Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Handmade red hats raise awareness for heart health The long, slow effort to get a 350,000 pound GE turbine from N.Y. scientist co-invents better Zika test After 10 years, N.Greenbush 4 & 43 project to begin News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories March for Life groups rejoice in new leadership Human cells grown in pigs embryos Pixel phone selling too well? Photos: What lies beneath Empire State Plaza Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories UAlbany basketball set for road game at Hartford Woods fails to make cut in return NYSPHSAA implements pitch counts for high school baseball Westbrook fires a 45 Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Businessman accused of attacking Muslim 2 charged with tickets scam State taxpayers kick in $500k to support Beech-Nut demolition Small drops, slow day Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Good things to do for the week ahead People on the news: Spencer gets a pudding pot Arts Talk: News in brief 24 things to do this weekend Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Sipping: Wine pick of the week Where to get a cup of coffee in the Capital Region Second Helpings: Mini restaurant reviews Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives CHS Lady Blue Devils B-Ball face Shaker @ home & EGB wknd N.Y. scientist co-invents better Zika test UUP: Repeal of ACA would be ‘perfect storm’ for SUNY Faso to GOP colleagues: Don’t defund Planned Parenthood in TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ ShopRite coming to N. Greenbush Van Rensselaer Square Letter: Small businesses boost economy in Adirondacks Amid the marching multitudes Rex Smith: When what's said simply isn't true Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog From hard-luck experience an app for renters was borne LA's latest growth spurt hits $250 million High & Low House of the Week: Brick Colonial in Albany Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings ShopRite dollar doubler coupons in today’s Times Union What to buy in February Price Chopper: Free Muuna Cottage Cheese and Chobani drink with Grab a free $5 VUDU movie streaming credit (all new and existing MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Wal-Mart-says-it-will-add-about-10-000-jobs-in-10864404.php Wal-Mart says it will add about 10,000 jobs in U.S. Expansions, new sites, e-commerce services expected to push hiring Associated Press Published 11:55 pm, Tuesday, January 17, 2017 Photo: Jae C. Hong Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, that there will also be about 24,000 construction jobs as well. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) ORG XMIT: NYAG203 less FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and ... more Photo: Jae C. Hong Wal-Mart says it will add about 10,000 jobs in U.S. 1 / 1 Back to Gallery New York Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday's announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. "Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape," said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and add thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for "starting the big push back in the U.S." and took credit for bringing jobs "back into the U.S." However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn't have moved elsewhere anyway. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Jos. A. Bank Clearance: Extra 50% off + free shipping Jos. A. BankPosted 15 hr 20 min ago SHOP NOW Sur La Table Clearance Sale: Up to 75% off + free shipping w/ $59 Sur La TablePosted 10 hr 32 min ago SHOP NOW Thinklux 60W-Equivalent LED Light Bulb 6-Pack for $12 + free... No store for this deal.Posted 1 day 16 hr ago SHOP NOW Art3d 12x12" Peel and Stick Backsplash for $5 + free shipping WalmartPosted 14 hr 51 min ago Most Popular 1 Alberto Martinez, soldier acquitted of killing superiors, dies 2 Traffic Alert: GE, State Police moving massive turbine Friday 3 State Police: Drunken driver flips car, injures passenger in... 4 Weapon threat at Rensselaer County school prompts scare 5 House of the Week: Brick Colonial in Albany 6 Photos: What lies beneath Empire State Plaza 7 A.M. Roundup: Pushback on Trump’s immigration plans View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Skip to content Home Subscribe Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires Breitbart London Breitbart Jerusalem Breitbart Texas Breitbart California STORE Facebook Twitter RSS SHOP NOW > Walmart to Create 10,000 Retail Jobs, 24,000 Construction Jobs by Katherine Rodriguez17 Jan 20170 17 Jan, 2017 17 Jan, 2017 SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Walmart announced Tuesday it would be creating 10,000 jobs in the United States this year, a number that’s on par with the amount of jobs the store has created in previous years, as President-elect Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to create more jobs in the U.S. The new jobs will be retail jobs for Walmart’s 59 new stores planned for the next fiscal year that starts in February or e-commerce jobs, but there will also be 24,000 new construction jobs created in order to build the new stores, Reuters reports. SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Walmart said the number of new jobs is about the same as previous years, and is part of $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. for the new fiscal year which starts Feb. 1. The investments also include construction and remodeling of stores and distribution centers as well as expansion of new services such as online grocery pickup, KWTV reported. “Our 2017 plans to grow our business … will have a meaningful impact on the country,” Executive Vice President Dan Bartlett said in a statement. Walmart also said it would open 160 training academies around the country, adding to the 40 that already exist. The company aims to provide up to six weeks of specialty training to 225,000 workers, the company said. Walmart’s job announcement comes after the store had to close 154 poor-performing U.S. stores and slash 10,000 jobs in January 2016, USA Today reports. Read More Stories About: Big Government, Economics, Pre-Viral, construction, Executive Vice President Dan Bartlett, Jobs, President-elect Donald Trump, Retail, Stores, training academies, Walmart Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page. BREITBART CONNECT Sign Up For Our Newsletter Inauguration Weekend! What Trump Means Douglas Carswell Karl Malone MOST POPULAR VP Pence at March for Life: Supreme Court Nominee Will Uphold God-Given Constitutional Liberties0 comments - 5 hours ago March for Life 2017: Photos from Washington, DC’s Pro-Life Rally0 comments - 7 hours ago Watch Live: March for Life Rally in Washington, DC0 comments - 12 hours ago #CalExit: State Approves ‘California Nation’ to Collect Signatures0 comments - 13 hours ago Scarborough to Bannon: ‘Taking on the Press Like That — It Always Ends Badly’0 comments - 10 hours ago Hillary Clinton Received Over 800,000 Illegal Votes, Research Shows0 comments - 8 hours ago Steve Bannon Torches New York Times: ‘You Have No Power’0 comments - 1 day ago Report: NBC Cutting Third Hour of Top-Rated ‘Today’ to Make Room for Megyn Kelly0 comments - 5 hours ago Trump doubles down in Mexico feud0 comments - 11 hours ago Trump Moving to Take Bids on Building the ‘Wall’0 comments - 1 day ago FROM THE HOMEPAGE Zuckerberg Hits Trump’s Immigration Policies, Says America Must ‘Keep Door Open to Refugees’ 0 Comments Trump: Christian Refugees ‘Horribly Treated,’ ‘We Are Going to Help Them’ 0 Comments Trump Hopes to Slash EPA Staff, Carbon Footprint by 50% 0 Comments Trump Signs Order to Rebuild Military After Mattis Takes Oath of Office 0 Comments NAACP Vows to Oppose Trump’s Voter Fraud Investigation 0 Comments Report: NBC Cutting Third Hour of Top-Rated ‘Today’ to Make Room for Megyn Kelly 0 Comments Pence Joins Washington’s March for Life 0 Comments Trump and Peña Nieto Agree to Not Publicly Discuss Wall Payment 0 Comments Exclusive — Pro-Life NFL Star Ben Watson: Time for ‘Men to Step Up, Protect Women’ from Abortion 0 Comments March for Life 2017: Photos from Washington, DC’s Pro-Life Rally 0 Comments Kellyanne Conway Addresses March For Life Crowd: ‘This Is a New Day, a New Dawn for Life’ 0 Comments SEIU Union Tries to Block Trump’s Pick For the Labor Department 0 Comments ‘Hundreds’ to Protest at Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s Walled Hawaiian Estate 0 Comments Boeing Suits Up for Future of Spaceflight with New Spacesuit Design 0 Comments Final Death Toll for Italy Avalanche Reaches 29 0 Comments One Year of Water in Orange County in Just Four Days 0 Comments YouTube Disables MILO Livestream Hours Before Immigration Speech in New Mexico 0 Comments Philly Archbishop: Cult of Abortion Is ‘Subtle Genocide Posing as Rights’ 0 Comments VP Pence at March for Life: Supreme Court Nominee Will Uphold God-Given Constitutional Liberties 0 Comments Send A Tip Send A Tip Copyright © 2017 Breitbart Advertise With Us EXPLORE BREITBART Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires London Jerusalem Texas California The Conversation Privacy Policy Terms of Use Breitbart Jobs Connect Facebook Twitter RSS Send us a tip SUBSCRIBE TO THE BREITBART NEWSLETTERSwitch to Full Site Copyright © 2017 Breitbart
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Friday, Jan 27, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Retail Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club job locations ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on Jan. 17, 2017 | Updated 11:52 a. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said today that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. A worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Walmart store in La Habra, Calif. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Today’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. It said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced today that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Related Items Wal-Mart Stores Inc , Macy's Inc , Donald Trump Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Menu Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Growth Companies Human Capital & Careers Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Sign InSign Up Search for: CFO Conferences Webcasts Research White Papers Jobs Training Newsletters Magazine Search for: How CFOs Can Budget to Boost Cybersecurity Cybersecurity is no longer seen as a technology… Don’t Count on ACA Repeal Anytime Soon Republicans may not be able to quickly dismantle… Will Automation Take Over Senior Finance Jobs? Some finance executives think their positions… Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Risk & Compliance Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Strategy Technology Hiring Trump Praises Wal-Mart, GM for U.S. Job Moves The retailer and automaker join a parade of U.S. companies that have been touting their commitment to domestic job creation. Matthew Heller January 17, 2017 | CFO.com | US share Tweet Email Print - Print + Email this article To* Please enter your email address* Subject* Comments* Wal-Mart and General Motors won the blessing of President-elect Donald Trump after they announced plans to add jobs in the U.S. Whether the announcements really amounted to anything new is debatable and the additional jobs represent only a small increase in the companies’ total U.S. workforces. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 U.S. jobs. Recommended Stories: Innovative Office Spaces Attract Millennials Amazon to Increase U.S. Workforce by 50% Recruiting for Next-Generation Finance Skills But U.S. corporations have recently been eager to tout their commitment to creating domestic jobs, with Amazon, for example, announcing 100,000 positions nationwide last week. Wal-Mart’s move “comes as many companies fear being lashed by Trump,” Fortune noted. “The President-elect … has used Twitter to take to task U.S. companies that manufacture products abroad destined for the American market, or that have outsourced jobs.” Trump duly used Twitter on Tuesday to express his gratitude to Wal-Mart and GM. “Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!” he said in a tweet. As Reuters reports, Wal-Mart had announced a $6.8 billion capital spending plan in October. The additional 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce, are part of that plan, with the vast majority of the positions being in Walmart and Sam’s Club stores. “With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs,” a Wal-Mart spokesman said in a news release. Wal-Mart last year cut 10,000 store jobs after closing its 154 Walmart Express stores, and some 7,000 back-office positions were also cut. But the company told The Wall Street Journal that overall headcount is rising. GM, meanwhile, said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories and shift some production from Mexico — moves that will create or retain 1,500 jobs. Company officials said the announcement reflected existing plans, not new decisions. Post navigation ← RAND Corp. Taps Nonprofit Veteran as Finance Chief Morgan Stanley Profit Almost Doubles to $1.6B → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertisement Popular Articles In Tech, Return Measures are Better than Margins The Rising Risk of Being CFO Revenue Recognition: The Clock Is Ticking When Cost Cutting Gets Expensive Trump’s Corporate Tax Reforms: What CFOs Need to Know Why Is There Still Gender Pay Disparity? Advertisement   Topics Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Media Videos Whitepapers Research Blogs Magazine Events Conferences Webcasts Services Reprints Back Issues Mobile Widgets RSS About CFO About CFO Editorial Staff Press Advertise FAQ Contact Us Want the Magazine? Relax and unplug with our award-winning coverage. Subscribe Now Follow Us
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Fed's Williams says fiscal stimulus could spur faster U.S. growth Sterling basks in glow of May's Brexit speech; global stocks slip Business Standard General Motors says to invest additional $1 billion in U.S Reuters  |  WASHINGTON  January 18, 2017 Last Updated at 05:39 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USeoR3 ALSO READ General Motors says to invest additional $1 billion in U.S. Trump attacks GM over Chevy Cruze production, threatens tax Trump threatens "big border tax" on GM over Chevy Cruze production Trump assails GM over car production in Mexico, threatens tax By David Shepardson WASHINGTON (Reuters) - General Motors Co on Tuesday confirmed it will invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories in 2017 and will move some parts production from Mexico to the United States that was previously handled by a supplier. The investments are in addition to the $2.9 billion the automaker announced last year, GM said. (http://bit.ly/2iJ9xw0) GM and other automakers have been sharply criticized by Republican U.S. President-elect Donald Trump for building vehicles in Mexico that are imported into the United States. Trump will be sworn in on Friday. GM said the $1 billion investment will create or retain 1,500 jobs. The Detroit automaker said details of individual projects will be announced throughout the year. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.," Trump tweeted, referring as well to Wal-Mart Stores Inc's announcement that it will hire 10,000 U.S. workers in 2017 as part of a plan previously announced by the discount retailer. GM also said it will begin work on bringing axle production for its next generation of full-size pickup trucks, including work previously done in Mexico, to operations in Michigan, creating 450 U.S. jobs. The part was previously built by American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc . American Axle did not immediately respond to a request for comment. GM spokeswoman Joanne Krell said the automaker planned to add 7,000 new U.S. jobs over the next two to three years. Krell said the decisions being announced "had been in the works for some time" but she added "the timing was good for us to share what we are doing." The 7,000 figure includes the 450 jobs on axle production, 1,500 jobs tied to the $1 billion announcement and more than 5,000 new jobs tied to engineering, GM Financial and advanced technology. GM in 2014 announced it was investing $5 billion in Mexico and doubling production capacity by 2018. GM said last week it had no plans to cancel Mexican investments despite Trump pressure. GM said it had added about 6,000 U.S. jobs, consisting of 4,000 hourly and 2,000 salaried positions, since the end of 2015 for a total American workforce of 103,000. Since GM's bankruptcy restructuring in 2009, when it had 77,000 U.S. employees, it has added more than 25,000 jobs as it boosted production, acquired an auto finance company and brought information technology work in house. The United Auto Workers union said GM's new investments "have emerged as a result of the 2015" contract with the union. GM shares slightly rose in midday trading, up 0.6 percent, or $0.23 per share, to $37.57. 'BIG STUFF' Trump, who made bringing back manufacturing to the United States a large part of his successful election campaign, has been touting recent automaker investments in the United States. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff," Trump said in a pair of tweets. Trump has been inaccurate in describing some U.S. auto investments, wrongly saying last week that Fiat Chrysler was planning to build a new factory in the United States. The company announced it is investing $1 billion in two existing plants, adding 2,000 jobs. On Jan. 3, Trump threatened to impose a "big border tax" on GM for making some of its Chevrolet Cruze compacts in Mexico - and he has extended that threat to German automakers like BMW AG and Toyota Motor Corp <7203.T> over building vehicles abroad. Separately, Hyundai Motor Group said Tuesday in South Korea that it plans to boost U.S. investment by 50 percent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant in the United States. Hyundai Motor Co <005380.KS> and Kia Motors Corp <000270.KS>, which make up the Hyundai Motor Group, have not been directly criticized by Trump but they may have felt vulnerable because among major brands, they have one of the lowest ratios of cars built in the United States to cars sold. GM also said an unnamed supplier has committed to make components for GM's next-generation full-size pickup trucks in Michigan, moving 100 supplier jobs from Mexico to the United States. But even as GM invests in U.S. plants, it has also been making job cuts. In recent months, the company announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories. It said in November it would cut about 2,000 jobs when it ends the third shift at its Lordstown, Ohio, and Lansing, Michigan, plants in January. Last month, it said it planned to cancel the second shift and cut nearly 1,300 jobs from its Detroit-Hamtramck assembly plant in March. GM's "general plan is to build where we sell, and we're focused on what we're doing in the United States," Chief Executive Mary Barra said in an interview with Reuters on Monday. Barra, who said she planned to attend Trump's inauguration, said GM wants to work with him, adding, "I do believe we have more in common than we have areas that we aren't aligned." (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Frances Kerry and Jonathan Oatis) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Gm | Jobs | Trump | General Motors | Washington PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? General Motors says to invest additional $1 billion in U.S WASHINGTON (Reuters) - General Motors Co on Tuesday confirmed it will invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories in 2017 and will move some parts production from Mexico to the United States that was previously handled by a supplier. By David Shepardson WASHINGTON (Reuters) - General Motors Co on Tuesday confirmed it will invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories in 2017 and will move some parts production from Mexico to the United States that was previously handled by a supplier. The investments are in addition to the $2.9 billion the automaker announced last year, GM said. (http://bit.ly/2iJ9xw0) GM and other automakers have been sharply criticized by Republican U.S. President-elect Donald Trump for building vehicles in Mexico that are imported into the United States. Trump will be sworn in on Friday. GM said the $1 billion investment will create or retain 1,500 jobs. The Detroit automaker said details of individual projects will be announced throughout the year. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.," Trump tweeted, referring as well to Wal-Mart Stores Inc's announcement that it will hire 10,000 U.S. workers in 2017 as part of a plan previously announced by the discount retailer. GM also said it will begin work on bringing axle production for its next generation of full-size pickup trucks, including work previously done in Mexico, to operations in Michigan, creating 450 U.S. jobs. The part was previously built by American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc . American Axle did not immediately respond to a request for comment. GM spokeswoman Joanne Krell said the automaker planned to add 7,000 new U.S. jobs over the next two to three years. Krell said the decisions being announced "had been in the works for some time" but she added "the timing was good for us to share what we are doing." The 7,000 figure includes the 450 jobs on axle production, 1,500 jobs tied to the $1 billion announcement and more than 5,000 new jobs tied to engineering, GM Financial and advanced technology. GM in 2014 announced it was investing $5 billion in Mexico and doubling production capacity by 2018. GM said last week it had no plans to cancel Mexican investments despite Trump pressure. GM said it had added about 6,000 U.S. jobs, consisting of 4,000 hourly and 2,000 salaried positions, since the end of 2015 for a total American workforce of 103,000. Since GM's bankruptcy restructuring in 2009, when it had 77,000 U.S. employees, it has added more than 25,000 jobs as it boosted production, acquired an auto finance company and brought information technology work in house. The United Auto Workers union said GM's new investments "have emerged as a result of the 2015" contract with the union. GM shares slightly rose in midday trading, up 0.6 percent, or $0.23 per share, to $37.57. 'BIG STUFF' Trump, who made bringing back manufacturing to the United States a large part of his successful election campaign, has been touting recent automaker investments in the United States. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff," Trump said in a pair of tweets. Trump has been inaccurate in describing some U.S. auto investments, wrongly saying last week that Fiat Chrysler was planning to build a new factory in the United States. The company announced it is investing $1 billion in two existing plants, adding 2,000 jobs. On Jan. 3, Trump threatened to impose a "big border tax" on GM for making some of its Chevrolet Cruze compacts in Mexico - and he has extended that threat to German automakers like BMW AG and Toyota Motor Corp <7203.T> over building vehicles abroad. Separately, Hyundai Motor Group said Tuesday in South Korea that it plans to boost U.S. investment by 50 percent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant in the United States. Hyundai Motor Co <005380.KS> and Kia Motors Corp <000270.KS>, which make up the Hyundai Motor Group, have not been directly criticized by Trump but they may have felt vulnerable because among major brands, they have one of the lowest ratios of cars built in the United States to cars sold. GM also said an unnamed supplier has committed to make components for GM's next-generation full-size pickup trucks in Michigan, moving 100 supplier jobs from Mexico to the United States. But even as GM invests in U.S. plants, it has also been making job cuts. In recent months, the company announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories. It said in November it would cut about 2,000 jobs when it ends the third shift at its Lordstown, Ohio, and Lansing, Michigan, plants in January. Last month, it said it planned to cancel the second shift and cut nearly 1,300 jobs from its Detroit-Hamtramck assembly plant in March. GM's "general plan is to build where we sell, and we're focused on what we're doing in the United States," Chief Executive Mary Barra said in an interview with Reuters on Monday. Barra, who said she planned to attend Trump's inauguration, said GM wants to work with him, adding, "I do believe we have more in common than we have areas that we aren't aligned." (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Frances Kerry and Jonathan Oatis) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 General Motors says to invest additional $1 billion in U.S By David Shepardson WASHINGTON (Reuters) - General Motors Co on Tuesday confirmed it will invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories in 2017 and will move some parts production from Mexico to the United States that was previously handled by a supplier. The investments are in addition to the $2.9 billion the automaker announced last year, GM said. (http://bit.ly/2iJ9xw0) GM and other automakers have been sharply criticized by Republican U.S. President-elect Donald Trump for building vehicles in Mexico that are imported into the United States. Trump will be sworn in on Friday. GM said the $1 billion investment will create or retain 1,500 jobs. The Detroit automaker said details of individual projects will be announced throughout the year. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.," Trump tweeted, referring as well to Wal-Mart Stores Inc's announcement that it will hire 10,000 U.S. workers in 2017 as part of a plan previously announced by the discount retailer. GM also said it will begin work on bringing axle production for its next generation of full-size pickup trucks, including work previously done in Mexico, to operations in Michigan, creating 450 U.S. jobs. The part was previously built by American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc . American Axle did not immediately respond to a request for comment. GM spokeswoman Joanne Krell said the automaker planned to add 7,000 new U.S. jobs over the next two to three years. Krell said the decisions being announced "had been in the works for some time" but she added "the timing was good for us to share what we are doing." The 7,000 figure includes the 450 jobs on axle production, 1,500 jobs tied to the $1 billion announcement and more than 5,000 new jobs tied to engineering, GM Financial and advanced technology. GM in 2014 announced it was investing $5 billion in Mexico and doubling production capacity by 2018. GM said last week it had no plans to cancel Mexican investments despite Trump pressure. GM said it had added about 6,000 U.S. jobs, consisting of 4,000 hourly and 2,000 salaried positions, since the end of 2015 for a total American workforce of 103,000. Since GM's bankruptcy restructuring in 2009, when it had 77,000 U.S. employees, it has added more than 25,000 jobs as it boosted production, acquired an auto finance company and brought information technology work in house. The United Auto Workers union said GM's new investments "have emerged as a result of the 2015" contract with the union. GM shares slightly rose in midday trading, up 0.6 percent, or $0.23 per share, to $37.57. 'BIG STUFF' Trump, who made bringing back manufacturing to the United States a large part of his successful election campaign, has been touting recent automaker investments in the United States. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff," Trump said in a pair of tweets. Trump has been inaccurate in describing some U.S. auto investments, wrongly saying last week that Fiat Chrysler was planning to build a new factory in the United States. The company announced it is investing $1 billion in two existing plants, adding 2,000 jobs. On Jan. 3, Trump threatened to impose a "big border tax" on GM for making some of its Chevrolet Cruze compacts in Mexico - and he has extended that threat to German automakers like BMW AG and Toyota Motor Corp <7203.T> over building vehicles abroad. Separately, Hyundai Motor Group said Tuesday in South Korea that it plans to boost U.S. investment by 50 percent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant in the United States. Hyundai Motor Co <005380.KS> and Kia Motors Corp <000270.KS>, which make up the Hyundai Motor Group, have not been directly criticized by Trump but they may have felt vulnerable because among major brands, they have one of the lowest ratios of cars built in the United States to cars sold. GM also said an unnamed supplier has committed to make components for GM's next-generation full-size pickup trucks in Michigan, moving 100 supplier jobs from Mexico to the United States. But even as GM invests in U.S. plants, it has also been making job cuts. In recent months, the company announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories. It said in November it would cut about 2,000 jobs when it ends the third shift at its Lordstown, Ohio, and Lansing, Michigan, plants in January. Last month, it said it planned to cancel the second shift and cut nearly 1,300 jobs from its Detroit-Hamtramck assembly plant in March. GM's "general plan is to build where we sell, and we're focused on what we're doing in the United States," Chief Executive Mary Barra said in an interview with Reuters on Monday. Barra, who said she planned to attend Trump's inauguration, said GM wants to work with him, adding, "I do believe we have more in common than we have areas that we aren't aligned." (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Frances Kerry and Jonathan Oatis) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Temp: 57° NEWS Seen On 13 Brevard Flagler Lake Marion Orange Osceola Seminole Sumter Volusia State National Health Space Español WEATHER StormTracker 13 Radar Weather Photos Forecast Marine Travel Sky 13 Cameras Tropical Hurricane Center Weather Experts Blog TRAFFIC Traffic News Gas Tracker Traffic Inbox Traffic Cams I-4 Ultimate SPORTS TV Schedule Scores & Schedules High School In the Community College Pro Outdoors Contact Sports Video ON THE TOWN Entertainment News Food and Dining Travel Attractions COMMUNITY Special Events Community Calendar Education Project Weather Everyday Hero Good News POLITICS Florida Decides Political Connections Inauguration D.C. Digest BUSINESS Your Job Your Transportation Technology Consumer Wise Economy Extra on the Web CES 2017 LOTTO VIDEO NEWS TRENDING: Deputy accused of stealing money | 'Ad Astra Per Aspera' exhibit | Rolex 24 COLD SNAP ON THE WAY: Get the News 13+ app for hour-by-hour temperature conditions BIG EVENTS THIS WEEKEND: Manatee Festival | Zora! Festival of the Arts | NFL Pro Bowl Walmart market's closure leaves St. Pete with one less option This Walmart Neighborhood Market in St. Petersburg used to be a Sweetbay grocery store. It will close its doors in March. (Bay News 9) By Saundra Weathers, Reporter Last Updated: Wednesday, January 18, 2017, 1:31 PM EST ST. PETERSBURG --  A local Walmart is closing its doors in St. Petersburg and it’s not the first big grocery chain closure at this location. Walmart Neighborhood Market on 22nd Street South closing March 4 Store opened in 2014, replacing Sweetbay grocery store 75 employees displaced, residents left without grocery store In a statement Tuesday it was announced the Walmart Neighborhood Market on 22nd Street South and 18th Avenue South will be closing down. The store will close on March 4. The pharmacy will close Feb. 1. The Walmart opened in 2014. It replaced a Sweetbay grocery store after that chain of stores closed. Now the 75 employees will either transfer to another Walmart location or find someplace else to work. Walmart released a statement Tuesday, citing a number of factors for the closure, including financial performance. The company also offered the 75 current employees who can't or don't want to transfer resume and application training.  This closure is also bad news for people like Curtis Williams, who catches to the bus to the store to shop once a week. “We need a store here right in the neighborhood for people who don’t have transportation. I don’t have a car. I’m sitting here now waiting on the bus. I’ve got my bag full of groceries right here,” Williams said. Like Williams, many others depend on the location. Temeika Reynolds said she takes the bus the store at least a couple times a week. “It’s real convenient, especially for a lot of people who don’t have transportation to get to the further out Walmart. It was very convenient,” she said.  St. Petersburg Councilmember Karl Nurse represents this area, and he said he doesn’t think all things were considered with this closure. “It’s a kick in the teeth,” Nurse said. “Part of what makes it so difficult is that national stores are just looking at numbers and they may know nothing about the community, they may nothing about what’s coming down the pike. It’s just, here’s our weakest stores. Here’s the line. They’re closing.” Nurse said a solution may take months or a even a year. No matter the timeline, he says he’s hoping there’s a solution that helps this community. latest news: pinellas county 2nd reduced sentencing hearing today for Nick Lindsey Motorcyclist killed in early morning crash in Clearwater Pinellas pelicans released following mysterious illness St. Pete woman accused of throwing tampon at police 'Fight for $15' protest against Trump's labor pick in St. Pete Rehabilitated pelicans to be released back into wild PCSO: Critically injured man ran into traffic, beat on hoods of cars Man dies after fleeing from deputy, running into traffic Former St. Pete mayoral candidate arrested for felony elder abuse StormTracker 13 Radar Learn more  |  BHTV for iOS  |  BHTV for Android  |  BHTV for Kindle Fire  |  PC/Laptop Get the News 13+ App Download the News 13+ app for the latest News, Weather and Real Time Traffic at your fingertips. LIVE interactive Stormtracker 13 radar Custom Safety Net storm alerts LIVE interactive Real Time Traffic Upload pictures to News 13 from the app Community Calendar Find out what's happening in your neighborhood and submit your event now! All Events Brevard County Flagler County Lake County Marion County Orange County Osceola County Seminole County Sumter County Volusia County Breaking News Alerts Get instant Breaking News, Weather & Traffic alerts delivered directly to your cell phone or email with News 13 NOW. It's easy to sign up! &amp;amp;amp;nbsp; Nominate an Everyday Hero Every Monday, News 13 salutes an Everyday Hero making a positive difference in Central Florida. Do you know someone who should be an Everyday Hero? Let us know! Project Weather Weather can be mysterious, exciting and sometimes dangerous. That's why News 13 created Project Weather to help provide kids with the information they need to stay safe. Project Weather is made up of interactive educational resources to help prepare students for the future. News 13 Partners Stay In Touch Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to our Feeds Service Tools Breaking News Alerts Severe Weather Alerts News 13 App Center News 13 Watch Live Spectrum Email Make Us Your Home Page Marketplace Advertise with Us Your Neighborhood Partners Bay News 9 Spectrum Sports Charter Communications InfoMás Orlando Business Journal CNN.com About Us Contact Us Jobs Our People Awards Crime Guidelines Studio Tour Seen on 13 Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. ©2017 Charter Communications. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Bright House Networks' parent, Charter Communications Operating, LLC.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  BREAKING NEWS: Double Oscar nominated actor John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer and suffering an intestinal complaint Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to terrorists, end ALL refugee resettlement for 120 days, and freeze Syrians out indefinitely Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned her down and threatened to kill her while he was having oxycodone withdrawal 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass' question listing his policies she claimed worried Britons KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in. Now I can't wait for the return visit - let the hating commence!  Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Team Trump makes embarrassing gaffe by spelling British Prime Minister's name 'Teresa' THREE TIMES in press release Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the President still has his personal handset David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite I believe in torture - but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding and insists he'll let 'general's general' override him Trump orders a 'great rebuilding' of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to smash ISIS - and says Mattis will lead the Pentagon 'brilliantly' What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and reveals he's meeting the Queen (let's just hope he keeps his hands to himself that day) Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left empty - because the White House hasn't sent out his photo 'You are selfish and spineless': Daughter of disgraced Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich hits out at Obama for refusing to pardon her father Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still likes his call sign Chaos) As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime Minister's cheeks, asks QUENTIN LETTS HOLY GUACOMOLE! Mexican minister stokes fears that Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados and Corona beer after presidents suggests 20 percent import tax Trump fires latest shot in Mexico standoff by saying southern neighbor has 'taken advantage' of U.S. - then holds hour-long phone call with Mexican president Trump doubles down on claim '3 million votes were illegal' as Pence promises Republican lawmakers 'a full evaluation'  Staff at Mar-a-Lago are being inundated with angry callers venting their rage against Trump  First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obamas... unlike Barack, George and Bill did with their wives? 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after she warns Donald Trump about forging close relationship with Moscow Previous Next Captured alive: Bloodied Orlando 'cop killer' who 'murdered' veteran female officer at a Walmart is arrested after a week on the run - and then paraded covered in BANDAGES after struggle with cops  Police have arrested Markeith Loyd, 41, who allegedly fatally shot an officer Officer Debra Clayton was killed January 9 outside a Walmart Police chief Mina said they arrested Loyd using Clayton's handcuffs  Loyd was previously sought for the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend   By Anna Hopkins For Dailymail.com Published: 20:14 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 08:05 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail 3.5k shares 350 View comments Video of a bloodied suspect wanted in the murder of an Orlando police officer has emerged as he was apprehended after a nine-day manhunt on Tuesday evening.  The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a laborious search that began with the January 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Walmart store. Loyd was wanted in connection to the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and shot dead Lt. Clayton when she spotted and approached him. Another officer, Deputy Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle accident when he joined in the manhunt for Loyd. Local television stations showed Loyd with a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters, as he told a crowd that authorities had 'beat him up'. Police Chief John Mina tweeted confirmation of the arrest, stating: 'Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs.'  Scroll down for video Minor scuffle: Loyd was seen being escorted out of the Orlando Police Department extremely bloodied, with bandages covered his eyes, head, and left cheek Killed in the line of duty: Lieutenant Debra Clayton, a 17 year veteran of the Orlando Police Department, was shot and killed outside a Wal-Mart in Orlando on January 9 - Markeith Loyd, left, has been arrested for her murder Loyd was seen being escorted out of the Orlando Police Department extremely bloodied, with bandages covered his eyes, head, and left cheek. Orlando Fire & Paramedics were seen leaving police headquarters shortly after Loyd was brought in with head injuries following his arrest.  Law enforcement said that authorities surrounded a house at 1157 Lescot Lane in Metro West Orlando and ordered Loyd to surrender Tuesday just before 7pm, according to Click Orlando.  Bloodied and bruised: Orlando Fire & Paramedics were seen leaving police headquarters shortly after Loyd was brought in with head injuries following his arrest Battered: Video of Loyd being brought out of police headquarters has emerged  Justice: Police arrested Loyd using Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs, which is a tradition in the force  Loyd crawled out of the house protected with body armor and armed with two guns, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said during a news conference Tuesday night. He said Loyd initially attempted to flee from a back sliding glass door, but then came to the front and surrendered his firearms. One of the guns had a 100-round capacity, Chief Mina said.  Upset: Law enforcement said that authorities surrounded a house at 1157 Lescot Lane in Metro West Orlando and ordered Loyd to surrender Tuesday just before 7pm Last stand: Loyd crawled out of the house protected with body armor and armed with two guns, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said during a news conference Tuesday night Crying out: He said Loyd initially attempted to flee from a back sliding glass door, but then came to the front and surrendered his firearms Hold out: Officers ordered Loyd to surrender at this home in West Orlando around 7pm on Tuesday  Firepower: Police say Loyd was armed with these two weapons, one of which has a 100-round capacity, when he was apprehended Tuesday evening He continued: 'Debra Clayton risked her life for this community that she loved so dearly.  'To put her handcuffs on the bad guy that she was trying to catch when she was killed was significant and meaningful to her family, its meaningful to her OPD family as well.'  Video has emerged of police escorting Loyd to headquarters, in which the bloodied suspect can be heard saying that the officers 'beat him up'. In a press conference, Chief Mina discussed the emotional toll the nine-day manhunt took on his officers. 'It's been a rollercoaster of emotions throughout the week,' he said. 'Many of the officers I spoke with tonight actually broke down in tears because they felt that they were finally able to cry, and to weep, because it was over.' Before Clayton's shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend Sade Dixon last month. Death: Loyd, right, is pictured with his pregnant ex-girlfriend Sade Dixon, left, for which he was wanted in for murder  While at the store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he filed multiple shots at her. Clayton returned fire but didn't hit him. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy's SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff's office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff's office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Casualty: A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt Wreckage: A boot lies on Pine Hills Road on Monday after Lewis, an 11-year veteran, was struck by a van while responding to the manhunt for Loyd Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a 'committed' officer and 'a hero' who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. 'She was always the first to step up and help kids,' the chief said. Final salute: Police officers carry Lt Debra Clayton's casket on Saturday Tragedy: Lt Debra Clayton's family waits outside of First Baptist Church in Orlando A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. 'She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,' Rolon said. Hundreds attended Lt. Clayton and Deputy Lewis's funerals over the weekend. She was promoted to lieutenant posthumously at her funeral service by the Orlando Police Department Chief John Mina, according to the Orlando Sentinel.  Service: Debra Clayton was promoted to lieutenant posthumously at her funeral  Respect: Hundreds attended Debra Clayton's funeral at First Baptist Church in Orlando Deputy Lewis was posthumously awarded a Purple Heart. Sheriff Jerry Demings spoke at his funeral, and said through tears: 'Our beloved Norman Lewis now joins the ranks of more than 19,000 men and women who’ve paid the ultimate sacrifice.  'Norm died doing what he loved best – helping others,“ "As sheriff, I wish I had 1,500 deputy sheriffs like Norman,” he later added, according to Click Orlando.  Clayton had worked for the Orlando Police Department for 17 years, most recently as a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot.  Tradition: Flowers were placed on Debra Clayton's patrol vehicle  She previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer. Lt Debra Clayton was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse nightclub in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June's massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. She was married and has a college-aged son. Zarghee Mayan was arrested on Tuesday for assisting Loyd escape arrest One man has been arrested under suspicion of aiding Loyd evade arrest after killing Clayton. Zarghee Mayan was arrested on Tuesday for assisting Loyd escape arrest. Police believe he was with the man as recently as Saturday and was helping him hide from authorities after Dixon's murder. He told police Loyd had been wearing a bullet proof vest since his girlfriend's death.  Dixon, Loyd's girlfriend, posted a haunting Facebook live stream to her social media page before her death. In the video, the jokingly says to the camera that Loyd would kill her, because of his manic driving. She says: 'I'm not going to live past 25. I'm not going to make it. Not like this. I might as well pray every day and make sure I make it into heaven. 'I don't know what I was getting myself in to or what I signed up for.'  Share or comment on this article e-mail 3.5k shares Most watched News videos Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat Trump calls Islamic State 'sneaky, dirty rats' during Hannity interview Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border Settling in nicely! Ivanka Trump shares bedtime snap of baby... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● Comments (350) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor dies aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint  Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks amid sole custody battle after bombshell allegations about Thicke having an affair  Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Rod Stewart borrows style tips from UK TV's Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends      DON'T MISS 'It's easier when you're younger!' Audrina Patridge reveals why she wants to have three babies back-to-back with husband Corey Bohan Courtney Stodden flaunts her ample cleavage as she heads out for dinner with friends Attention-loving blonde, 22, was hard to miss 'It's how I'm wired': Emma Stone talks crippling anxiety which put her in therapy from age 7 as she reveals she dropped out of high school at 15 to act Gwyneth Paltrow the trendsetter wears bizarre wide leg trousers cropped to the ankle on breezy outing in LA  Goop queen  Nice ice! Mariah Carey continues to wear James Packer's engagement ring as she and boyfriend Brian Tanaka take her twins out for frozen yoghurt Bella Hadid parades around in skimpy black underwear for Dior make-up tutorial video The 20-year-old model flaunted her endless lean limbs Baywatch babe Kelly Rohrbach swaps her lifeguard suit for a skimpy bikini as she flaunts her buxom bust for new fashion campaign Natalie Portman cradles her bare baby bump in striking Vanity Fair image for magazine's Hollywood Issue Shot by Annie Leibovitz Pregnant Natalie Portman, Amy Adams, Lupita Nyong'o and Emma Stone among A-list actresses showcased in Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue Iranian actress Taraneh Alidoosti, star of Oscar-nominated The Salesman, vows to boycott awards in protest at Trump's 'racist' visa ban EXCLUSIVE: Omarosa pushed Trump to hire black entertainers for inauguration but he didn't want to because 'black people didn't support me' Oprah coming to a fridge near you! Winfrey set to launch a line of ready-meals to help more people eat healthy after her 42 pound weight loss Nina Dobrev confirms she's returning to The Vampire Diaries for season finale as she shares snap of script for last episode Return of the star  'A lot of secrets are going to come out!': Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie documentary set to 'reveal reasons behind their divorce' To go inside the divorce 'I was scared to death!' Molly Sims describes going into labour with baby Grey after two C-sections Introduced the world to her third child  'Is this an opportunity for a three-way?' Dax Shepard jokes introducing Kristen Bell to her celebrity crush Riz Ahmed came off as X-rated proposition Madeleine Albright and Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik say they will register as Muslims in solidarity if Trump creates Islamic database   'I can't wait to sink my teeth into this!' Elton John to co-write musical version of The Devil Wears Prada bound for Broadway Wrote the Lion King  'It hurts... he was my first true love': Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah tearfully reveals split from boyfriend Opened up about split Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich look stunning as they stop by GMA to promote Resident Evil film in NYC Busy promoting the latest installment 'I love you with all my heart': Kim Richards pays tribute to late ex husband Monty Brinson on one year anniversary of his death Gone but not forgotten 'My first sexual encounter was abuse': Thandie Newton reveals she's had candid discussions with her daughters about her assault and racism  On the royal run! Prince Harry dons Lycra leggings as he takes to the streets of London for a jog with young homeless people on a charity visit  Does this prove there's a royal engagement on the way? Meghan Markle's Suits co-star hints she could be 'a future princess of England' Make-up free Calista Flockhart, 52, steps out in rainy Los Angeles to take her teenage son to the barber Took her 16-year-old boy to get his hair cut  Bowled over! Matthew McConaughey blows off some steam at LA bowling alley in between promoting his latest movie Gold Enjoyed some downtime Zayn Malik cuts a low-key figure as he steps out solo in New York... ahead of the video release of Fifty Shades Darker collaboration with Taylor Swift 'There's nothing wrong with a little sag': Kanye's video girl Teyana Taylor showcases her athletic figure in SELF as she discusses her post-baby body Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick, 29, nips out in New York to go shopping for newborn Deveraux Headed out to a baby store in the Big Apple Feeling the love! Kylie Jenner is going all out for Valentine's Day with an expansive new make-up collection that she calls her 'favorite so far'  Karaoke singing and dancing fit for Strictly: Why La La Land is the Best Picture we deserve in an era that and celebrates the amateur Suited for the Trump era  As the world pays tribute to late actress Mary Tyler Moore, FEMAIL reveals how the star paved the way for fashion-loving women with her bold style  Scarlett Johansson and husband Romain Dauriac hit back at 'split' rumours as they put on a united front at NYC exhibition... but where is her wedding ring?   That's love all!  Serena Williams blows her fiance Alexis Ohanian a court side kiss at the Australian Open as Reddit co-founder looks on adoringly Lottie Moss flaunts TINY waist as she channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous 'basic b****' meltdown 'I still can't believe Mary Tyler Moore touched my face. Will love her forever': Oprah Winfrey pays tribute to her heroine and relives THAT sweet TV moment EXCLUSIVE: Madonna is trying to adopt four-year-old TWIN SISTERS called Stella and Esther from Malawi A government official told DailyMail.com  And action! Heidi Klum directs sexy photo shoot between two near naked Next Top Model contestants on a bed moving down Hollywood Boulevard Madonna and Matthew McConaughey set to become millionaires (all over again) as investors in Vito Coco, which may be looking to sell for up to $1billion   'We'll do something special': Olivia Newton-John, 68, hints at Grease reunion to mark 40th anniversary of the iconic musical  Delighted fans Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks tired as he grabs a coffee in New York... days after split from girlfriend Danielle Campbell is revealed Dressed down  Romee Strijd bares her taut tummy for date with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen at Catch LA Just returned from a romantic Mexican getaway Winter's coming! Modern Family star Ariel cuts a casual figure in skinny ripped jeans as she steps out for a pampering session Kept her head down  Flying under the radar? Rita Ora cuts a low-key and casual figure as she lands at London's Heathrow airport Cutting a very casual figure  PICTURED: Moving truck spotted at Bel Air estate of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West... amid ongoing work at duo's Hidden Hills home Baseball beauty Meghan King Edmonds 'will not be returning to Real Housewives of Orange County' Wife of former baseball All-Star Jim Edmonds Agony for George Michael's family as his body has STILL not been released for funeral a month since his death as the coroner awaits toxicology results  'An incredible milestone': Ivanka Trump shares sweet video of 10-month-old Theodore crawling for the FIRST TIME in the White House 'I'm going to protect my daughter': Corinne Olympios' mother Peri insists Bachelor 'villain' isn't engaged, a w**** or a slave-owner Biting back A couple that dresses alike: Emily Blunt looks chic in skinny leather trousers and stylish coat as she enjoys dinner with matching husband John Krasinski Mother of former Love & Hip Hop Atlanta reality TV star is FOUND safe at home amid kidnapping fears Police in Georgia were  searching  Lady in red! Queen Letizia is a vision in a figure-hugging gown as she welcomes foreign ambassadors to the palace in Madrid   Impeccably-dressed  Shia LaBeouf is ARRESTED live on camera during anti-Trump livestream after 'getting in a fight with a passing protester'  'I don't think it served our purpose': Cyndi Lauper criticizes Madonna's Women's March speech on WWHL Speaking on Watch What Happens Live It had to be Dunn! Jourdan flaunts her supermodel figure in a plunging black bikini top as she snaps a sizzling selfie Catwalk queen Hello, Norma Jeane! Unique negative of Marilyn Monroe while she was still plain 20-year-old Miss Baker hoping for fame is being sold for $3,700 Doting mum Charlize Theron beams as she joins son Jackson and daughter August on the rides at Disneyland Charlize adopted Jackson in March 2012  Iskra Lawrence displays her peachy posterior and hourglass curves in black lingerie and crop top as she pouts up a storm in new video 'Well that just made my lifetime': Topless Kelly Brook sends Twitter wild over her VERY sexy  commercial aired during Britain's National Television Awards Fancy footwear! Make-up free Drew Barrymore steps out in gold platform heels as she arrives at NYC airport On the promotional trail 'Give up the pursuit for perfection': Size 10 model Iskra Lawrence dismisses airbrushing as she proudly displays her curves in a thong for untouched shoot Taking the plunge! Jamie Chung rocks extremely low-cut one piece and slashed jeans for night out in LA Spotted leaving Delilah after meal  Camilla becomes a plumber! Duchess of Cornwall is made an honorary member of a 650-year-old livery company Honored in London  'I'm not ashamed of a few lumps, bumps or cellulite': Ashley Graham posts snap of leg while urging followers to 'love the skin' they're in Plus-sized model Peter Capaldi flashes a broad smile as he films dramatic Doctor Who scenes with Pearl Mackie in Cardiff Filmed scenes for series 10  Kate Hudson shows off her long legs in skinny black jeans and khaki bomber jacket as she enjoys casual day in Malibu Exited Soho House  Can they fine him for this? Scott Eastwood shares video of his Australia Day celebration as he surfs behind a boat while drinking a BEER Rachel McAdams conceals her lithe frame in a chunky coat as she shoots scenes as Rachel Weisz's lover for new film Disobedience Thriller about murder  The look of love? Crown Prince of Denmark Frederik gives wife Mary a very quizzical look as they attend dinner to honour President of Iceland Penny Lancaster reveals she went to work in Rod Stewart's dressing gown after leaving her clothes following attendance at British tv awards show Giving the cold shoulder: Braless Mel B shows off her toned figure in black cut-out dress with flesh-flashing mesh panel for Today show appearance Arm of support! Christina Ricci is joined by onscreen husband David Hoflin at premiere of her new Amazon show Z: The Beginning Of Everything 'I bet he can't wait': Niall Horan says One Direction bandmate Liam Payne is 'nervous' about welcoming a baby with pregnant girlfriend Cheryl Bleary-eyed Simon Cowell looks in high spirits as he parties with girlfriend Lauren Silverman and Ellie Goulding Entertainment mogul  'I feel so enlightened by our convo!': Kim Kardashian boasts about speaking with her 'favorite' author Betty J. Eadie She has 49.8m followers Working out ALL the muscles! Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off fit figure in sleeveless top and leggings while hosting pelvic fitness class George Michael's former partner Kenny Goss looks solemn as he is comforted by a pal on LA stroll weeks after the singer's tragic death  As fashion ice queen Anna Wintour's rival tells weeping staff she's leaving as editor of British Vogue, was it a case of... stilettos at dawn? A twist on the LBD! Melanie Griffith shows off her long legs in black mini dress while heading to dinner Dinner at Craig's restaurant  Mars attacks! Pop superstar Bruno confirmed as latest act to play the 2017 Grammy Awards  Bringing his live-wire act to the awards ceremony Who needs Sundance? Denise Richards attends LA premiere of her latest film American Violence  Decided to break the mould  Back to black! Peter Dinklage returns to his dark locks for Rememory premiere at Sundance... after debuting fiery red hairstyle days earlier New couple alert? Nina Dobrev and Glen Powell 'have been seeing each other on the low' E! News have also quoted a rep insisting 'they are good friends' It was a very good year! Rob Kardashian shares compilation video as he toasts 12 months of bliss with his baby mama Blac Chyna Looking back Magic Johnson has 'secret 35-year-old love child he abandoned says woman who claims he had his advisor try and strong-arm her into getting an abortion' Jennifer Lopez looks incredible in all white for World Of Dance photo call...while Jenna Dewan Tatum stands out with bold lipstick She's from the block  Iggy Azalea's rumored new beau LJay Currie appears to be wearing the diamond ring her ex-boyfriend French Montana previously bought her Who brings instruments to an a capella fight? Ruby Rose fronts a ROCK BAND in behind the scenes video shared from Pitch Perfect 3 'I don't think she was ready for all of that attention': Army soldier, 29, opens up about dance with Melania Trump First Lady dance partner Baggy lady! Kelly Rowland dons two over-sized wintry outfits for chat show appearances in New York Loose-fitting looks EXCLUSIVE: Ice queen Tonya Harding smokes a cigarette and sips some coffee in her Mickey Mouse PJs outside battered Washington home Meghan Markle is reunited with her on-screen fiance as Suits airs for first time since her relationship with Prince Harry went public EXCLUSIVE: Tom Cruise partied on the deck of Scientology's ship but ex member claims was punished at age 16 for not sexually satisfying her husband Shock split! Scarlett Johansson emerges without her wedding ring after 'secretly ending two-year marriage to Frenchman Romain Dauriac' On-the-go: Sofia Vergara wolfs down a snack in between takes while on set for Modern Family In between takes whilst filming the ABC sitcom  Boys' night out! Lamar Odom flashes his silver grillz as he enjoys a night out in West Hollywood post-rehab Lamar Odom was seen beaming on Tuesday  Taking the lead! Sophia Ecclestone, two, takes her pet pooch for a walk... as doting mum Tamara shows off her $10.8k personalized designer bag Leo DiCaprio's girlfriend Nina Agdal goes topless in racy Sports Illustrated Swimsuit photo shoot  She is a seasoned veteran of the magazine  Bryce Dallas Howard cuts a trim figure in clinging black patterned dress while heading to appearance in New York The 35-year-old looked every bit the A-list star AnnaSophia Robb goes make-up free as she steps out with a mystery man in New York City Not the usual trappings of famous actresses  Melania Trump is hiring a team to help her fight back against social media attacks from the likes of Chelsea Handler  Insiders say Marvel at the mini Minogues! Kylie shares adorable Australia Day flashback as sister Dannii joins in posting a retro photo of her own Australian treasures  'Don't let Donald Trump find out': Ellen Pompeo jokes she doesn't want new US President to know she's 'practicing fake medicine' on Grey's Anatomy It's Margot Roo-bie: Australian star posts home as Sophie Monk, Skye Wheatley, Roxy Jacenko and stars share sunny Australia Day posts  'She was a pioneer on television and will be so missed': Carol Burnett leads tributes to Mary Tyler Moore after TV icon dies at 80  Comedic legend 'You've left a legacy that I don't think will be matched in my lifetime': Christine Anu pens moving letter to her 'role model' Michelle Obama Made a name for herself  Television icon Mary Tyler Moore dies aged 80 after 'being on a respirator for more than a week at a Connecticut hospital' Beloved star  Pucker up! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell share steamy kisses during romantic getaway together in Milan All over each other  'I was at a breaking point': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie talks bridal shower botch and failed marriage to Mike Shay Opened up  Natural beauty: Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her fabulous figure in a field to protest Donald Trump's plans to advance oil pipelines Instagram snap New mom Peta Murgatroyd pumps breast milk while her glam squad does her hair and make-up for new secret project DWTS star  Show Me What You Got! Jay Z looks engrossed at Sundance premiere of Time: The Kalief Browder Story The Show Me What You Got star  'Are you really gonna marry this guy?' Bryan Tanaka confront Mariah Carey about James Packer engagement on season finale of Mariah's World Elle Fanning dons a suit while Michelle Monaghan flashes skin in sheer top for Sundance Film Festival premiere of Sidney Hall Striking looks Frances Bean Cobain asks judge to order estranged ex to return her father Kurt's guitar worth millions The Nirvana frontman's lefty six-string 'Put through hell': Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa allegedly 'joked about raping' estranged wife Christina on set Another explosive allegation  Glee! Lea Michele beams while stepping out in a pair of sexy knee-high boots in NYC She wore a revealing gold trimmed black dress  Lap of luxury: Kylie Jenner shares selfie in $800 hoodie on Instagram before giving tour of new Mercedes and Rolls Royce She is 19 'I'm ready to move on from sex scenes': Dakota Johnson reveals hopes for 'completely opposite' projects after end of steamy Fifty Shades franchise Sarah Palin's reality show gets the chop before making it to air because she's no Judge Judy and 'doesn't resonate' because she has no legal training  Talk about sibling rivalry! Sisters Venus, 36, and Serena Williams, 35, will play EACH OTHER for Australian Open title after both turned back the clock Ricky Martin slashes the price of his Upper East Side condo to $7.1M... as he plans his Las Vegas residency it went up for sale in October for $8.4M Jacqui Ritchie cuts a seriously chic figure as she and husband Guy put on a loved-up display at luxury gym bash Arriving at the grand-opening  Stylish in stripes! Kelly Osbourne jets out of LA rocking skintight black denim with a wide brimmed hat She was spotted at LAX airport  G is for Gigi! Ms Hadid slips into personalized hoodie and sports nerd glasses to pick up art supplies in NYC She went for a casual look Today's headlines Most Read The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's... Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after... 'We all know what that means': Trump's 'extreme vetting' measures deny visas and immigration to terrorists,... Florida teacher is found not guilty of murder after shooting dead her out-of-control ex-husband who pinned... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump mocks BBC's political editor after 'unbelievably crass'... KATIE HOPKINS: Even Laura, the little killjoy from the BBC, couldn't ruin Donald and Theresa's DC love-in.... Boeing secures $2.1BILLION Pentagon contract for US Air Force order of 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft  Team Trump makes embarrassing gaffe by spelling PM's name 'Teresa' THREE TIMES in press release Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg slams Trump order to bar foreign aid to health clinics that offer abortions The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new... I believe in torture – but my Pentagon boss doesn't: Trump says Mad Dog Mattis will not order waterboarding... Trump orders a ‘great rebuilding’ of the military during Pentagon visit following report of new arms to... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with Theresa as he declares 'great days lie ahead' and... Frames around the country that are supposed to feature President Trump's official portrait have been left... 'You are selfish and spineless': Daughter of disgraced Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich hits out at Obama... Don't call me Mad Dog, call me Jim: Pentagon chief tries to ditch his Marines nickname (but says he still... As President Trump lavished Theresa May with compliments, was that a Jane Austen blush on the Prime... Holy guacamole! Mexican minister warns Donald Trump will drive up the price of avocados Trump fires latest shot in Mexico standoff by saying southern neighbor has 'taken advantage' of U.S. – then... Trump hails vote fraud campaign run by Texan grandfather who boasts it has evidence of 3 million illegals... Staff at Mar-a-Lago are being inundated with angry callers venting their rage against Trump  First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to... 'As far as we're aware, Cold War was long dead': Russian Embassy in UK trolls Theresa May with a POEM after... Hillary Clinton could have received 835,000 votes from non-citizens, political scientist who authored... Donald Trump will publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and will hire 10,000... Kellyanne Conway slams press for 'snarky comments' and 'eye-rolls' as she blasts 'individuals who call... Donald Trump could be the new Margaret Thatcher because he's going to destroy the Left, Newt Gingrich says  Trump says he hopes to have a 'fantastic' relationship with Putin - who he's due to talk to tomorrow - but... MORE HEADLINES Settling in nicely! Ivanka Trump shares bedtime snap of baby Theodore in his brand new bedroom at the family's Washington DC home  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow World January 17, 2017 9:21 pm Updated: January 18, 2017 5:04 pm Fugitive wanted in Orlando officer’s fatal shooting captured By Staff The Associated Press WATCH: Man accused of killing an Orlando police officer outside a Walmart is in custody Tuesday evening after a nine day massive manhunt. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen ORLANDO, Fla. – A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. READ MORE: Police hunt for suspect after Orlando cop fatally shot outside a Walmart Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted, “Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs.” We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD ICustody. Details to come. Media: stand by for details on press conference. pic.twitter.com/SVjFUEvNak — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Before Clayton’s shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. WATCH: Suspected gunman in fatal Florida cop shooting captured While at the Wal-Mart store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he filed multiple shots at her. She was wearing body armour, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Investigators found clothing belonging to Loyd that suggested Clayton returned fire after she was shot but that a bulletproof vest protected the suspect. Markeith Loyd was wearing body armor when he was apprehended. And had these guns in his possession. pic.twitter.com/T0AfzZibmA Story continues below — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy’s SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff’s office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff’s Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a “committed” officer and “a hero” who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” the chief said. A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighbourhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Debra Clayton Markeith Loyd Orlando Orlando Police Department Orlando police shooting Police Shooting Walmart police shooting Editor's Picks Canada Booze, jobs, infrastructure: How a new internal trade deal could affect Canadians Politics Ottawa has paid out $3.7 billion (so far) to end public service perk Canada Trudeau says his message on oilsands 'phase out' echoes Stephen Harper's Politics Donald Trump believes millions of Americans voted illegally: Here are the facts Canada Renee was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, depression and agoraphobia. Here’s how she got help Commentary Time for Canada to hit Trump with the strategic schmooze reserve Politics Here’s why the picture of Donald Trump’s inauguration did not undersell crowd size FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Student asks Justin Trudeau why his father gave western Canada 'the middle finger' 78646 ‘Big Bang Theory’ star Mayim Bialik, Madeleine Albright promise to join Trump’s Muslim registry 72129 Kevin O’Leary tears up while revealing his family’s input on his conservative party leadership 38048 Justin Trudeau to protesters: 'Allow me to continue my answer' 29982 Stand with Mexico or Donald Trump will turn on Canada, says former Mexican congressman 18632 Sponsored content Popular Videos Toronto Public Health confirms norovirus at Humber College North Campus WATCH NOW Great White shark photo-bombs 10-year-old’s surfing picture WATCH NOW Brazen ATV thefts prompt Moncton dealerships to step up security WATCH NOW Confrontation with parking employee posted online WATCH NOW Edmonton soccer coach charged with sexual offences WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe From the editor Keeping journalism alive begins with you. If you don't subscribe to The Seattle Times, we invite you to do so today. Business Economy Wal-Mart joins other companies touting jobs growth before Trump inauguration Originally published January 17, 2017 at 5:39 pm Wal-Mart said it will add 10,000 retail jobs as it opens and expands stores this year, though that growth is far smaller than in many previous years. Share story By Molly Smith Bloomberg News Wal-Mart Stores’ slowdown in opening new stores — part of an effort to cope with sluggish brick-and-mortar sales — is now being touted as a growth plan. On Tuesday, the company announced its intention to open, expand or relocate 59 Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations this year. While that adds 10,000 retail jobs, the expansion is far smaller than in many previous years and would increase its head count by less than 1 percent in the U.S. Wal-Mart said it plans $6.8 billion in U.S. capital spending, including the construction of stores and distribution centers, though it previously announced that number last year. Those building projects will generate an estimated 24,000 construction jobs this year, the company said. Wal-Mart faces pressure to show that it’s creating U.S. jobs before Friday’s inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump, who has made the issue a signature of his campaign. Most Read Stories Seattle ‘won’t be bullied,’ will fight Trump’s sanctuary-city order, mayor says Seattle cop’s son killed after trying to stop car prowler in Sammamish  VIEW For thousands, light rail could be the only way through downtown Seattle next year What does Trump’s action on sanctuary cities mean for Seattle? Here’s what we know Seahawks assistant head coach for defense Rocky Seto leaves team to enter ministryUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. “Trump is not afraid to get out in the press and tweet,” said Brian Yarbrough, an analyst at Edward Jones. “This is another sign of them trying to get out in front of things.” Wal-Mart joins many of the largest U.S. businesses in boasting about job creation. General Motors announced a $1 billion investment plan on Tuesday, though those efforts involving new models and plant updates have been long in the works. The nation’s top automaker said it will add or retain about 7,000 salaried and hourly workers, including almost 2,000 in domestic factories. Last week, Amazon.com vowed to hire more than 100,000 people in the U.S. in the next 18 months. Trump saluted GM and Wal-Mart in a tweet on Tuesday, thanking them for “starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!” But when Wal-Mart originally announced its capital-spending plan in October, it was characterized as a slowdown of new-store openings. Wal-Mart “plans to slow new-store openings, while increasing investments in e-commerce, technology, store remodels and other customer initiatives,” the company said at the time. Publicity aside, Wal-Mart doesn’t really need to add a bunch of new stores, Yarbrough said. “Opening more supercenters to me is probably the wrong avenue,” he said. “If e-commerce becomes as big as everyone thinks it’s going to be, you’re not going to need 3,800 retail and discount stores across the U.S. When you have that many, do you really need to open more?” Molly Smith Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Seoul court begins reviewing arrest of Samsung heir Previous Story Business group: China preparing to retaliate on trade Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
null
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Business Wal-Mart opens training center for new managers in Airway Heights UPDATED: TUESDAY, JAN. 17, 2017, 11:07 P.M. Wal-Mart associates celebrate the end of their training program Tuesday in Airway Heights. (Photo courtesy of Wal-Mart) Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS Wal-Mart has opened a facility in Airway Heights to train entry-level managers from around the region. The center can train up to 90 people at a time, though most of the classes will have about 15 members, said Kristen Wilkinson, senior director with the Wal-Mart U.S. Academy team. The managers will go through two weeks of classes to prepare them for their new duties. Wal-Mart plans to open 200 of the new training centers by the end of the year, Wilkinson said. The Airway Heights facility is a 2,500-square-foot modular building on the parking lot of the existing Wal-Mart at 1221 S. Hayford Road. It will draw trainees from Eastern Washington, Oregon and North Idaho. The first class of trainees graduated Tuesday. Walmart also has awarded $365,000 to Washington State University for research related to recycling waste cotton through spinning techniques. The grant comes from the company’s U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund. Becky Kramer Updated: Jan. 17, 2017, 11:07 p.m.  Tags: Airway Heights, business, walmart, Washington State University Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Edmonton LIVE Edmonton More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Edmonton Law firm considers class-action suit against Walmart for allegedly selling wildfire-contaminated food ‘Whether you have symptoms or not, many of the contaminants are carcinogenic.’ By David Thurton, CBC News Posted: Jan 17, 2017 5:16 PM MT Last Updated: Jan 17, 2017 5:16 PM MT Charges laid under the Public Health Act allege that Walmart Canada failed to ensure that food that had been contaminated the May 2016 wildfire was not stocked or sold at its outlet in downtown Fort McMurray. (Joe Raedle/Getty Images) David Thurton David Thurton is CBC's mobile journalist in Fort McMurray. He's worked for CBC in the Maritimes & in Canada's Arctic. Email: david.thurton@cbc.ca Twitter: @CBCDavid A law firm is testing the waters to see if there's interest among Fort McMurray residents who may have bought wildfire-contaminated food from the downtown Walmart. Calgary-based Higgerty Law announced Saturday on its website that it may launch a class-action lawsuit on behalf of Fort McMurray customers who have purchased contaminated food in the weeks after the wildfire. The law firm is asking people impacted to complete an online questionnaire. "Whether you have symptoms or not, many of the contaminants are carcinogenic," the post reads. "So even though they won't affect you immediately they could put you at higher risk of cancer later, if taken over a course of time." Fort McMurray Walmart customers react to charges of selling wildfire-contaminated food Walmart faces 174 charges related to sale of fire-contaminated food Walmart Canada and four of its senior managers face 174 charges under the Alberta Public Health Act related to the sale of food contaminated during the wildfire, which engulfed the city last May. A 31-page charge sheet alleges the store sold various contaminated food items, ranging from chocolate bars to bacon and chicken. The charges also allege that Walmart Canada failed to ensure that food that had been contaminated or was unfit for human consumption in the wake of the wildfire was not stocked or sold at its location in downtown Fort McMurray. Four additional charges allege that Walmart lied to public health inspectors by saying it was not selling food that had been contaminated in the fire. A look inside Fort McMurray's Walmart on June 8, 2016, days after residents returned to the city following the wildfire. (Radio-Canada) Before residents were allowed to re-enter the city after the wildfire, health officials repeatedly advised residents and businesses to throw out any food products not stored safely in cans and tins. Higgerty Law's general counsel, Clint Docken, said a handful of customers have already contacted the law firm. "We have talked to people that have suffered some health issues," Docken said in an interview. "Which they are blaming on groceries that they purchased in Walmart." Walmart accused of selling contaminated food after Alberta wildfire2:05 Alex Robertson, Walmart Canada's senior director of corporate affairs, reiterated a statement the company issued on Friday. "We, at all material times, and during an unprecedented crisis, worked very closely with both food inspectors and the crisis management team of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo to re-open the store as soon as reasonably possible in an effort to support and meet the critical needs of the community" he said. Walmart said the company follows strict procedures to ensure customer safety. Follow David Thurton, CBC's Fort McMurray correspondent, on Facebook, Twitter and via email. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Saturday Cloudy 8°C Sunday A mix of sun and cloud 6°C Monday Sunny -3°C Tuesday Sunny -10°C Wednesday Sunny -12°C More Weather | | Latest Edmonton News Headlines 'You better watch your back': Edmonton freelance photographer fielding death threats Controversial concrete barriers in Belgravia intersection coming down Man killed in targeted Saddle Lake shooting, RCMP say 'Seriously?': Edmonton police issue $465 ticket for cracked driver's licence 'Smooth like 60-grit sandpaper': HGTV couple talks renovations together video Edmonton Index Promos Edmonton Catholic school board reinstates school fees Sudden death of Edmonton homeless artist leads to outpouring of grief 'In the lion's den': Trudeau defends oilsands statements at Calgary town hall Want winter tires on your rental car? Good luck Top News Headlines 'I don't know how we can protect the victims': Domestic violence penalties rolled back in Russia 'Closing the door': Trump bars all Syrian refugees from entering the U.S. Do you recognize this Canadian WWII soldier? Belgian woman makes final push to find her father read comments Air Miles quietly devalues some points, shocks collectors read comments Struggling HMV Canada goes into receivership Most Viewed 'Seriously?': Edmonton police issue $465 ticket for cracked driver's licence Travis Vader files notice of appeal two days after life sentence handed down 'You better watch your back': Edmonton freelance photographer fielding death threats Only in Canada? Toboggan hill closures protested with crazy carpets Hunter facing charge after 4 moose shot on rural Alberta property Edmonton soccer coach faces child-sex charges Former Edmonton junior high student recalls nightmare of being bullied at school Man killed in targeted Saddle Lake shooting, RCMP say 'Smooth like 60-grit sandpaper': HGTV couple talks renovations together Don't Miss Luggage mangled on Air Canada flight 'looked like it was out of a war zone' Post-fire construction boom in Fort McMurray expected to surpass height of oilsands frenzy Video Red Deer man punches cougar at Tim Hortons to save dog YEAR IN REVIEW Edmonton's best restaurants 2016 Exclusive Son caught Edmonton mother fatally stabbing her daughter, police sources say Video Syrian family's arrival at Edmonton airport becomes music jam session Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Presented by In Association With Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies Deutsche Bank signs $7.2 billion deal with US over risky mortgages Nigeria bombs refugee camp instead of Boko Haram extremists, kills over 100 Business Standard Walmart, GM reaffirms long planned jobs, Trump says thanks And Hyundai Motor said it plans to increase investment in US by 50% to $3.1 billion over five years Reuters  January 18, 2017 Last Updated at 04:59 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USfHmC ALSO READ After Trump's criticism, General Motors to announce $1 bn in US investment GM invests in Mexico as Ford absorbs blows from Trump After rebuking Trump, China to now target US automaker for monopolistic behaviour Scuttled Ford plant has Mexico fearing more under Donald Trump Hyundai Motor to boost US investment by 50% as automakers respond to Trump Walmart Stores Inc and General Motors Co on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding US jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 US jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticised US companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more US workers. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US!" Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet, he said, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the US (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." Announcements by Walmart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total US workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer and US seeds company Monsanto Co also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 US jobs and add 3,000 new US high-tech positions. Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech US jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp, and United Technologies Corp have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut US jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the US market to lift their US investment. Hyundai Motor Group said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 per cent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant. Not New Both Walmart and GM's new US job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Walmart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 per cent of its US workforce, this year as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its US factories and move some production from Mexico — moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 US workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement "continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement" between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. Walmart has been letting thousands of US employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. GM has also announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories in recent months. Most of Walmart's 10,000 new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores that will be opened in the financial year beginning in February. The retailer opened 130 stores in the current fiscal year.     (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Additional reporting by Joe White in Detroit, Georgina Prodhan in Frankfurt, Karl Plume in Chicago and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Matthew Lewis) Read More On Walmart | General Motors | Ge | Hyundai Motor | Ford | Donald Trump | Trump PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? Walmart, GM reaffirms long planned jobs, Trump says thanks And Hyundai Motor said it plans to increase investment in US by 50% to $3.1 billion over five years And Hyundai Motor said it plans to increase investment in the US by 50% to $3.1 billion over five years Walmart Stores Inc and General Motors Co on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding US jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 US jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticised US companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more US workers. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US!" Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet, he said, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the US (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." Announcements by Walmart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total US workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer and US seeds company Monsanto Co also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 US jobs and add 3,000 new US high-tech positions. Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech US jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp, and United Technologies Corp have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut US jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the US market to lift their US investment. Hyundai Motor Group said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 per cent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant. Not New Both Walmart and GM's new US job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Walmart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 per cent of its US workforce, this year as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its US factories and move some production from Mexico — moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 US workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement "continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement" between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. Walmart has been letting thousands of US employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. GM has also announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories in recent months. Most of Walmart's 10,000 new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores that will be opened in the financial year beginning in February. The retailer opened 130 stores in the current fiscal year.     (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Additional reporting by Joe White in Detroit, Georgina Prodhan in Frankfurt, Karl Plume in Chicago and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Matthew Lewis) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Walmart, GM reaffirms long planned jobs, Trump says thanks And Hyundai Motor said it plans to increase investment in US by 50% to $3.1 billion over five years Walmart Stores Inc and General Motors Co on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding US jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 US jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticised US companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more US workers. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US!" Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet, he said, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the US (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." Announcements by Walmart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total US workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer and US seeds company Monsanto Co also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 US jobs and add 3,000 new US high-tech positions. Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech US jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp, and United Technologies Corp have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut US jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the US market to lift their US investment. Hyundai Motor Group said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 per cent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant. Not New Both Walmart and GM's new US job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Walmart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 per cent of its US workforce, this year as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its US factories and move some production from Mexico — moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 US workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement "continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement" between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. Walmart has been letting thousands of US employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. GM has also announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories in recent months. Most of Walmart's 10,000 new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores that will be opened in the financial year beginning in February. The retailer opened 130 stores in the current fiscal year.     (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Additional reporting by Joe White in Detroit, Georgina Prodhan in Frankfurt, Karl Plume in Chicago and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Matthew Lewis) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Break♦ing 9♦1♦1 (noun): Newly Received Information About an Event That Is Currently Occurring or Developing. Home contact us News Tips For Your Entertainment Good News Stupid People Stupid Criminals Weird news Funny news People & Culture Animals Celebrities Election 2016 Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Jeb Bush Rand Paul Scott Walker Gay Pride / Marriage Gun Control Illegal Immigration Police LAPD NYPD Officer Shot Politics Bad News Car Accidents Cyber Attacks Domestic Violence Child Abuse Drug Busts Gangs Guns Iran Natural Disasters and Weather Police Brutality Racism Terrorism ISIS Violent Crime VIDEOS Viral Videos ISIS Videos HOME CONTACT US NEWS TIPS January 17, 2017 | 7:18 PM CAPTURED: Alleged Orlando Cop Killer Is In Custody January 17, 2017 | 7:18 PM Home » BREAKING NEWS » CAPTURED: Alleged Orlando Cop Killer Is In Custody BREAKING NEWS January 17, 2017 UPDATE: Suspect Markeith Loyd is in custody, Orlando police announce. More to come… Schools were locked down, roads closed and two law enforcement officers died near Orlando, Florida, Monday, as a month-long hunt for a murder suspect closed in and turned violent. Accused of killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month, Markeith D. Loyd shot Sgt. Debra Clayton multiple times when she confronted him outside a Walmart near the Pine Hills area, police said. That wasn’t the end of the violence: A sheriff’s deputy was struck and killed by a sport-utility vehicle while responding to the shooting, and another deputy took fire while trying to stop Loyd’s presumed getaway vehicle. Hours later-as hundreds of local, state and federal officers scoured streets and apartment blocks-Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings looked into a bank of TV cameras and urged Loyd to turn himself in. “Otherwise this is going to be a very, very risky operation for all of us,” he said. The mayhem began early in the morning – apparently when a 17-year police veteran went shopping at a Walmart in the Pine Hills area. A witness told ABC affiliate WFTV that Clayton, a married mother of two, was putting her bags in her trunk when a customer walked up and told her a wanted man was inside the store. Police had been looking for Loyd since Dec. 13, the day he allegedly shot and killed his pregnant ex-girlfriend and wounded her brother, according to the Orlando Sentinel. He was considered armed and dangerous, even then. Clayton turned back toward the Walmart just as the suspect walked out, James Herman told WFTV. “I heard her tell him: Stop,” Herman said. “He shot her down and he took off running.” The suspect fired backward as he ran, the witness said. Clayton was shot twice in the chest and once in the abdomen, WFTV reported. Her heart stopped in the ambulance on the way to the hospital. Paramedics briefly revived her, but a flag-covered gurney was later wheeled out of a hospital as police officers lined up to salute it. “Oh God!!!” Orlando commissioner Regina Hill wrote on Facebook. “Please pray for my OPD Liaison. She’s been shot down in Pinehills.” In the early scramble for the suspect, an Orange County sheriff’s deputy on a motorcycle was struck by a vehicle. “He squeezed my hand. His arm was going cold,” a witness who tried to save the deputy told WFTV. “I thought he was going to make it.” The deputy died of his injuries. His name was being withheld until his family is notified. Another deputy spotted a speeding vehicle that matched the description of Loyd’s, and made a U-turn to pursue it, Sheriff Jerry Demings said at a news conference. The driver opened fire, the sheriff said, hitting the deputy’s vehicle but not harming him. According to WFTV, Loyd allegedly carjacked a vehicle and escaped again. Large swaths of the Pine Hills area were cordoned off as officers hunted for Loyd. After several hours, the Orlando Sentinel reported that SWAT police had surrounded an apartment and were calling Loyd out – rifles ready and helicopters circling. “He will be brought to justice,” Orlando Police Chief John Mina told reporters at the news conference. “I can assure the community of that.” But more hours passed with no sign of Loyd, as the searchers roved across the city. A reward for his capture was increased to $60,000, and authorities warned that anyone helping him hide would be prosecuted. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared an official day of mourning. Florida Gov. Rick Scott prayed. City officials and law enforcement officers wept openly in front of TV cameras. Clayton was one of the first officers who responded to the Pulse nightclub shooting in June, arriving minutes after 911 calls came in about shots fired, according to police records. The Orlando officer appears to be the first law enforcement official fatally shot this year. Her death comes after a year that saw a surge in the number of law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty, a toll pushed upward by an increase in deadly shootings and ambush attacks. These shootings included high-profile attacks in Dallas and Baton Rouge that left a combined eight officers dead, ambushes that rattled law enforcement officers nationwide at a time of tension between police and the communities they serve. Although statistics show a steep drop in the number of line-of-duty deaths since the 1970s, officers and others in law enforcement have said in recent years that they are increasingly on edge amid protests against how police use deadly force and concerned about the public perception of police. Others have expressed concern about antigovernment attackers targeting law enforcement officers and the number of guns available on the streets. Last year, 65 police officers were killed in shootings, up from 41 the year before, according to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, a nonprofit group that monitors line-of-duty deaths. Gunfire was the common factor in nearly half of the 136 law enforcement deaths in 2016, according to the National Law Enforcement Memorial Fund, the highest percentage in more than two decades. Before 2016, it was more common in recent years for officers to die in traffic accidents than shootings. Ambushes were behind an unusually high share of these deaths, with nearly 1 in 3 officers fatally shot in such an attack. The surge in officers killed by gunfire last year was the largest on record, up 56 percent over the previous year, according to data from the memorial fund. (c) 2017, The Washington Post · Avi Selk, Mark Berman - #breaking now LIVE: President Trump Holds Joint Press Conference With UK PM Theresa May 0 Comments 38794 Views Melania Trump is on the cover of Vanity Fair Mexico Melania Trump’s first glossy magazine cover as first lady is on Vanity Fair Mexico – but the timing (just… 0 Comments 52174 Views WATCH LIVE: March For Life 2017 Rally ALL TIMES EST: 11:45 a.m. Musical Opening with Transform DJs 12:00 p.m. Rally Program 1:00 p.m. March up Constitution… 0 Comments 26476 Views March for Life: Thousands assemble at Washington Monument Thousands of abortion opponents began gathering in cold, blustery weather at the Washington Monument Friday for the annual March… 0 Comments 85573 Views Draft executive order shows how Trump wants to grow the U.S. military significantly The Trump administration has drafted an executive order stating the president will significantly grow the U.S. military, spending money… 0 Comments 76115 Views Trump says Mexico ‘has taken advantage’ of U.S. amid trade clash The chaos surrounding U.S. and Mexico relations continued Friday, pushing the countries closer to a trade war that threatens… 0 Comments 29054 Views All-Stars? Nah. Here is the NBA All-Snub Team. And Joel Embiid leads the way. Thursday night, 14 players found out they’ll be representing the Eastern and Western Conferences at the All-Star Game next… 0 Comments 26322 Views Miami-Dade abandons “sanctuary” status one day after Trump’s crackdown Mayors of cities across the nation sounded off Thursday in defiance of President Donald Trump’s executive order aimed at… 0 Comments 31671 Views #connect Never Miss Breaking News - Follow Breaking911 Follow us on Facebook likes Follow us on Twitter 172,025 followers #trending Miami-Dade Mayor Complies With Pres. Trump, Effectively Ending ‘Sanctuary City’ Policy comments 1140824 Views SHERIFF: Florida middle school students arrested after plotting Columbine-style mass shooting comments 551070 Views 15 Official Vehicles Stolen From State Dept. comments 511986 Views Ex-gang member ‘executed’ after Obama commutes sentence comments 487817 Views AMBER ALERT: Police Search For Missing Toddler In ‘Grave Danger’ comments 443438 Views ‘Not race. Not gender. Just American’: 3 Trump supporters leave black waitress a $450 tip comments 428728 Views Secret Service Aware Of Video Showing Teacher Shouting Die While Shooting Trump With Water Gun comments 368478 Views White House press secretary says border wall will be funded by 20 percent import tax on Mexican goods comments 366012 Views LEAKED: Draft executive order would begin ‘extreme vetting’ of immigrants, visitors to U.S. comments 323934 Views The Doomsday Clock Just Advanced Again: It’s now 2-and-a-half minutes to ‘midnight.’ comments 277928 Views U.S. Border Patrol Chief Resigns After Only 6 Months on the Job comments 270878 Views A former model starved to death, but not from anorexia comments 243427 Views [related_posts_by_tax]
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wal-Mart to boost US job count by 10,000 USA TODAY Adam Shell 1/17/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks Click to expand Replay Video Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos Shel Kaphan, who joined Amazon in 1994, had no idea the company would become a success. CNBC Boeing unveils new spacesuit design Boeing unveiled its new spacesuit on Wednesday. The new suit is around 40% lighter than previous suits and features a wide polycarbonate visor. It is designed to be used inside Boeing’s Starliner capsule, which is set to launch in 2018. The Wall Street Journal. Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor A converted missile silo in an undisclosed location in Kansas provides bunker units for super rich buyers. CNBC SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Walmart to boost U.S. job count by 10,000 USA TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos CNBC 0:52 Boeing unveils new spacesuit design The Wall Street Journal. 1:17 Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor CNBC 2:53 The obstacles Trump faces with the border wall CBS News 2:39 10 best jobs in America in 2017, according to Glassdoor TheWrap 1:09 Best Kirkland products to buy at Costco Kiplinger 1:07 How soon will Congress move on tax reform, health care? Bloomberg 5:27 What the Dow topping 20,000 really means The Washington Post 1:45 Elon Musk's 'boring' new business idea could help L.A. traffic Newsy 0:58 The least livable cities in the world Seeker 3:54 Trump-backer Peter Thiel just became a New Zealand citizen CNBC 0:31 The next possible gun industry sales boom: Suppresors CNN Money 2:54 After Trump's TPP withdrawal, what's next for US trade deals? The Wall Street Journal. 3:00 Dutch CEO strapped himself to a windmill to make this announcement Newsy 0:41 Trump gives hope to these small business owners Fox Business 3:44 Bond markets get French election jitters Reuters 1:34 UP NEXT Retail giant Walmart said Tuesday that it will create 10,000 new retail jobs in the U.S. this year, the latest American company to promote its domestic-focused hiring and investment ahead of Friday's transfer of power from President Obama to president-elect Donald Trump. Trump, of course, won the White House partly on his "America First" focus. The new Walmart hires will work at new soon-to-be-opened stores, expanded existing stores and e-commerce services, the company said Tuesday. In addition, Walmart said an estimated 24,000 construction jobs will support its plans to open new stores and remodel existing ones. "With a presence in thousands of communities and a vast supplier network, we know we can play an important role in supporting and creating American jobs," Dan Bartlett, Walmart's executive vice president for corporate affairs, said in a statement. Walmart (WMT) shares rose 2.2%. The retailer's shares rose nearly 13% in 2016. The low-price retailer, which is well into the second year of its pay increase plan, touts an hourly pay rate ranging from $9 per hour to $24.70 per hour, according to a year-ago press release announcing 2016 pay hikes for associates that went into effect last February. The average wage for full-time workers was $13.38 per hour, and $10.58 per hour, on average, for part-time workers, according to a Walmart press release.  Walmart, which employs 1.5 million U.S. workers, is the latest American company to go on the public relations offensive and emphasize its commitment to U.S. workers since Trump won the presidential election in November. The billionaire businessman has stressed via tweets and public statements his preference for U.S. firms to boost investment and create more jobs in the U.S., rather than set up shop in cheaper locales around the globe. The Trump factor is not lost on Wall Street pros. "Companies (are) getting in front of the shape of things to come, and that is Trump will think USA first at all times; so politics matter to these companies," says Gary Kaltbaum, president of Kaltbaum Capital Management. "Politically, it puts them 'in favor' with the new administration while creating jobs here." The list of companies stressing their commitment to the U.S. is growing. Auto giant General Motors, for example, announced Tuesday that it will invest an additional $1 billion in U.S. manufacturing, on top of the $21 billion it has invested in U.S. operations since 2009. In a statement, GM said a "combination of 1,500 new and retained jobs are tied to the new investments." The moves by Walmart and GM follow last week's announcement by online retail giant Amazon.com that it plans on creating more than 100,000 U.S. jobs in the next 18 months. Earlier in January, auto maker Ford said it was canceling plans to build a new plant in Mexico and instead making a $700 million investment in Michigan, creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. Back in November, air conditioner maker Carrier announced a deal to keep roughly 1,000 jobs in Indianapolis after nixing plans to move jobs to Mexico. Walmart's job announcement follows the retailer's decision in January 2016 to announce the closing of 154 poor-performing U.S. stores, which affected 10,000 U.S. workers. Walmart also said Tuesday that it would open 160 new "training Academies around the country" and provide "specialty training" for more than 225,000 of its workers. The retailer also is planning $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the coming fiscal year.  Longer term, Walmart reiterated a commitment made in 2013 to purchase an additional $250 billion in American-made, grown, assembled and sourced products through 2023. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Encouraging signs for Tiger despite missing cut USA TODAY NHL legends say Gordie Howe was the greatest USA TODAY Trump signs executive order to keep 'Islamic terrorists' out of U.S. USA TODAY In Kentucky, Trump order ‘devastating’ to local refugees USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
More Sites Times News Legals Games Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Business Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Business Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested The Christmas Box Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Signup Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Business Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US Associated Press • Jan 17, 2017 at 6:33 PM NEW YORK — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Wal-Mart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Wal-Mart typically announces job plans early in the year, analysts say. Tuesday’s announcement marks the latest in a series of announcements from companies that may want to get into the good graces of President-elect Donald Trump, who will be taking office on Friday and has called out companies for not keeping jobs in the U.S., analysts say. “Everyone is trying to curry favor with the new administration in terms of getting a better corporate tax landscape and gaining favor with the new administration,” said Ken Perkins, president of Retail Metrics LLC, a research firm. General Motors announced plans Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and hire thousands of new white-collar jobs, moves that have been in the works for years but were made public after attacks from Trump. And Amazon.com announced last week that it would add 100,000 full-time jobs over the next 18 months. The increased hiring was tied to already-announced plans to build more distribution centers and other facilities. Amazon said its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to more than 180,000 by the end of this year. By comparison, Wal-Mart employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million in the United States. Trump thanked General Motors and Wal-Mart on Twitter for “starting the big push back in the U.S.” and took credit for bringing jobs “back into the U.S.” However, Wal-Mart store jobs and construction wouldn’t have moved elsewhere anyway. Wal-Mart has been looking to trim costs and expenses as it tries to be more nimble and compete better with Amazon. It announced early last year it would close 154 U.S. store locations, and this summer eliminated 7,000 back-office positions. Other retailers have recently announced store closings and layoffs. Macy’s, for example, is closing nearly 70 stores, cutting 10,000 jobs. Wal-Mart reiterated it plans $6.8 billion in capital investments in the U.S. in the fiscal year that begins Feb. 1. Wal-Mart, which imports a majority of its goods from China and other countries, has been publicizing efforts to bring some of the manufacturing back in the U.S. over the past few years. In 2013, it committed an additional $250 billion in American-made sourced and assembled goods through 2023. It announced Tuesday that the Walmart Foundation, its nonprofit arm, would provide grants to six universities toward innovations in the textile industry. Wal-Mart has 11,593 stores in 28 countries. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based chain saw its online sales improve in the third-quarter and profit beat Wall Street’s expectations. It also raised the low end of its full-year profit outlook. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1927 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Share 179 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-27 Super Bowl 51 Commercials: Coen Brothers Pay Homage To ‘Easy Rider’ In Mercedes-Benz Ad [Video] Entertainment 2017-01-26 ‘Fairy Tail – Dragon Cry’ Movie Artwork And Script Page Reveal Plot? Hand-Drawn Illustrations Suggests Japanese Animated Film May Explore Natsu’s Origin Story Entertainment 2017-01-25 Trailer For Selena Gomez’s Netflix Series ’13 Reasons Why,’ Plus The Netflix Series You’re Missing Entertainment 2017-01-25 Aaron Sorkin’s Embarrassment At ‘Man-Boy’ Donald Trump ‘Exacting Twitter Vengeance’ News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-27 Pence Speaks At March For Life: ‘Life Is Winning’ News 2017-01-27 Insane Clown Posse Set Date For Official Juggalo March On Washington Protesting FBI Gang Designation Opinion 2017-01-27 ‘Torturer And Murderer’ Donna Hylton Women’s March Speech Infuriates Conservatives Over So-Called Liberal Hypocrisy News 2017-01-27 Trump Twitter: Gmail Account Linked Posed Social Media Security Threat To POTUS Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Bill Goldberg Calls AJ Styles, Sasha Banks Bright Stars For Future Of WWE Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Kota Ibushi To Be A Surprise ‘Royal Rumble’ Entrant? Basketball 2017-01-27 NBA Trade Rumors: Knicks’ Carmelo Anthony, Bulls’ Rajon Rondo, And Mavericks’ Andrew Bogut Latest News Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE Rumors: Top Five Rumored ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches That Will Come Out Of Sunday’s ‘Royal Rumble’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Lifestyle 2017-01-16 Kate Middleton’s Ring Becomes More Popular Than Ever! Foreign Buyers Queue To Get Replicas Of The Sapphire Diamond Jewelry Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-26 Planned Parenthood: IUD Insertions Up 900 Percent After Trump’s Election Health 2017-01-22 Heartburn Or Heart Attack — Do You Know When To Seek Help? Health 2017-01-22 2016-2017 Flu Season: Health Experts Expect More Severe Influenza Cases Than Last Year Health 2017-01-22 The One Birth Control Method That’s Cost-Effective And Over The Counter Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-01-27 Facebook And Google Join Fight Against Fake News Sites Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Avengers’ Game Release Date Nearing, ‘The Avengers Project’ To Be Published By Square Enix Science 2017-01-27 Organ Transplant Breakthrough: Scientists Create First Human-Animal Chimera Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Jan. 27, Near Perfect Graviton Forfeit BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Migos To Replace Lady Gaga At Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show? ‘Culture’ Rappers Have Petition Backing The Cause BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Author George RR Martin To Release New Writing In 2017 ‘Book Of Swords’ BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Eddie Redmayne Set To Narrate ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Audiobook BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 ‘Star Wars’ Edits: Mark Hamill Says He Begged George Lucas To Remove Dialogue From ‘A New Hope’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Alleged Cop Killer Markeith Loyd Captured By Police — Loyd Claims ‘They Beat Me Up’ When Being Taken Into Custody News 179 0 0 January 17, 2017 Alleged Cop Killer Markeith Loyd Captured By Police — Loyd Claims ‘They Beat Me Up’ When Being Taken Into Custody Danny Cox After a long manhunt, alleged cop killer Markeith Loyd has been captured by the Orlando Police Department and is now in custody. His capture came late on Tuesday evening after he was said to have “made a mistake” of some kind. Not much is known yet about how exactly he was found and brought into custody. He was indeed arrested and even detained in the handcuffs of the late Lt. Debra Clayton, who Loyd is accused of shooting and killing, but was he beaten up by the police? We’ve got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD ICustody. Details to come. Media: stand by for details on press conference. pic.twitter.com/SVjFUEvNak — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 WESH has confirmed that the manhunt is over for Markeith Loyd who was wanted after allegedly shooting and killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend back in December. Just last week, he allegedly shot and killed Lt. Debra Clayton during a shootout at an Orlando Walmart. As Loyd was being brought into the Orlando Police Department, reporters were on the scene and watching him taken into the building. Reporters began yelling questions at him and asking him what happened, and that was when he yelled back, “They beat me up!” BREAKING: Accused cop killer Markeith Loyd taken into OPD, yelled out “they beat me up.” @WFTV pic.twitter.com/vWzDooKgMV — Lauren Seabrook (@LSeabrookWFTV) January 18, 2017 Anyone watching the video above can see that the left-hand side of Markeith Loyd’s face does look swollen and his eye even appears to be closed. Nothing is known as to how those injuries may have occurred or when he received them. The day of the shooting at the Walmart, the Orlando Police Department offered a reward of $60,000 for any information leading to his arrest. Days later, the reward was raised to $100,000. On Tuesday, the reward was raised again to $125,000, and local news reports state that within six hours of his arrest, a tip came in that led police to his location. Markeith Loyd brought in face bloodied – still had body armor on – yelling they beat me up @WFTV — Martha Sugalski (@MarthaSugalski) January 18, 2017 Here’s a close up picture of Markeith Loyd shortly after his arrest. You can see blood & a swollen eye. #WFTV pic.twitter.com/RSXlzJXcQg — Cuthbert Langley (@CLangleyWFTV) January 18, 2017 Immediately, the internet began reacting to Markeith Loyd’s capture, and it wasn’t necessarily favorable for a man that is accused of shooting and killing an Orlando Police Officer. I’ve seen Markeith’s face. I’m not a doctor, but I think he’s suffering from something known as JUSTICE. #MarkeithLoyd — Nick Dennis (@_NickD) January 18, 2017 Here’s a look at Markeith Loyd as he was taken to @OrlandoPolice HQ. Said, “They beat me up.” I bet they did. pic.twitter.com/O5W5BwIhu0 — Justin Warmoth (@JustinWarmoth) January 18, 2017 Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs. https://t.co/NDzzczUqK6 — Chief John Mina (@ChiefJohnMina) January 18, 2017 Click Orlando reported that Markeith Loyd was taken into custody with very little resistance and that there was “no further bloodshed” in his arrest. Social media is running wild with comments and pictures of Loyd being taken into custody, and the majority of them are focusing on his face. ————————————————————- UPDATE at 8:35 p.m ET: During the press conference by the Orlando Police Department, it was revealed that Markeith Loyd did attempt to flee upon being found at a home. Upon trying to escape out the back, police confronted him, he went back into the home, and then exited out the front. Police state that he resisted arrest and his face was “banged up” a little, but Chief John Mina said, “they look minor to me.” Markeith Loyd did have two handguns in his possession upon being arrested, and one gun had a high-capacity drum which could hold up to 100 rounds. These are the guns Markeith Loyd had in his possession when he was captured. That a high-capacity drum which holds up to 100 rounds. pic.twitter.com/PDOV6XIyFn — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Chief John Mina also stated that it was not a tip that led to the capture of Loyd, but it was simply “great police work.” Over the course of the past month, three people have been accused of helping Markeith Loyd avoid police and evade capture since he allegedly shot and killed 24-year-old Sade Dixon in Pine Hills, Florida. Since then, Zarghee Mayan, one of the people accused of helping him, told police that Loyd has been wearing a bulletproof vest since December. It has been a long week and month as the manhunt has continued on, but there is plenty of relief in Orlando on Tuesday evening as Markeith Loyd has been captured. Chief John Mina just as Markeith Loyd taken into OPD headquarters @WFTV pic.twitter.com/8bUWRKp4c2 — Daralene Jones (@DJonesWFTV) January 18, 2017 After a week-long manhunt for an alleged cop killer, Markeith Loyd has been captured and is currently in the custody of the Orlando Police Department. As for the police officers who took him into custody, they were more than pleased to arrest him and detain him in the handcuffs of the late Lt. Debra Clayton. Now, there is a long road ahead to find out all the information and motive behind these killings which will eventually lead to a trial, but will issues arise over Loyd’s claims that the police beat him up? [Featured Image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Doomsday Clock Moved Closer To Midnight Now Read This: Pence Speaks At March For Life: ‘Life Is Winning’ [Opinion] Share 179 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Danny Cox Tags: debra clayton handcuffs, lt. debra clayton, markeith loy, markeith loyd beat up January 27, 2017 A Dog’s Purpose Review Roundup: Did Controversy Mar Critics’ Opinions? January 26, 2017 ‘Donnie Darko 3’ Release Date Being Planned With Original Director, Could Be Years Away Comments LATEST HEADLINES Vicki Gunvalson And Kelly Dodd Will Reportedly Return To ‘RHOC’ For Season 12 NBA Trade Rumors: DeMarcus Cousins And Paul George To Lakers, D’Angelo Russell And Julius Randle To Kings, Brandon Ingram, Jordan Clarkson, And Nick Young To Pacers Celine Dion Is Coming To ‘The Voice’ As A Mentor For Returning Judge Gwen Stefani [Video] WWE News: Bill Goldberg Calls AJ Styles, Sasha Banks Bright Stars For Future Of WWE No, Mariah Carey Is Not Engaged To Back Up Dancer Bryan Tanaka [Debunked] ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ Director Rian Johnson Reveals Episode VIII’s Unusual Influences Charlotte McKinney Considers Breast Reduction: ‘I Was Called A S**T’ For Large Breasts Kim Kardashian’s Stolen Jewelry Is Rumored To Help Fund Terrorism [Debunked] Kodak Black Sex Tape: Insiders Worry That Explicit Video Live-Streamed To Instagram Could Ruin Rapper’s Career Kylie Jenner Set To Open NYC Pop Up Shop, Release Valentine’s Lip Kits Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories WWE News: The Reason Goldberg’s Head Was Bleeding — What Happened With Goldberg, The Undertaker, And Brock Lesnar After ‘Raw’ Went Off The Air? 26.8k 0 0 Justice Democrats: Cenk Uygur, The Young Turks, Progressives Launch Party Takeover 6.4k 0 0 Jon Voight Accuses Miley Cyrus, Shia LaBeouf Of Treason For Opposing Trump, Calls Women’s March ‘Destructive’ 4.2k 0 0 Six Journalists Face Felony Charges After Covering Inauguration Riots 3.5k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 74.7k 0 0 NFL Rumors: Could The Green Bay Packers Target Alshon Jeffery In Free Agency? 2.4k 0 0 Recent Videos News Israel Plans To Decriminalize Marijuana Politics Mexican President Offers Friendship To U.S., But Not Border Wall News Trump Moving Forward With Mexico Border Wall Politics C.I.A. Black Sites Could Reopen With Trump Executive Order Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News How Markeith Loyd eluded authorities before his capture: A timeline Nephew of Lt. Debra Clayton shocked that Loyd was found in neighborhood Jarvis Grant, nephew of slain officer Lt. Debra Clayton, was shocked that Markeith Loyd was found so close to his home. Jarvis Grant, nephew of slain officer Lt. Debra Clayton, was shocked that Markeith Loyd was found so close to his home. Christal Hayes Contact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Markeith Loyd was captured Tuesday evening, nine days after an Orlando police officer was gunned down.  Loyd is accused of killing Lt. Debra Clayton and shooting at a deputy who chased after him on Monday. A different Orange County Sheriff’s Deputy, Norman Lewis, was killed during the manhunt in a traffic accident. Nearly a month before Clayton was killed and hundreds of law enforcement officers began searching for Loyd, he was accused of killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. OPD officer shot and killed; deputy dies in crash Orlando Police Department Debra Clayton Debra Clayton (Orlando Police Department) After shooting her on Dec. 13, he shot Dixon’s brother numerous times, deputies said. He got away then, too. Since the killings and manhunt began, authorities scoured Central Florida and arrested several people accused of helping the convicted felon elude capture. On Tuesday, the U.S. Marshal Service raised the reward for a tip that led to his capture to $125,000. But even before the most recent slayings, Loyd led a troubled life filled with crime. His extensive criminal history stretches back decades and includes a murder charge in 1995, for which he was never convicted. Here’s a detailed timeline of the intricate case, told in reverse chronological order with the most recent events at the top, showing Loyd’s past and how deputies say he’s evaded law enforcement for weeks: PICTURE GALLERY: See pictures from the arrest of Markeith Loyd. Loyd, 41, was arrested at 7 p.m. in an abandoned house at 1157 Lescot Lane near Raleigh Street, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said at a press conference Tuesday night. Jan. 17 Loyd is captured about 7 p.m. after being tracked to an abandoned house on Lescot Lane near Raleigh Street, police said. He was wearing body armor and had two handguns. At first he tried to run but then dropped the weapons and surrendered, Orlando police Chief John Mina said.  He faces two counts of first-degree murder with a firearm and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm in Dixon and her unborn child's deaths, Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said.  Charges in Clayton's death were not announced. Loyd was hauled into Orlando police headquarters with a bloodied and swollen face, exclaiming to news cameras "They beat me up! They beat me up!" Earlier in the day, police held a press conference to announce the U.S. Marshals Service has added Loyd to its top 15 most-wanted fugitive list. Authorities also released a photo of Loyd with his head shaved, explaining he may have changed his appearance.  PICTURE GALLERY: See pictures from the funeral services for Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy Norman Lewis. Jan. 15 As funeral services were underway for Deputy Norman Lewis, a SWAT team searched an abandoned building at the Rosemont Country Club Apartments.  The neighborhood was shut down as authorities canvas the area.  Loyd was not found.  Jan. 14 Orlando police Chief John Mina promoted Clayton posthumously to the rank of lieutenant during her funeral at First Baptist Orlando. As Clayton was laid to rest, the manhunt for Loyd continued. PICTURE GALLERY: See pictures from the funeral services for Orlando Police Department officer Master Sgt. Debra Clayton. Jan. 13 Crimeline declined an offer to match the $100,000 reward for information on Loyd’s whereabouts, saying they didn’t need it yet. Seminole County tax Collector Joel Greenberg offered to push the reward to $200,000 but Crimeline said the money didn’t seem to be helping track the felon down, even though they receive more than 1,000 tips. Investigators continued searching in Polk County for Loyd. Meanwhile, family, friends and fellow law enforcement officers gathered at the First Baptist Orlando church for a viewing for Clayton. Jan. 12 Authorities searched more than 100 locations for Loyd and broadened the manhunt to include Polk County after authorities discovered he might have family in the Haines City area. Crimeline received more than 800 tips but none of them yielded a location for the felon. Mina offered new details in the case at a press conference, saying officers found Loyd’s clothing and that he was wearing a bulletproof vest at the time of the shooting. Mina also said Loyd fired at Clayton even after she was “defenseless” on the ground. Man arrested on charges of aiding suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. See more videos Jan. 11 Two people accused of helping Loyd avoid capture were arrested. Loyd’s niece, Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter were charged with accessory after the fact to first degree murder in Dixon’s death. According to an arrest affadavit, Smith-Loyd called authorities sometime after Dixon’s death and told them Loyd may have shot Dixon in self-defense. She told them she would try to convince her uncle to give himself up. But then she became uncooperative. Authorities found that she and Slaughter went to Loyd’s old job at New Texas Fried Chicken to pick up his last paycheck and give it to him. Slaughter’s vehicle was also allegedly spotted near the Wal-Mart where Clayton was killed 90 minutes after the incident, the affadavit said. Meanwhile, deputies from Orange and Lake counties looked for Loyd at a home near Bay Lake, a rural area near Groveland. Location in Lake County where authorities searched for Markeith Loyd Orlando Sentinel Orlando Sentinel Jan. 10 As the manhunt for Loyd continued, law enforcement extended their search into Lake County and searched three homes. Meanwhile, the first arrest in the case was made. Zarghee Mayan, Loyd’s former boss, was charged with helping Loyd avoid capture after Dixon’s death. He confessed to giving Loyd food from his restaurant, New Texas Fried Chicken, two days before Clayton’s killing, according to an arrest affidavit. He also told officers he drove Loyd to several locations shortly after Dixon’s killing. Loyd even told him about the murder, records show.   Manhunt continues for suspected police killer Markeith Loyd The manhunt continues Wednesday for suspected police killer Markeith Loyd. The manhunt continues Wednesday for suspected police killer Markeith Loyd. See more videos Jan. 9 Someone who recognized Loyd flagged down Clayton at a Wal-Mart at Princeton Street and North John Young Parkway. She was on-duty, in uniform and wearing body armor, so she called dispatch, then started approached him. Clayton yelled for him to “stop” but instead, he opened fire. She shot back. Later, based on evidence found at the scene, it was discovered that he had been shot. He shot her multiple times, continuing to fire as she fell to the ground. Backup officers who arrived 28 seconds later tried to save Clayton with CPR. She was taken to Orlando Regional Medical Center, where she was pronounced dead at 7:40 a.m. Location of Wal-Mart where Sgt. Debra Clayton was shot Orlando Sentinel l l (Orlando Sentinel) Shortly after A short distance from the Wal-Mart, a captain at the Orange County Sheriff’s Office spotted Loyd near Pine Hills Road and North Lane. Loyd shot at the deputy as he pulled into an apartment complex. He wasn’t injured. Then, officials say Loyd carjacked a vehicle and sped off. He ditched the car near Cinderlane Parkway. A manhunt began. SWAT teams, armored vehicles and a helicopter surrounded the Tradik Brookside apartments on Rosewood Way, near Cinderlane Parkway and Orange Blossom Trail. Residents were forced from their homes as law enforcement broke about a dozen windows and doors in the complex, even using tear gas in the search for Loyd. Deputy Nornan Lewis is involved in a fatal wreck while responding to manhunt Orlando Sentinel Orlando Sentinel 9:45 a.m. Orange County Deputy Norman Lewis was responding to the manhunt while on motorcycle patrol. As he drove down Pine Hills Road, he was hit by a van turning left onto Balboa Drive. He was taken to the hospital where he was pronounced dead, according to the Florida Highway Patrol. Ten minutes later, a second motorcycle deputy was involved in a crash a short distance down Pine Hills Road. He was hospitalized with minor injuries. 6 p.m. Law enforcement pulled out of the Tradik Brookside apartments. Jan. 7 Loyd showed up to the New Texas Fried Chicken and got a free meal from Mayan, records show. Mayan told authorities Loyd was armed and had on a bullet proof vest, an arrest affidavit said. Location of New Texas Fried Chicken restaurant Orlando Sentinel Orlando Sentinel Dec. 17 Slaughter stopped by Loyd’s home on 18th Street, records show. She asked a woman who also lived in the home for rent money since Loyd was wanted by authorities, an arrest affidavit said. The pair started arguing and one of them threatened to “jump” the other, an incident report stated. The Orange County Sheriff’s Office was called to investigate. No arrests were made. Slaughter told authorities she went to the apartment to kick out the current tenants for not paying rent and not to collect money. Sometime around this date, Loyd allegedly stopped by a relative’s home while Slaughter was there and he said “law enforcement would have to kill him before he went back to prison,” an arrest affidavit said. Dec. 15 An arrest warrant was issued for Loyd on allegations he was not complying with terms of his probation. Dec. 14 Detectives with the Orange County Sheriff’s Office issued a warrant for Loyd’s arrest in Sade Dixon’s death. Location where Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend is shot Orlando Sentinel Orlando Sentinel Dec. 13 Dixon, 24, was found lying near the front door of her home in west Orange County just after 9 p.m. She’d been shot. Her brother, Ronald Stewart, was found lying nearby and had also been shot numerous times. He was taken the hospital in critical condition. Deputies who responded tried giving Dixon CPR but it was too late. She was pronounced dead at the scene. Witnesses told deputies Dixon’s ex-boyfriend fled in an older model red Buick Regal. That led law enforcement to Markeith Loyd. They got a warrant for his arrest the following day. Later that night After Dixon was killed, Loyd met Mayan at New Texas Fried Chicken restaurant at 400 South Orange Blossom Trail. Mayan drove Loyd to a house either on Lee Road or Jackson Street then to another home in the Richmond Heights neighborhood, where Loyd’s estranged wife lives, an arrest affidavit said. Loyd told Mayan to knock on the front door but he instead walked up then turned back to his vehicle. He told authorities he believes Loyd was planning to shoot the woman next. As they were driving, Loyd admitted to Mayan he shot Dixon and said he would be sending someone to pick up his last paycheck, an affidavit said.   Markeith Loyd's Facebook Live video talks about killing cops David Harris Broadcast on Facebook Live on Nov. 4, Sade Dixon and Markeith Loyd sat in their car during a traffic stop when the conversation turned to killing cops and to his driving. "Go ahead and kill him, babe, so we can get home faster," Dixon said, apparently joking about the officer. "Then we ain't never... Broadcast on Facebook Live on Nov. 4, Sade Dixon and Markeith Loyd sat in their car during a traffic stop when the conversation turned to killing cops and to his driving. "Go ahead and kill him, babe, so we can get home faster," Dixon said, apparently joking about the officer. "Then we ain't never... (David Harris) Dec. 12 Loyd posted to his Facebook, “...when you talk about street legends mention ME!!!!! Me!!!!” Nov. 30 Loyd posted to Facebook, “Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted...” The post was one of dozens that showed Loyd’s life of partying, lifting weights and disparaging women. He regularly posed live videos that included him partying at a strip club. Another talked about him killing cops during a traffic stop. But another showed him reading in bed with Dixon and even hearing the heartbeat of his unborn child during a sonogram. Oct. 2015 Loyd’s wife, Lacarsha Robinson, filed a domestic injunction against Loyd on Oct. 26, alleging over the last seven months he had pushed her down the stairs, hit her, kicked her and broke one of her ribs, court records show. In the injunction, she also claimed Loyd shot her in the leg but she didn’t call authorities because she was afraid, explaining he threatened “he would kill my kids and family. I am in danger and fear of my life,” court records show. “He said he is not scared of the police and he would kill them,” she wrote in the injunction. Three days later, Oct. 29, Loyd filed an injunction against Robinson, claiming she punched him in the face because she thought he was seeing someone else, the injunction states. Loyd said his wife was clumsy and the injuries she noted were her own fault because she “hurts herself when she drinks by falling or whatever,” the injunction said. He also claimed she was threatening him so he packed up and left their home. Both injunctions were voluntarily dismissed. April 2015 Loyd and Robinson get their marriage certificate.   Markeith Loyd: Orlando police shooting suspect has long criminal history Mary Shanklin Markeith Loyd, the man accused of killing an Orlando police officer Monday morning and shooting his pregnant ex-girlfriend to death last month, has a long criminal record. Court records show decades of criminal activity, including cocaine trafficking, battery on a corrections officer and domestic... Markeith Loyd, the man accused of killing an Orlando police officer Monday morning and shooting his pregnant ex-girlfriend to death last month, has a long criminal record. Court records show decades of criminal activity, including cocaine trafficking, battery on a corrections officer and domestic... (Mary Shanklin) 2014 In July, Loyd is released from federal prison after serving time for two cocaine charges, records show. He is placed on five years probation after release. 2002 Loyd was in the Orange County Jail when Corrections Officer Elana Pierce filed charges against him for battery. Pierce stated she asked him to get off the phone for mealtime, but he refused. When she instructed him to turn around to be handcuffed, he “got into an aggressive stance, he swing toward my face, which was blocked by my right arm, which was struck,” arrest records show. The charges were dropped, court records show. 1999 While serving time in state prison, Loyd was found guilty in federal court on two cocaine charges. He was sentenced to 12 and 1/2 years behind bars. 1998 In January, Loyd was sentenced to four years and 15 days in state prison for battery on a law enforcement officer or firefighter and resisting arrest with violence, Florida Department of Corrections records show. He was released about four years later, then served time in federal court. 1995 Loyd and three others were charged in the death of Keith Hall on Nov. 17, 1995. The 24-year-old victim had been shot several times at his home on East Wallace Street near Oak Ridge Road. Investigators said the killers wanted drugs from Hall. The charges were dropped after their prime witness, a 15-year-old girl, said she had lied about key information. The information was an important link between the men and Hall’s death, prosecutors said. chayes@orlandosentinel.com, @Journo_Christal or 407-420-5493 Caption Teens planned 'mass shooting' at Central Florida middle school Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Caption Teens planned 'mass shooting' at Central Florida middle school Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Two teens were arrested Thursday after being accused of planning a Columbine-style attack at The Villages Charter middle school, according to the Sumter County Sheriff’s Office.  Caption Police seek Baldwin Park armed robbery suspects Orlando police are looking for three people accused of approaching a woman sitting on her Corrine Drive porch Monday and robbing her of a computer, cell phone, and purse. Anyone with more information about the case can call Crimeline at 1-800-423-8477. Orlando police are looking for three people accused of approaching a woman sitting on her Corrine Drive porch Monday and robbing her of a computer, cell phone, and purse. Anyone with more information about the case can call Crimeline at 1-800-423-8477. Caption What happened to the $125K reward for Markeith Loyd's capture? A Crimeline reward of $125,000 brought in more than 1,400 tips but authorities say it wasn’t a tipster who helped lead them to Loyd’s hideout. A Crimeline reward of $125,000 brought in more than 1,400 tips but authorities say it wasn’t a tipster who helped lead them to Loyd’s hideout. Caption Federal agents raid Los Angeles charter school network A Celerity employee who asked to remain anonymous because of a fear of retaliation said federal agents collected laptops and copied data from computers. (Jan. 26, 2017) A Celerity employee who asked to remain anonymous because of a fear of retaliation said federal agents collected laptops and copied data from computers. (Jan. 26, 2017) Caption Local law enforcement participates in identity theft training Paige Hanson, chief of identity education for LifeLock, talks about training for local law enforcement. Paige Hanson, chief of identity education for LifeLock, talks about training for local law enforcement. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Crime Assault Homicide Shootings Markeith Loyd Law Enforcement Debra Clayton Markeith Loyd arrest: Updates from social media Carver Shores residents relieved Markeith Loyd caught Markeith Loyd arrested: Joy in the bar All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 58°
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB Riverhounds - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Kevin Gorman News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Wal-Mart, GM reaffirm jobs plans Reuters | Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, 9:54 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and General Motors Co. on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 jobs in the country. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more U.S. workers. “Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!” Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet he said, “With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing ‘big stuff.'” Announcements by Wal-Mart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total U.S. workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer and U.S. seeds company Monsanto Co. also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 U.S. jobs and add 3,000 new U.S. high-tech positions. Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech U.S. jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp. and United Technologies Corp. have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target — especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co. on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the U.S. market to lift their U.S. investment. Hyundai Motor Group said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 percent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant. Both Wal-Mart and GM's new U.S. job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Wal-Mart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce, this year as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories and move some production from Mexico — moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 U.S. workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement “continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement” between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. More Business Labor secretary nominee's company outsourced jobs Genes may help grocery tomatoes catch up to heirloom taste Dow blows through 20,000 milestone Huntington Bank parent reports growth in profit Business Gallery — Oct. 16 TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Bed linens filled with mold blamed for deadly crisis in UPMC report Steelers notebook: Report: League will look into Bell injury reporting Expert: 'I would put money' on linens causing UPMC mold outbreak Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Women's march, inauguration protests and crushed Super Bowl dreams (Jan. 17 - Jan. 22) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News World CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video World Photo Galleries Orlando police say man accused of killing officer in custody U.S. Marshals Service had just added Markeith Loyd, 41, to its list of most wanted fugitives The Associated Press Posted: Jan 17, 2017 8:37 PM ET Last Updated: Jan 18, 2017 12:56 AM ET Orlando Police Department officer Debra Clayton, left, was killed in a Walmart parking lot. Police say the suspect Markeith Loyd, right, is now in custody. (Orlando Police Department via Reuters) Orlando officer's flag-draped coffin 0:30 Orlando officer's flag-draped coffin 0:30 Related Stories Orlando officer's flag-draped coffin 'He will be brought to justice': Orlando manhunt continues after police officer killed The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando police Chief John Mina said Markeith Loyd, 41, was flushed out of an abandoned house and taken into custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd with a bloodied face as a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Mina tweeted, "Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs." Massive manhunt continues in Orlando after police officer killed VIDEO Orlando officer's flag-draped coffin Loyd was wearing body armor and carrying two handguns — one equipped with a 100-round magazine — when he surrendered after a SWAT team surrounded the house in western Orlando, Mina said at a news conference. He said Loyd resisted arrest and had some facial injuries that were being treated. Mina denied rumours that the arrest was the result of an anonymous tip, saying that Loyd was captured by the tireless efforts of law enforcement. "They've basically been living in their vehicles, using the bathroom in their vehicles, to try and do everything they could to bring justice for the Dixon family and for the Clayton family," Mina said. Before the officer's shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Clayton had been tipped off that he was in the area while she was at the store and was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs. https://t.co/NDzzczUqK6— @ChiefJohnMina Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said at the news conference that the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. "I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point," Demings said. "They will sleep better knowing tonight that... this maniac is off the streets." Demings said Loyd would be charged with two counts of first-degree murder in Dixon's death last month. Loyd will also face one count of attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm related to the shooting of Dixon's brother and threats against other relatives. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd's ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn't know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to associates of his. "Anyone who harboured, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him," Mina said. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 US reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD ICustody. Details to come. Media: stand by for details on press conference. pic.twitter.com/SVjFUEvNak— @OrlandoPolice © The Associated Press, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Latest Video Trump: 'I think Brexit is going to be a wonderful thing' 0:54 ​Trump: 'I have great respect for Mexico' 1:10 Trump: 'We will see what happens' 0:36 Kellyanne Conway: 'decisive actions' that 'will further this conversation and this cause' 0:09 Most Viewed Trump's 1st week reshapes U.S. relationship with Canada Tax on Mexican imports among a 'buffet of options' to fund border wall: White House read comments Trump overstates inauguration crowd as Women's March appears to draw bigger turnout read comments Trump issues executive orders to build Mexican border wall, freeze out 'sanctuary' cities Trump fulfils 'Day 1' vows with 3 executive orders in preview of agenda reset read comments Trump's 'great wall': How much will it cost? Who's paying? Trump calls protests 'a hallmark of our democracy' in toned-down response to marches read comments 'He wants Americans to love him': Trump biographers on what kind of president he'll be read comments Trump's sweeping executive order bars all Syrian refugees from entering U.S. Defeated Gambian leader Yahya Jammeh made off with government money, luxury cars Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Don't Miss Domestic violence penalties rolled back in Russia Updated Trump's sweeping executive order bars all Syrian refugees from entering U.S. Searching for a Canadian soldier: Belgian woman makes last-ditch effort to find her father Air Miles quietly drops value of some points, angering collectors Struggling HMV Canada goes into receivership Actress who saved man's life at gym says staff, bystanders did nothing GM axing 625 jobs at Ontario plant, shifting some production to Mexico Take my class, Indigenous studies prof tells Manitoba premier after 'racist' comments Trump reaffirms 'unshakable commitment' to NATO, British PM says What Trump has done in his first 7 days as U.S. president 'Like a robot screaming in my ear:' composer spreads the word on sudden deafness UBC, McGill, U of Montreal pull advertisements from Breitbart News Federal government in the red for $12.7B in first eight months of 2016-17 fiscal year A Toronto man is killed in a British town and his grieving family wants answers Nova Scotia's teachers to return to work-to-rule on Monday, says union Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS News UK World Politics Science Entertainment Pictures Investigations Brexit More Telegraph News Suspect in Florida police officer's killing captured after weeklong manhunt Markeith Loyd was arrested over the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store Credit: Reuters Associated Press 18 January 2017 • 2:31am A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured on Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. The Orlando Police Department tweeted on Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the January 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD ICustody. Details to come. Media: stand by for details on press conference. pic.twitter.com/SVjFUEvNak— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted: "Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs." Before Clayton's shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. These are Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs. Markeith Loyd was placed in these when he was arrested. pic.twitter.com/3TKs9nw2lu— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd's ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. Markeith Loyd was wearing body armor when he was apprehended. And had these guns in his possession. pic.twitter.com/T0AfzZibmA— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 While at the Wal-Mart store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the car park and he filed multiple shots at her. She was wearing body armour, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Investigators found clothing belonging to Loyd that suggested Clayton returned fire after she was shot but that a bulletproof vest protected the suspect. OPD @ChiefJohnMina talks about the tradition of putting the fallen officer's handcuffs on their killer. pic.twitter.com/TrkxvEEVL8— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy's SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff's office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff's office said. About the guns in Markeith Loyd's possession: pic.twitter.com/yNO0CQSn3I— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The US Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives on Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Just after Loyd was apprehended, OPD @ChiefJohnMina called Lt. Debra Clayton's husband to tell him the news. pic.twitter.com/7Q84szDHDK— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Clayton, 42, was a "committed" officer and "a hero" who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. "She was always the first to step up and help kids," the chief said. A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. "She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community," Rolon said. Follow Telegraph News READ MORE ABOUT: USA Crime Guns in the USA Police Show more News latest 28 Jan 2017, 12:49am Anger as Melania Trump featured on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover amid crisis over border wall 28 Jan 2017, 12:23am English Heritage faces High Court battle over plans to dig underneath medieval tower to add visitor centre 27 Jan 2017, 11:56pm Big game-hunting Harley Street doctor jailed after faking invoices worth almost £200,000  27 Jan 2017, 11:42pm 'Look what happens when Melania dances with a Hispanic' 27 Jan 2017, 11:33pm Berlin mayor pleads with Donald Trump not to build wall with Mexico 27 Jan 2017, 11:22pm Who will Donald Trump nominate for the Supreme Court? Runners and riders 27 Jan 2017, 11:07pm Donald Trump announces vetting measures to 'keep terrorists out of the United States' 27 Jan 2017, 10:59pm Who is Nikki Haley, America's next ambassador to the United Nations? 18:10 27 Jan 2017, 10:48pm Live Donald Trump tells Theresa May: 'Brexit is going to be a wonderful thing for your country' as two leaders hold hands at White House 01:25 27 Jan 2017, 10:45pm When is Chinese New Year 2017 - the year of the Rooster? 27 Jan 2017, 10:20pm Theresa May and Donald Trump prove opposites can attract as UK and US leaders usher in new era of special relationship  27 Jan 2017, 10:00pm 'Serious public debate' needed on soldier mercy killings, Frederick Forsyth says 27 Jan 2017, 10:00pm Stressed GPs to be offered therapy to prevent burnout as pressures mount 27 Jan 2017, 9:52pm Vladimir Putin summons top advisors ahead of call with Donald Trump  Gallery 27 Jan 2017, 9:43pm Gallery: Celebrity Big Brother 2017: Jedward join James Jordan and Callum Best in the house 27 Jan 2017, 9:40pm 'We are taking names': Donald Trump's ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley warns opponents of US policy 27 Jan 2017, 9:30pm Prince Charles complains Brexit 'obsession' has stifled debate on Christian persecution 27 Jan 2017, 9:30pm Mystery death of ex-KGB chief linked to MI6 spy's dossier on Donald Trump 27 Jan 2017, 9:00pm Government sat on database of 270,000 scam victims for two years without helping them 27 Jan 2017, 8:45pm Comment: No, £146 per patient is not enough: it’s time for GPs to charge fees Prit Buttar 27 Jan 2017, 8:34pm Comment: Theresa May and Donald Trump confer legitimacy on each other Tim Stanley Premium If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2017 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Fugitive wanted in Orlando officer's fatal shooting captured orlando.jpg This undated file photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd, a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. (Orlando Police Department via AP, File) Print Email The Associated Press By The Associated Press The Associated Press on January 17, 2017 at 8:18 PM, updated January 17, 2017 at 8:49 PM comments ORLANDO, Fla. -- A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night (Jan. 17) that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted, "Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs." Before Clayton's shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd's ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. While at the Wal-Mart store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he filed multiple shots at her. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Investigators found clothing belonging to Loyd that suggested Clayton returned fire after she was shot but that a bulletproof vest protected the suspect. A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy's SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff's office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff's office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a "committed" officer and "a hero" who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. "She was always the first to step up and help kids," the chief said. follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr special report The New Orleans Gun Pipeline An exploration of the complex, violent ecosystem that keeps New Orleans criminals armed. Follow continuing coverage » Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries 2016 murder count 0 Latest Incident: 2016 map of N.O homicides Active Discussions About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 39° F Broken Clouds Hi: 45° F Lo: 33° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Florida airport shooting suspect indicted on 22 counts Updated: 1 min ago A federal grand jury returned a 22-count indictment against the man accused of a shooting rampage at a South Florida airport that left five … Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she’ll vote against Betsy DeVos Updated: 25 mins ago Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she’ll vote against Betsy DeVos, President Donald Trump’s nominee for education secretary. NASA opens exhibit on 50th anniversary of Apollo 1 fire 8:30 pm Groton PD: Known heroin dealer arrested 6:57 pm Second arrest made in murder investigation of TJ Allen 8:15 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 39° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 35° F Wind: W 6 Humidity: 53% Dewpoint: 23° F Sunrise: 7:06 AM Sunset: 5:02 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 39° F Broken Clouds Hi: 45° F Lo: 33° F Police: Fugitive wanted in officer’s fatal shooting captured By Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 9:00 pm Updated: January 18, 2017, 6:27 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Markeith Loyd is escorted out of the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Related Coverage Suspect in fatal shooting of officer has lengthy record Slain Orlando officer responded to Pulse nightclub massacre Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Deputy killed while pursuing Orlando suspect ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted, “Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs.” Before Clayton’s shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. While at the Wal-Mart store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he filed multiple shots at her. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Investigators found clothing belonging to Loyd that suggested Clayton returned fire after she was shot but that a bulletproof vest protected the suspect. A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy’s SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff’s office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff’s Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a “committed” officer and “a hero” who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” the chief said. A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Suspect in Florida officer’s killing released from hospital Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers Deputy killed while pursuing Orlando suspect Suspect in fatal shooting of officer has lengthy record Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Police: Fugitive wanted in officer's fatal shooting captured World by The Associated Press Posted Jan 17, 2017 6:31 pm MST Last Updated Jan 17, 2017 at 9:00 pm MST Orlando police public information officer Sgt. Wanda Miglio updates a wanted poster of Markeith Loyd before a news conference at Orlando Police Department to announce the capture of Loyd, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) ORLANDO, Fla. – The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando police Chief John Mina said Markeith Loyd, 41, was flushed out of an abandoned house and taken into custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd with a bloodied face as a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Mina tweeted, “Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs.” Loyd was wearing body armour and carrying two handguns — one equipped with a 100-round magazine — when he surrendered after a SWAT team surrounded the house in western Orlando, Mina said at a news conference. He said Loyd resisted arrest and had some facial injuries that were being treated. Mina denied rumours that the arrest was the result of an anonymous tip, saying that Loyd was captured by the tireless efforts of law enforcement. “They’ve basically been living in their vehicles, using the bathroom in their vehicles, to try and do everything they could to bring justice for the Dixon family and for the Clayton family,” Mina said. Before the officer’s shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Clayton had been tipped off that he was in the area while she was at the store and was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said at the news conference that the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. “I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point,” Demings said. “They will sleep better knowing tonight that… this maniac is off the streets.” Demings said Loyd would be charged with two counts of first-degree murder in Dixon’s death last month. Loyd will also face one count of attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm related to the shooting of Dixon’s brother and threats against other relatives. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn’t know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to associates of his. “Anyone who harboured, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him,” Mina said. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Next Story Movie Trailers January 27, 2017 to February 2, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray   Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (14A) 3D 7:00pm 3:30pm / 9:45pm A Dog’s Purpose (PG) 3:00pm / 6:15pm / 9:00pm La La Land (PG) 2:50pm / 6:00pm / 9:10pm Split (14A) 3:10pm / 6:30pm / 9:25pm XXX: Return of Xander Cage 3D 9:35pm 3:50pm / 6:45pm   Monster Trucks (PG) 3D 10:10pm     660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Canadian universities pull ads from alt-right news outlet in United States 53 minutes ago Government gives more time to comment on nuclear-waste bunker Jan 27, 2017, 5:26 PM What’s at stake in Trump’s push to rewrite or abandon NAFTA Jan 27, 2017, 5:16 PM Lawyers file appeal for Vader in deaths of missing Alberta couple Jan 27, 2017, 5:14 PM ‘Hamilton’ cast to sing at Super Bowl 51 Jan 27, 2017, 5:11 PM The top 10 songs and albums on the iTunes Store Jan 27, 2017, 5:04 PM N.S. teachers return to work-to-rule amid tussle over purpose of new days off Jan 27, 2017, 12:16 PM Manitoba premier should apologize, educate himself after hunting comments: NDP Jan 27, 2017, 11:56 AM Attempted murder charge laid against 94-year-old in Ontario Jan 27, 2017, 11:52 AM Canadian in U.S. jailed for 4 years over 'pump and dump' penny stock fraud Jan 27, 2017, 11:44 AM Military aircraft crashes in southern Saskatchewan; two pilots safely eject Jan 27, 2017, 11:39 AM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT New tests on river water after coal spill from derailed train near Ashcroft Jan 27, 2017, 11:36 AM Canadian universities pull ads from alt-right news outlet in United States Jan 27, 2017, 8:42 AM Feds say Justice coal cos. owe $4.6M in fines Jan 27, 2017, 8:23 AM New panel reviewing Energy East Pipeline voids past decisions, restarts process Jan 27, 2017, 7:45 AM US business spending rises for 3rd month, boosting factories Jan 27, 2017, 6:32 AM West Coast Bias: The challenge of playing in a Canadian market Jan 27, 2017, 3:24 PM Blue Jays notebook: Stroman’s knee now feeling ‘a lot’ stronger Jan 27, 2017, 12:25 PM NHL All-Star Skills competition breakdown: Who’s competing in each event Jan 27, 2017, 4:04 PM Bettman: Olympics, ‘not even on the agenda’ for BOG Jan 27, 2017, 3:50 PM Raonic withdraws from Davis Cup after injury at Australian Open Jan 27, 2017, 3:15 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Dylan, Muse, among headliners for Firefly Music Festival Jan 27, 2017, 11:28 AM Neil Young to induct Pearl Jam into Rock Hall Jan 27, 2017, 11:19 AM Hip-hop star Drake says he's hosting NBA Awards, wants to return to acting Jan 27, 2017, 11:18 AM Mischa Barton taken to hospital after reports of yelling Jan 27, 2017, 10:07 AM Celine Dion to be adviser on 'The Voice' Jan 27, 2017, 10:07 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
null
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Men Don’t Need Viagra If you Do This Once Daily - Reverses ED For Good Home | Street Talk Tags: 2016 Elections | walmart | trump | gm | jobs Wal-Mart, GM Reaffirm Jobs long Planned, Trump Says Thanks Tuesday, 17 Jan 2017 08:01 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and General Motors Co. on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding U.S. jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. Wal-Mart will add 10,000 jobs this year while GM announced $1 billion in investment that would create 1,500 U.S. jobs. Trump, who takes office on Friday, has repeatedly singled out and criticized U.S. companies across industries for not doing more to keep jobs in the United States and has put pressure on them to hire more U.S. workers. "Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!" Trump said in a tweet on Tuesday reacting to the moves. Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017     Bringing manufacturing back to the United States was a major theme in Trump's presidential campaign. In a separate tweet he said, "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country ... I believe the people are seeing 'big stuff'." Announcements by Wal-Mart and GM come as both companies are cutting jobs in the country, and their hiring, which was planned for some time, represent a small increase in their total U.S. workforce. German drugs and agriculture group Bayer and U.S. seeds company Monsanto Co. also pledged on Tuesday to maintain its more than 9,000 U.S. jobs and add 3,000 new U.S. high-tech positions. . Both companies announced plans to create thousands of high-tech U.S. jobs previously when they announced their merger. Some of America's largest companies including General Motors, Lockheed Martin Corp. and United Technologies Corp. have been publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter. Many others are worried they may be his next target - especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have cut U.S. jobs or raised prices for consumers. Trump's criticism of Ford Motor Co on Twitter turned to praise after the carmaker scrapped a planned Mexican car factory and added 700 jobs in Michigan earlier this month. It has also forced overseas companies that sell in the U.S. market to lift their U.S. investment. Hyundai Motor Group said it plans to increase investment in the United States by 50 percent to $3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant.   NOT NEW Both Wal-Mart and GM's new U.S. job plans are also part of previously announced investment plans. Wal-Mart said it would create 10,000 jobs, equal to less than 1 percent of its U.S. workforce, this year as part of a $6.8 billion capital spending plan announced in October. General Motors said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. factories and move some production from Mexico - moves that would create or retain 1,500 jobs. As of December 2015, it employed 97,000 U.S. workers. GM's announcements also reflected existing plans, not new decisions, company officials and the United Auto Workers union said on Tuesday. The UAW in a statement said the announcement "continues GM investments that have emerged as a result of the 2015 national bargaining agreement" between the union and the automaker. Both companies have also been cutting jobs recently. Wal-Mart has been letting thousands of U.S. employees go so it can focus more on e-commerce and putting more staff on the sales floor. GM has also announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories in recent months. Most of Wal-Mart's 10,000 new employees, including hourly workers, department managers and supervisors, will be in 59 new stores that will be opened in the fiscal year beginning in February. The retailer opened 130 stores in the current fiscal year. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and General Motors Co. on Tuesday became the latest companies to win praise from President-elect Donald Trump for adding U.S. jobs and investment, even though much of their plans were previously announced. walmart, trump, gm, jobs 634 Tuesday, 17 Jan 2017 08:01 PM 2017-01-17 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump to Company Executives: We Think we Can Cut Regulations by 75 Pct Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 107 comments This is what leadership looks like... Lawsuit: Trump Businesses Violate Constitution Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 89 comments Waste time and money. Nonsense. This is what RATs will do... Robert Reich: Here's Why I Don't Think So-Called 'Trump Rally' Will Continue Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 44 comments Do not forget mr.REICH is a FABIAN SOCIALIST ,he is like the Clintons!!... Dow Tops 20,000 as Trump Rally Pushes Higher Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 31 comments Be prepared for O'dumbo and his acolytes to claim this all happened... Mexico President Demands North America Stay Free-Trade Zone Tuesday, 24 Jan 2017 | 31 comments :...humane treatment of Mexican migrant workers....and a coordinated and...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 28° F Overcast Hi: 34° F Lo: 24° F 11 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines Trump’s immigration curbs no surprise, those affected say Updated: 6 mins ago DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Many citizens of Muslim-majority countries affected by President Donald Trump’s curbs on travel to the Un… Alaska volcano erupts again, sending up another ash cloud 8:27 pm ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — A volcano in Alaska’s Aleutian Islands has erupted again, sending a cloud of ash and ice particles 30,000 feet in t… Los Angeles freeway claims 3rd mountain lion in 2 months 8:27 pm Study says grass carp have invaded 3 of the Great Lakes 8:27 pm AP WAS THERE: 50 years ago, AP reported on fatal Apollo fire 8:26 pm Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 28° F Overcast Feels Like: 17° F Wind: W 14 Humidity: 69% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 8:01 AM Sunset: 6:04 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 28° F Overcast Hi: 34° F Lo: 24° F Police: Fugitive wanted in officer’s fatal shooting captured Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 8:47 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FILE- This undated file photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd, a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. (Orlando Police Department via AP, File) ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted, “Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs.” Before Clayton’s shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. While at the Wal-Mart store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he filed multiple shots at her. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Investigators found clothing belonging to Loyd that suggested Clayton returned fire after she was shot but that a bulletproof vest protected the suspect. A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy’s SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff’s office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff’s Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a “committed” officer and “a hero” who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” the chief said. A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Officer dies after shot in Orlando, Deputy dies in vehicle crash Slain Orlando officer responded to Pulse nightclub massacre 2016 in review: Tragic stories that made headlines Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Photo Galleries Heroic actions help two escape Terre Haute apartment fire; victims listed in critical but stable condition Hello Santa! PHOTOS: Items confiscated by TSA Holiday shopping 2016: This year’s most dangerous toys Dec. 13: Snow in the Wabash Valley PHOTOS: Santa’s North Pole home valued at $656,957 Photos: Light Your Way Christmas Parade Go Orange to help support awareness for hunger problems Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Photos: Halloween costumes for 2016 Latest News First human-pig embryos made in transplant research “From Womb to Tomb,” local group joins nationwide march Fire crews fight blaze in Brazil Search for cause of ‘suspicious’ Vermillion Fairground fire continues Wabash Valley county no longer number one in unemployment Two Terre Haute women busted on prostitution charges Thousands of rounds of ammo made fighting Edgar County fire impossible Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2017 Terre Haute TV, LLC . All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 27th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Police: Fugitive wanted in officer’s fatal shooting captured Poll In light of recent local cases, are there too many delays in the judicial process? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By The Associated Press on January 17, 2017. FILE- This undated file photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd, a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. (Orlando Police Department via AP, File) ORLANDO, Fla. – A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted, “Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs.” Before Clayton’s shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. While at the Wal-Mart store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he filed multiple shots at her. She was wearing body armour, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Investigators found clothing belonging to Loyd that suggested Clayton returned fire after she was shot but that a bulletproof vest protected the suspect. A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy’s SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff’s office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff’s Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a “committed” officer and “a hero” who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” the chief said. A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighbourhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
null
null
January 27, 2017 | 80° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Top News Police: Fugitive wanted in officer’s fatal shooting captured Associated Press Posted January 17, 2017 January 17, 2017 Updated January 17, 2017 3:58pm ASSOCIATED PRESS Markeith Loyd has been the focus of a weeklong manhunt since Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed in a Wal-Mart parking lot. ORLANDO, Fla. >> A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted, “Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs.” Before Clayton’s shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. While at the Wal-Mart store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he filed multiple shots at her. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Investigators found clothing belonging to Loyd that suggested Clayton returned fire after she was shot but that a bulletproof vest protected the suspect. A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy’s SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff’s office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff’s Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a “committed” officer and “a hero” who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” the chief said. A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Body found on side of H-1 westbound in Kalihi ‘Peace’ woman jumps to soothe, delight by waving along Pali DOE deputy Stephen Schatz accepts UH position In Trump’s White House, a day of confusion and change Prosecutor: Businessman invokes Trump in attack on Muslim airline employee 6 comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. Keonigohan says: January 17, 2017 at 2:57 pm Will O send Loretta Lynch down there to see if Markeith Loyd’s Civil Rights were violated? Log in to Reply llpof says: January 17, 2017 at 4:24 pm Why make such a comment? Do you know what it reveals about you? Sad. Very sad. Log in to Reply TigerEye says: January 17, 2017 at 5:13 pm Oh c’mon this is a guy who probably looks in the mirror every day, calls the beer belly a “six pack” and describes the baggy, slightly cross eyed gaze bouncing back at him as “piercing.” His daily SA droppings are doubtless similarly an ambrosia to his senses. Log in to Reply Keonigohan says: January 17, 2017 at 5:48 pm My comment is awaiting moderation. @ lipof & TigerEye Wow! You guys are so sensitive…is it because of the Election Shocking Shellacking you guys took on the noggin?! Don’t worry be happy…3 days to #MAGA klastri says: January 17, 2017 at 6:59 pm llpof – It doesn’t reveal anything new about him – that’s for sure. He’s a proud racist, and we’ve all known that for quite a while. He also enjoys thinking that his juvenile and ridiculous comments bother people with a brain. That’s not true, of course. We understand – well – that he’s ignorant and pathetic. I, and others, just feel sorry for him. Log in to Reply reamesr1 says: January 18, 2017 at 5:24 am HIS CRIME SPREE IS IN A STATE THAT HAS A DEATH PENALTY. KILL THE BAS*ARD. Log in to Reply Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
BellaNaija Inspired! Home News Features Events Music Movies & TV Style Beauty Weddings Career Relationships Living Inspired! Francisca Olopade: Live Inexpensively 17.01.2017 at 6:00 pm By Francisca Olopade 13 Comments Living Inexpensively is my life mantra. Since I can remember, I never like to pay full price for anything. Below, I am going to be sharing some tips and advice on how to live life without breaking the bank. I like to find coupons, discounts on things before I buy them. I am signed up with coupon sites like groupon, living social, and retailmenot where I search for coupon codes before I shop online or in a store. These sites have coupons for almost any store/website you are looking to shop at/on. Ebates (www.ebates.com) gives cash back on all purchases made through their site. This is a great way to earn money back on money you are going to spend anyway. (I have gotten as much as $150 back in the past). Some apps also help to save money. I use a couple of apps that give discounts on purchases or allows me to rack up points I can redeem later. Examples of these kinds of apps are below: Shop kick: You get points for walking into designated stores (like target and old navy) and also scanning items in the store and then you can redeem those points for gift cards. Wan-Mart savings catcher app: Wal-Mart will give you cash back if they find that any other store has any item you purchased from them cheaper. Target cartwheel app: This app gives you perk points every time you shop at target (you have to scan your app barcode when checking out). You can then redeem your perk points for different free items in the store. The app also posts daily discounts on specific items, which is awesome. Ibotta: This app allows shoppers earn real money for shopping. You search through the different offers in the product gallery and choose the ones you want to purchase. Once any of these items are purchased from ibotta partners (like Wal-Mart) cash is deposited into your account, which can be turned into gift cards. Gas Buddy: This app lets you find the cheapest gas price closest to you. This saves time and money when you are trying to purchase the lowest priced gasoline. Hotel Tonight: This is an international app that allows you to find incredibly low prices on last minute hotel bookings. They have 24 hr. customer service, which is great for emergencies. Furthermore, I shop at stores where I can accrue points for buying. Examples of such stores include Agaci clothing store, Children’s Place, Kohl’s and Express. I also sign up with stores so as to get email and text coupons from them: I clip coupons from newspapers and magazines and I am also learning the art of couponing (you can follow the crazy coupon lady on Facebook to learn extreme couponing). Haven said all these; I tell people everyday that there is so much money that is constantly left on the table. We just have to make conscious effort as a people to search for these discounts. Why should you pay full price for something when you can pay a percentage of that amount? What do you do when you have extra money lying around? So after getting all these discounts and deals, what should you do with the extra money you have sitting in your account? YOU SAVE! We all need savings in order to survive a job loss, tough times, unexpected family situations and any economic recession. It is always a great idea to have some money put aside. I personally use some saving apps and bank accounts to save and I will be talking about them below: Digit Savings App: is an app that’s linked to your checking account that studies your spending habit and then automatically finds small amounts of money that is not spent and saves it for you. This allows you to save without even thinking about it. All personal information is safe and access to your funds is easy, you just simply text “withdraw” within the app and your money is sent back to your linked checking account. Capitalone360: this is an entirely online savings account that you can link to your checking account and have a particular amount go in there every time you get paid. It is easy to set up and there is no need to go into the bank for anything. You also don’t need a bankcard to operate it. Withdrawal takes about 3 days, which discourages withdrawing money all willy-nilly. I also have my savings account that is attached my checking account at my bank. I have it set up where a portion of my paycheck goes in there automatically every payday. With this account, I made sure my banker removed it from my account view online so I’m not tempted to see how much I have in there. This has worked perfectly for me so far and sometimes I forget that I have it there. In conclusion, if you don’t have to spend all that money then don’t! There are so many money saving apps out there that can do all the work for you. I have given you some examples here that I use personally but you can do some more research on your own and get the app that works best for your lifestyle. Let us make 2017 the year to live inexpensively ☺ Photo Credit: Monkey Business Images | Dreamstime.com About Francisca Olopade My name is Francisca Olopade. I’m married with children and I love living inexpensively and everything about travel. I’m God loving, I am a teacher by day, I love to watch movies, try different cuisines and travel at any given opportunity. If you would love to be part of this movement, you can join my Facebook group (living inexpensively). You can also visit my blog at www.livinginexpensively.com and follow me on instagram and twitter @livinginexpensively love this + Comment  13 Tagged With: Francisca Olopade, Shopping inexpensively, Thrift ShoppingFiled Under: Features, Inspired! Related Posts « Slim Girl Founder Juliana Richards Gives Away Free Sanitary Pads to 1,000 Girls in Nigeria “I Did Not Kill My Husband” Wife speaks out in case of Nigerian-American Military Veteran assasinated in Imo » 13 Comments on Francisca Olopade: Live Inexpensively LEM January 17, 2017 at 8:18 pm Ok this is really great but I am guessing most of these points are not applicable for people in Naija, no? Love this! 25 Reply Francisca Olopade January 18, 2017 at 1:36 am Unfortunately this is only applicable to US Residents 🙁 Love this! 8 Reply Kayode Olopade January 18, 2017 at 2:51 am You can’t get points in Nigeria and neither can you use coupon but u can visit several stores selling the same item and purchase from the one with cheaper price. Several stores also do price match from other stores. There’s always power in cash item. Love this! 4 Reply Me January 19, 2017 at 1:31 am There are several stores in Nigeria (at least in Lagos) that now have loyalty cards. They give you points when you make purchases. these points add up to cash back that you can use to buy stuff too. I guess when more stores catch on, prices may become more competitive. Love this! 1 Tell me January 17, 2017 at 9:51 pm Cheap skate! (I kid) Love this! 7 Reply Francisca Olopade January 18, 2017 at 1:36 am Thank you 🙂 Love this! 2 Reply Tosin January 18, 2017 at 1:19 am Me and sensible spending — tight friends. Oya do the Naija version of this article abeg 🙂 Love this! 12 Reply Francisca Olopade January 18, 2017 at 1:44 am that will be hard because i don’t live in Nigeria but i will see what i can do 🙂 Love this! 1 Reply “changing moniker” January 18, 2017 at 5:12 am Good article. Love this! 2 Reply Francisca Olopade January 18, 2017 at 5:00 pm Thank you! Love this! 1 Reply aj January 18, 2017 at 7:57 am I don’t like using coupons in grocery stores! the only time I use coupons is during online shopping…I go to retailmenot.com. Love this! 2 Reply Francisca Olopade January 18, 2017 at 5:02 pm Well…to each his/her own but you can save money if you do…since you like using coupons online, retailmenot is great but also sign up on ebates.com to get cash back on money you are spending! Love this! 2 Reply Manny January 18, 2017 at 10:49 pm A lot of grocery stores allow you to clip coupons to your loyalty card eg Safeway, Giant. Walgreens too Love this! 2 Reply Post a comment Name Email Website Cancel reply Recently Osayi Emokpae Lasisi: 7 Lessons from President Trump That You Can Implement in Your Business BN Beauty: Heading Out Tonight? Watch Dimma Umeh’s Super Easy Tutorial for a “Quick Glam” Look “We advice the general public to tread with caution and desist from transacting any business with him” – Five Star Music releases Official Statement on Allegations of HarrySong’s Arrest #BBNaija – Day 5: Kemen & Uriel share a heart-to-heart + What’s the tea on Tboss & Miyonse’s relationship? OAP Maria Okanrende Releases New Photos as she Launches her Official Website! MicoStar Mall – The Safest Way To Shop Abroad From Nigeria Need an Affordable Hotel in Victoria Island? Choose Cotton Suites For Wedding and Proposal Rings, Call 08094945645, BB PIN: Egemsng or Whatsapp 08062229354‎ Delicious authentic Chinese dishes in an eloquent setting at Sinoni Abuja Subscribe to BN via Email! Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Recent Comments fleur on “It’s not enough for us to protest…it is important for us to join governance” – Actress & Politician Funke Adesiyan says to 2Baba Duchess Maria on From Walking Down the University Hostel to the Aisle! #BBNWonderland Eguono Avon and Ejiro have the Cutest College Sweetheart Story Mz Socially Awkward.... on #ThrowbackThursday: What Was Your Favourite Cartoon Growing Up? Kate on “We advice the general public to tread with caution and desist from transacting any business with him” – Five Star Music releases Official Statement on Allegations of HarrySong’s Arrest Ewa Ali on BN TV: Are You Settling for Less? Watch Episode 17 of Dolapo Oni’s “So You Wanna Get Married” with Guests Kehinde Adewole, Kanyin Adio-Moses & Yomi Black © 2017 Bella Naija. All rights reserved | About Us | The Team | Copyright | Terms And Conditions | Privacy Policy MENU Home News Features Events Music Movies & TV Style Beauty Weddings Career Relationships Living Inspired! Custom Search
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, January 28, 2017 10:17 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money General Motors to invest additional US$1b in US Wednesday January 18, 2017 08:06 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Apple’s Siri faces fierce battle with Amazon’s Alexa The Edit: Michelle Williams teams up with Jonah Hill for ‘Mid-90s’ Malala says ‘heartbroken’ over Trump’s plan for refugees Trump doubles down feud, says Mexico ‘has taken advantage’ of US Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A Cadillac Escalade passes through a final inspection point at the General Motors Assembly Plant in Arlington, Texas July 22, 2015. — Reuters pic WASHINGTON, Jan 18 — General Motors Co yesterday confirmed it will invest an additional US$1 billion (RM4.46 billion) in its US factories in 2017 and will move some parts production from Mexico to the United States that was previously handled by a supplier. The investments are in addition to the US$2.9 billion the automaker announced last year, GM said. GM and other automakers have been sharply criticized by Republican US President-elect Donald Trump for building vehicles in Mexico that are imported into the United States. Trump will be sworn in on Friday. GM said the US$1 billion investment will create or retain 1,500 jobs. The Detroit automaker said details of individual projects will be announced throughout the year. “Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US,” Trump tweeted, referring as well to Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s announcement that it will hire 10,000 US workers in 2017 as part of a plan previously announced by the discount retailer. GM also said it will begin work on bringing axle production for its next generation of full-size pickup trucks, including work previously done in Mexico, to operations in Michigan, creating 450 US jobs. The part was previously built by American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc. American Axle did not immediately respond to a request for comment. GM spokeswoman Joanne Krell said the automaker planned to add 7,000 new US jobs over the next two to three years. Krell said the decisions being announced “had been in the works for some time” but she added “the timing was good for us to share what we are doing.” The 7,000 figure includes the 450 jobs on axle production, 1,500 jobs tied to the US$1 billion announcement and more than 5,000 new jobs tied to engineering, GM Financial and advanced technology. GM in 2014 announced it was investing US$5 billion in Mexico and doubling production capacity by 2018. GM said last week it had no plans to cancel Mexican investments despite Trump pressure. GM said it had added about 6,000 US jobs, consisting of 4,000 hourly and 2,000 salaried positions, since the end of 2015 for a total American workforce of 103,000. Since GM’s bankruptcy restructuring in 2009, when it had 77,000 US employees, it has added more than 25,000 jobs as it boosted production, acquired an auto finance company and brought information technology work in house. The United Auto Workers union said GM’s new investments “have emerged as a result of the 2015” contract with the union. GM shares slightly rose in midday trading, up 0.6 per cent, or US$0.23 per share, to US$37.57. Big stuff  Trump, who made bringing back manufacturing to the United States a large part of his successful election campaign, has been touting recent automaker investments in the United States. “With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the US (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing “big stuff,” Trump said in a pair of tweets. Trump has been inaccurate in describing some US auto investments, wrongly saying last week that Fiat Chrysler was planning to build a new factory in the United States. The company announced it is investing US$1 billion in two existing plants, adding 2,000 jobs. On January 3, Trump threatened to impose a “big border tax” on GM for making some of its Chevrolet Cruze compacts in Mexico - and he has extended that threat to German automakers like BMW AG and Toyota Motor Corp over building vehicles abroad. Separately, Hyundai Motor Group said Tuesday in South Korea that it plans to boost US investment by 50 per cent to US$3.1 billion over five years and may build a new plant in the United States. Hyundai Motor Co and Kia Motors Corp , which make up the Hyundai Motor Group, have not been directly criticized by Trump but they may have felt vulnerable because among major brands, they have one of the lowest ratios of cars built in the United States to cars sold. GM also said an unnamed supplier has committed to make components for GM’s next-generation full-size pickup trucks in Michigan, moving 100 supplier jobs from Mexico to the United States. But even as GM invests in US plants, it has also been making job cuts. In recent months, the company announced plans to lay off about 3,300 employees at three factories. It said in November it would cut about 2,000 jobs when it ends the third shift at its Lordstown, Ohio, and Lansing, Michigan, plants in January. Last month, it said it planned to cancel the second shift and cut nearly 1,300 jobs from its Detroit-Hamtramck assembly plant in March. GM’s “general plan is to build where we sell, and we’re focused on what we’re doing in the United States,” chief executive Mary Barra said in an interview with Reuters on Monday. Barra, who said she planned to attend Trump’s inauguration, said GM wants to work with him, adding, “I do believe we have more in common than we have areas that we aren’t aligned.” — Reuters                 MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Stocks slip on earnings, data; dollar advances Microsoft’s market value tops US$500b again after 17 years US economy posts slowest growth since 2011 Ringgit ends lower against US dollar Trump pulls US out of Pacific trade deal, loosening Asia ties (VIDEO) US dollar slides near seven-week lows on fading Trump trade Saudi Aramco shelves plans for RAPID venture with Petronas, source says Ringgit to trade softer against US dollar next week At some Singapore suburban malls, retailers confront the sound of silence Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Alexa versus Siri Reutes Video: Miss Universe’s preliminary show starts in Manila Reuters Video: Ryan Gosling brings ‘La La Land’ to Tokyo Reuters Video: Mexicans build makeshift wall around US embassy in Trump protest Reuters Video: President Trump, Melania share 'first dance' Reuters Video: Marketing experts on how best to spend money, time, energy in 2017 Related Articles UN tiptoes around Trump’s stance on torture Ringgit ends lower against US dollar Putin, Trump reportedly schedule first chat Texas Muslims voice concerns after inflammatory survey and forum Bantah ‘dasar anti-Muslim’ Trump, pelakon Islam boikot Oscar (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Login Florida Weekly Home Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Get Email Edition For local news delivered via email enter address here: Profile Mobile Tablet !!Date!! Editions: Fort Myers Naples Charlotte County Palm Beach Bonita Springs Babcock Ranch Key West January 25, 2017January 18, 2017January 11, 2017January 4, 2017December 28, 2016December 21, 2016December 14, 2016December 7, 2016November 30, 2016November 23, 2016November 16, 2016November 9, 2016November 2, 2016October 26, 2016October 19, 2016October 12, 2016October 5, 2016September 28, 2016September 21, 2016September 14, 2016September 7, 2016August 31, 2016August 24, 2016August 17, 2016August 10, 2016August 3, 2016July 27, 2016July 20, 2016July 13, 2016July 6, 2016June 29, 2016June 22, 2016June 15, 2016June 8, 2016June 1, 2016May 25, 2016May 18, 2016May 11, 2016May 4, 2016April 27, 2016April 20, 2016April 13, 2016April 6, 2016March 30, 2016March 23, 2016March 16, 2016March 9, 2016March 2, 2016February 24, 2016February 17, 2016February 10, 2016February 3, 2016January 27, 2016January 20, 2016January 13, 2016January 6, 2016December 30, 2015December 23, 2015December 16, 2015December 9, 2015December 2, 2015November 25, 2015November 18, 2015November 11, 2015November 4, 2015October 28, 2015October 21, 2015October 14, 2015October 7, 2015September 30, 2015September 23, 2015September 16, 2015September 9, 2015September 2, 2015August 26, 2015August 19, 2015August 12, 2015August 5, 2015July 29, 2015July 22, 2015July 15, 2015July 8, 2015July 1, 2015June 24, 2015June 17, 2015June 10, 2015June 3, 2015May 27, 2015May 20, 2015May 13, 2015May 6, 2015April 29, 2015April 22, 2015April 15, 2015April 8, 2015April 1, 2015March 25, 2015March 18, 2015March 11, 2015March 4, 2015February 25, 2015February 18, 2015February 11, 2015February 4, 2015January 28, 2015January 21, 2015January 14, 2015January 7, 2015December 31, 2014December 24, 2014December 17, 2014December 10, 2014December 3, 2014November 26, 2014November 19, 2014November 12, 2014November 5, 2014October 29, 2014October 22, 2014October 15, 2014October 8, 2014October 1, 2014September 24, 2014September 17, 2014September 10, 2014September 3, 2014August 27, 2014August 20, 2014August 13, 2014August 6, 2014July 30, 2014July 23, 2014July 16, 2014July 9, 2014July 2, 2014June 25, 2014June 18, 2014June 11, 2014June 4, 2014May 28, 2014May 21, 2014May 14, 2014May 7, 2014April 30, 2014April 23, 2014April 16, 2014April 9, 2014April 2, 2014March 26, 2014March 19, 2014March 12, 2014March 5, 2014February 26, 2014February 19, 2014February 12, 2014February 5, 2014January 29, 2014January 22, 2014January 15, 2014January 8, 2014January 1, 2014December 25, 2013December 18, 2013December 11, 2013December 4, 2013November 27, 2013November 20, 2013November 13, 2013November 6, 2013October 30, 2013October 23, 2013October 16, 2013October 9, 2013October 2, 2013September 25, 2013September 18, 2013September 11, 2013September 4, 2013August 28, 2013August 21, 2013August 14, 2013August 7, 2013July 31, 2013July 24, 2013July 17, 2013July 10, 2013July 3, 2013June 26, 2013June 19, 2013June 12, 2013June 5, 2013May 29, 2013May 22, 2013May 15, 2013May 8, 2013May 1, 2013April 24, 2013April 17, 2013April 10, 2013April 3, 2013March 27, 2013March 20, 2013March 13, 2013March 6, 2013February 27, 2013February 20, 2013February 13, 2013February 6, 2013January 30, 2013January 23, 2013January 16, 2013January 9, 2013January 2, 2013December 26, 2012December 19, 2012December 12, 2012December 5, 2012November 28, 2012November 21, 2012November 14, 2012November 7, 2012October 31, 2012October 24, 2012October 17, 2012October 10, 2012October 3, 2012September 26, 2012September 19, 2012September 12, 2012September 5, 2012August 29, 2012August 22, 2012August 15, 2012August 8, 2012August 1, 2012July 25, 2012July 18, 2012July 11, 2012July 4, 2012June 27, 2012June 20, 2012June 13, 2012June 6, 2012May 30, 2012May 23, 2012May 16, 2012May 9, 2012May 2, 2012April 25, 2012April 18, 2012April 11, 2012April 4, 2012March 28, 2012March 21, 2012March 14, 2012March 7, 2012February 29, 2012February 22, 2012February 15, 2012February 8, 2012February 1, 2012January 25, 2012January 18, 2012January 11, 2012January 4, 2012December 28, 2011December 21, 2011December 14, 2011December 7, 2011November 30, 2011November 23, 2011November 16, 2011November 9, 2011November 2, 2011October 26, 2011October 19, 2011October 12, 2011October 5, 2011September 28, 2011September 21, 2011September 14, 2011September 7, 2011August 31, 2011August 24, 2011August 17, 2011August 10, 2011August 3, 2011July 27, 2011July 20, 2011July 13, 2011July 6, 2011June 29, 2011June 22, 2011June 15, 2011June 8, 2011June 1, 2011May 25, 2011May 18, 2011May 11, 2011May 4, 2011April 27, 2011April 20, 2011April 13, 2011April 6, 2011March 30, 2011March 23, 2011March 16, 2011March 9, 2011March 2, 2011February 23, 2011February 16, 2011February 9, 2011February 2, 2011January 26, 2011January 19, 2011January 12, 2011January 5, 2011December 29, 2010December 22, 2010December 15, 2010December 8, 2010December 1, 2010November 24, 2010November 17, 2010November 10, 2010November 3, 2010October 27, 2010October 20, 2010October 13, 2010October 6, 2010September 29, 2010September 22, 2010September 15, 2010September 8, 2010September 1, 2010August 25, 2010August 18, 2010August 11, 2010August 4, 2010July 28, 2010July 21, 2010July 14, 2010July 7, 2010June 30, 2010June 23, 2010June 16, 2010June 9, 2010June 2, 2010May 26, 2010May 19, 2010May 12, 2010May 5, 2010April 28, 2010April 21, 2010April 14, 2010April 7, 2010March 31, 2010March 24, 2010March 17, 2010March 10, 2010March 3, 2010February 24, 2010February 17, 2010February 10, 2010February 3, 2010January 27, 2010January 20, 2010January 13, 2010January 6, 2010December 30, 2009December 23, 2009December 16, 2009December 9, 2009December 2, 2009November 25, 2009November 18, 2009November 11, 2009November 4, 2009October 28, 2009October 21, 2009October 14, 2009October 7, 2009September 30, 2009September 23, 2009September 16, 2009September 9, 2009September 2, 2009August 26, 2009August 19, 2009August 12, 2009August 5, 2009July 29, 2009July 22, 2009July 15, 2009July 8, 2009July 1, 2009June 24, 2009June 17, 2009June 10, 2009June 3, 2009May 27, 2009May 20, 2009May 13, 2009May 6, 2009April 29, 2009April 22, 2009April 15, 2009April 8, 2009April 1, 2009March 25, 2009March 18, 2009March 11, 2009March 4, 2009February 25, 2009February 18, 2009February 11, 2009February 4, 2009January 28, 2009January 21, 2009January 14, 2009January 7, 2009December 31, 2008December 24, 2008December 17, 2008December 10, 2008December 3, 2008November 26, 2008November 19, 2008November 12, 2008November 5, 2008October 29, 2008October 22, 2008October 15, 2008October 8, 2008October 1, 2008September 24, 2008September 17, 2008September 10, 2008September 3, 2008August 27, 2008August 20, 2008August 13, 2008August 6, 2008July 30, 2008July 23, 2008July 16, 2008July 9, 2008July 2, 2008June 25, 2008June 18, 2008June 11, 2008June 4, 2008May 28, 2008May 21, 2008May 14, 2008May 7, 2008April 30, 2008April 23, 2008April 16, 2008April 9, 2008April 2, 2008March 27, 2008March 20, 2008March 13, 2008March 6, 2008February 28, 2008February 21, 2008February 14, 2008February 7, 2008January 31, 2008January 24, 2008January 17, 2008January 10, 2008January 3, 2008December 27, 2007December 20, 2007December 13, 2007December 6, 2007November 29, 2007November 22, 2007November 15, 2007November 8, 2007November 1, 2007October 25, 2007October 18, 2007October 11, 2007October 4, 2007September 27, 2007September 20, 2007September 13, 2007September 6, 2007August 30, 2007August 23, 2007August 16, 2007August 9, 2007August 2, 2007July 26, 2007July 19, 2007July 12, 2007July 5, 2007June 28, 2007June 21, 2007June 14, 2007June 7, 2007May 31, 2007May 24, 2007May 17, 2007May 10, 2007May 3, 2007April 26, 2007April 19, 2007April 12, 2007April 5, 2007 Browse Archives Home News Top News Opinion Healthy Living News of The Weird Outdoors Pet Tales Destination SWFL Business Business News The Motley Fool Networking A&E Arts & Entertainment News What to Do, Where to Go Society Cuisine Restaurant Review Archive Real Estate Real Estate News Special Sections 100 Years of Caring Arts Season Guide 2016 BIA Parade of Homes Best of 2016 Destination Guide Flavor Holiday Gift Guide Market Pulse Newcomers On The Water Physicians Directory Rotary Arts & Craft Fair Royal Shell Home Vue Spring Training Tasting Notes Photo Galleries Pickup Locations Advertise Contact Us Marketplace: Real Estate Auto & Marine Shopping Dining & Entertainment Services Health & Beauty Education Business Directory 2017-01-18 / The Motley Fool Tweet Print The Motley Fool Take Shopping for Dollars The main reason many have passed up shares of Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN) is that they think the shares are overvalued. The stock has seemed overvalued for many years, though — during which time it has surged in value. Amazon is rapidly consolidating retail market share, and it surpassed Wal-Mart last year as the largest U.S. retailer by market capitalization. Since June 2009, the official end to the Great Recession, Amazon has grown its market capitalization more than tenfold, while most other retailers have failed to match the S&P 500’s performance. Better still, the shift toward e-commerce is only in the initial stages: Last quarter, e-commerce accounted for only 8.4 percent of all U.S. retail sales, and that’s estimated to top 14 percent by 2020. Many have grumbled that Amazon has struggled with profitability. However, the company has put together a string of profitable quarters on the back of its Amazon Web Services (AWS) division. Throughout the first nine months of fiscal 2016, AWS provided roughly 9.4 percent of Amazon’s total revenue — and 42.4 percent of its operating income. Plus, AWS is growing at a 59 percent year-over-year clip. With its market value recently topping $370 billion, Amazon is huge and growing. Risk-tolerant long-term investors may want to add some shares of the company to their shopping cart. (The Motley Fool has recommended and owns shares of Amazon.com.) ¦ Return to top If you have any problems, questions, or comments regarding www.FloridaWeekly.com, please contact our Webmaster. For all other comments, please see our contact section to send feedback to Florida Weekly. Users of this site agree to our Terms and Conditions. Copyright © 2007—2017 Florida Media Group LLC. Twitter | Facebook | RSS Newspaper web site content management software and services
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsTicket Prices For The Crunchies Increase In Just 5 Days Get Yours Today Drama Samsung reportedly concludes ‘irregularly sized’ batteries caused Galaxy Note 7 explosions A new lawsuit alleges anti-aging startup Elysium Health hasn’t paid its sole supplier Arizona plans to sue Theranos over faulty blood tests Browse more... california Tech employees protest in front of Palantir HQ over fears it will build Trump’s Muslim registry Uber continues self-driving vehicle testing in SF in defiance of DMV Joe Lonsdale pours $4.55M for alcohol IoT startup Nectar Browse more... quality You get what you pay for, with SSDs and just about everything else You're worth it: How the "premium" perception is changing the way we buy gadgets Browse more... theranos Arizona plans to sue Theranos over faulty blood tests No one asked Trump defense secretary pick James Mattis about his Theranos ties Theranos slashes another 41 percent of its workforce Browse more... Theranos closed its last remaining blood-testing lab after it reportedly failed an inspection Posted Jan 17, 2017 by Jon Russell (@jonrussell) 0 SHARES Next Story Crunch Report | Chelsea Manning to Be Freed in May Theranos closed its last remaining blood-testing facility after the lab reportedly failed a regulatory inspection, according to a Wall Street Journal report. The company, once valued at $9 billion, is shifting its focus to a portable ‘lab on chip’ virus-detection box after its blood-testing business, once labeled revolutionary, came under repeated fire for unreliable results, questionable methodology and inadequately trained staff. The Journal reported that Theranos testing lab in Scottsdale, Arizona, was found to have “deficiencies” when representatives from The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services visited for an inspection last fall. However, Theranos failed to report this instance to investors and others. The startup shuttered its other lab in California last year after it failed a similar test. It also made layoffs in October and then again in January, leaving just 220 employees on staff, and is facing a lawsuit from former partner Walgreens and past patients. “After months of careful consideration, and prior to CMS’s unannounced inspection in Arizona, Theranos decided to close its laboratories,” Theranos general counsel David Taylor said in a statement. On the subject of previous patient tests, a number of which have been found to be inaccurate, Taylor said: “Theranos has been responding to the deficiencies raised by CMS and will continue the process of revising or voiding test results as appropriate until we are satisfied that we have taken all necessary remedial action.” The Journal reported that this latest investigation happened in September. The Arizona lab then shut down in October, according to the company, so it remains unclear why the company took so long — in fact until the Journal’s report was released — to announce the failed inspection of its lab. In an effort to seemingly throw some positive spin on the situation, earlier today (Tuesday) the company announced the creation of a technology advisory board in a move aimed at salvaging its reputation. With the labs under review and its methodology in the spotlight, Theranos has moved its efforts to its “miniLab” project, a machine that aims to create a portable lab. It was initially aimed at detecting the Zika virus, however, Theranos voluntarily halted tests on the virus after an FDA report found that it did not include proper patient safeguards. The company plans to push miniLab to doctors and other healthcare professionals, but, according to the many experts in the industry we’ve spoken with, there is little to differentiate the product with what is already on the market. [18/01/07 01:09 am] Article updated to correct that Walgreens is suing Theranos. [19/01/07 2:50 pm] Article updated to correct in the sixth paragraph that Theranos had not previously announced the failed Arizona lab inspection. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Theranos Founded 2003 Overview Headquartered in Palo Alto, Theranos, Inc. is a consumer healthcare technology company. Theranos’ clinical laboratory offers comprehensive laboratory tests from samples as small as a few drops of blood at unprecedented low prices. Founded in 2003 by Elizabeth Holmes, Theranos’ mission is to make actionable health information accessible to people everywhere in the world at the time it matters, enabling … Location Palo Alto, CA Categories Health Care, Biotechnology, Health Diagnostics Founders Elizabeth Holmes Website http://www.theranos.com Full profile for Theranos Elizabeth Holmes Bio Elizabeth Holmes is CEO of Theranos. Elizabeth founded Theranos in 2003 with the mission to make actionable health information accessible to people everywhere at the time it matters, enabling early detection and intervention of disease, and empowering individuals with information to live the lives they want to live. Elizabeth left Stanford University's School of Engineering to build Theranos around … Full profile for Elizabeth Holmes Walgreens Founded 1901 Overview Walgreens (www.walgreens.com) is the nation's largest drugstore chain with fiscal 2010 sales of $67 billion. The company operates 7,689 drugstores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. Each day, Walgreens provides nearly 6 million customers the most convenient, multi-channel access to consumer goods and services and trusted, cost-effective pharmacy, health and wellness services … Location Deerfield, IL Categories Pharmaceutical, Photography, Consumer Goods, Health Care Website http://www.walgreens.com Full profile for Walgreens Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report AppDynamics CEO Talks Cisco Acquisition | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes california quality theranos Drama Popular Posts Featured Stories Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:45 | Crunch Report Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 5 hours ago | Anna Escher Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 10 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Trump’s manufacturing council includes Elon Musk, Michael Dell and Mark Fields 11 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Alphabet’s bets beyond search are starting to pay off yesterday | Matthew Lynley Latest From TechCrunch Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 1 hour ago | Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 3 hours ago | Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 3 hours ago | Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 4 hours ago | Sarah Perez Comment moderation powered by Up Next Crunch Report | Chelsea Manning to Be Freed in May Posted Jan 17, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Developer - 41399BR at Harvard University - Faculty of Arts and Sciences (Cambridge, MA, United States) Engineer: Client Support Center at Target (Brooklyn Park, MN, United States) Product Manager at Calldorado (Kongens Lyngby (Copenhagen), Denmark) IT Infrastructure Manager (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland; Berlin, Deutschland) Digital Strategies Manager at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Charlotte, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 1 hour ago by Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 3 hours ago by Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 3 hours ago by Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 4 hours ago by Sarah Perez Leapfrogging in higher ed 4 hours ago by Hunt Lambert, Pete Wheelan Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 5 hours ago by Anna Escher Silicon Valley’s false feminist idol finally makes a peep 6 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Netgear’s Orbi might be the best Wi-Fi router I’ve ever used 6 hours ago by John Biggs Alexa scores some Super Bowl skills for next week’s big game 7 hours ago by Brian Heater Oculus/ZeniMax case goes to jury as damages sought increases to $4 billion 7 hours ago by Lucas Matney
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Crime Stories» Shock Revelation From Woman Who Sealed Emmett Till's Fate It Wasn't Me, Officer; It Was the Deer At This Burger King, 'Extra Crispy' Was a Code Fisherman's $500K Catch Could Get Him Life in Prison It's a Boy! 5 Craziest Crimes of the Week Texan Executed for Subway Sandwich Shop Murders Man Accused of Attacking Muslim Worker at JFK Airport Addict Jailed to Protect Unborn Baby Gives Birth Police Link Possible Serial Killer With Bodies in NH, Calif. Instead of Breaking Into the House, They Broke the House 6 Injured by Gun Violence at Vigil for Victim of Gun Violence Boy, 14, Blackmails Teacher Over Sex Crime / Florida Go to Grid|Next Story Police: Florida Cop-Killer Placed in Victim's Handcuffs Cops say 'maniac' is off the streets By Newser Editors and Wire Services Posted Jan 17, 2017 10:56 PM CST Updated Jan 18, 2017 5:33 AM CST 133 comments Comments This undated photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd.   (Orlando Police Department)This undated photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd.   (Orlando Police Department) View 3 more images (Newser) – The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities say. Orlando Police Chief John Mina says Markeith Loyd, 41, was flushed out of an abandoned house and taken into custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Walmart store. Local television stations showed Loyd with a bloodied face as a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Mina tweeted, "Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs," the AP reports. Loyd was wearing body armor and carrying two handguns, one with a 100-round magazine, when he surrendered after a SWAT team surrounded the house in western Orlando, Mina said at a news conference. Mina denied rumors that the arrest was the result of an anonymous tip, saying that Loyd was captured by the tireless efforts of law enforcement. Before the officer's shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Clayton had been tipped off that he was in the area while she was at the store and was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said at the news conference that the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. "I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point," Demings said. "They will sleep better knowing tonight that... this maniac is off the streets."   View 3 more images My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   3% Hilarious 9% Intriguing 24% Depressing 44% Brilliant 15% Scary 5% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 133 comments Copyright 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. AP contributed to this report. Next on Newser: George HW Bush Hospitalized in Texas Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 133 comments Eastwind 7 Jan 19, 2017 9:52 AM CST Turn him over to Singapore for sentencing. The penalty is death by hanging, at Changi Central Prison. Phil Bickel Jan 18, 2017 11:01 PM CST They should use a bullet from her gun to perforate his skull too! Elbert Dempsey Jan 18, 2017 8:33 PM CST The poor arrestee looks bad. He would look much better if he was dead. #BLACK LIVES MURDER. View all 133 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Gorbachev: World Appears to Be Preparing for War 1 Fisherman's $500K Catch Could Get Him Life in Prison 2 Trump Called Park Service to Demand Crowd Photos: Sources 3 Unfamiliar Phone Number? You May Not Want to Answer 4 At This Burger King, 'Extra Crispy' Was a Code 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Your Ancestors Have a Raunchy History, Says Science Trump Aides Say President Has Been 'Angry' and 'Bored' Since Inauguration One-Eyed Woman Arrested During Florida Prostitution Ring Bust Science Has the Simple Secret to Amazing Relationship Sex NYPD Cop Busted for Allegedly Having Phone Sex With Young Girl This Footage of a Shark Getting Ripped in Half by a Bigger Shark Is Insane Woman Kept as Slave in Rapist Dad's Cult Reveals His Disturbing 'Cuddle' Rules Partner Links AROUND THE WEB Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Prosecutor Declines To Pursue Charges Against Christie In Bridgegate Case Actress Barbara Hale Dies At 94 California Congressman: How Could GOP Support Border Wall, Say 9/11 Health Bill... Go to CBS Local A Mugging in the Metropolis Where to Eat Salami Shaped Like Testicles The PDB Weekly Quiz Go to Ozy RIP to a man who lit up television screens for decades The claws came out on “The View” after Omarosa and Joy Behar got into a nasty... It’s time to deep clean that Keurig — here’s how you do it Go to Rare All Your Favorite Comedians Are Doing A Stand-Up Show For Homeless Puppies 5 Terrible Things That Will Unfortunately Happen To Your Penis When You Age Adding This Kitchen Ingredient To Shampoo Gets Rid Of Dandruff, Experts Say Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get the 8@8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA Tennis WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home News World news Crime News 'They beat me!' Bloodied cop killer paraded to cameras covered in bandages and wearing his VICTIM'S handcuffs Markeith Loyd, 41, went on the run after fatally shooting Master Sergeant Debra Clayton in Orlando, Florida  Share  Comments BySteve Robson 04:53, 18 JAN 2017 Updated05:05, 18 JAN 2017 News Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextFlorida shooting suspect Esteban Santiago heads t Watch this video again Watch Next This arson attack on a mosque is being treated as1:00 Scene footage shows where Leon Barrett-Hazle was 0:32 Harrowing CCTV shows Birna Brjansdottir staggerin1:23 Footage shows scene where jealous husband killed 0:29 Horrific fight with bats outside primary school i1:18 Commuters defend terrified disabled woman pushed 1:07 Hero son helps police convict two men who violent1:51 Man wakes up to find his £14,000 Rolex and woman 0:26 Jilted lover attacked couple's home with homemade0:44 Video will play in Moment cop killer is led out of police station in BANDAGES Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email This is the dramatic moment a bloodied cop killer was paraded to cameras after being caught and ceremonially placed in his victim's handcuffs. Cowardly Markeith Loyd, 41, shot dead Master Sergeant Debra Clayton as she tried to apprehend him near a Walmart. He had been on the run since December, accused of murdering his pregnant ex-girlfriend and their unborn child. Orlando Police launched a massive manhunt for Loyd who had boasted on Facebook of it being his 'goal' to be 'on America's Most Wanted'. Master Sergeant Debra Clayton (Photo: AFP) Orlando Police escort Markeith Loyd out of police headquarters covered in bandages (Photo: REUTERS) Lloyd cried out "They beat me!" as he was led away (Photo: Orlando Police) On Tuesday night he was finally caught after officers surrounded an abandoned home. Loyd was said to have been wearing body armour and carrying two handguns and ammunition at the time. In line with Orlando Police Department tradition, Loyd was put into the handcuffs belonging to Sergeant Clayton. A Facebook post from the account of Markeith Loyd just a month before he allegedly killed his girlfriend and sparked a manhunt (Photo: Twitter) Shooting suspect Markeith Loyd (Photo: AFP) Orlando Police Chief Police John Mina said: "Great police work got this cop killer off the street" He said local, state and federal officers had worked round the clock to crack the case. Some broke down in tears on hearing Loyd had been captured, Mina added. Video posted online by Orlando PD showed Loyd, his face bloodied and eyes swollen, being hustled into police headquarters by sheriff's deputies and police, some of them masked. "They beat me up," he shouted to reporters outside the building. Clayton, a decorated 17-year veteran of the Orlando Police Department, was shot while responding to a sighting of Loyd at a Walmart store. The cuffs Markeith Lloyd was arrested in (Photo: Twitter/OrlandoPolice) Markeith Loyd wanted poster (Photo: Splash News) She exchanged fire with Loyd, who was wearing body armor and continued to fire when Clayton was down, police have said. Clayton died at a hospital and was posthumously promoted to lieutenant. Loyd fled the shooting scene in a car and fired at a deputy who tried to the stop him, authorities said. The deputy was unharmed. A press conference held to announce that Markeith Lloyd was captured (Photo: Twitter/OrlandoPolice) The weapons Markeith Lloyd allegedly was carrying (Photo: Twitter/OrlandoPolice) The U.S. Marshals Service placed Loyd on its list of 15 most-wanted fugitives on Tuesday. An Orange County sheriff's deputy in the manhunt for Loyd was killed in a collision last week between his motorcycle and a van. Mina said investigations would continue into how Loyd was able to evade police in recent weeks. Police have said three people were arrested in Florida on charges of having helped Loyd avoid capture. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @DailyMirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Crime News all Most Read Most Recent Melania TrumpIs this why Melania's face dropped at Donald Trump's inauguration? Viewers think they've spotted cause What did Trump say to his wife in the 'Save Melania' meme? It appears nothing - but some think they've worked out why she looks so sad Thomas Buffel'Our beloved princess has left us': Football star tells of heartbreak as wife loses cancer battle Mum-of-two Stephanie De Buysser died aged 39, just weeks after the athlete revealed  her secret struggle Court caseWomen jailed for chilling sex attack on footballer they assaulted with vegetables and scissors The trio filmed the horrific attack and squealed in delight as the horror unfolded with one shouting 'stick a knife up his bum' as they cut clumps out his hair CancerI've got six months to find a new mum for my disabled daughter before I die Single mum Vicky Pickard was determined to use what time she had left to seek out a new mum for disabled daughter Jessica Bobby MooreFootball legend Bobby Moore's daughter opens up for the first time about family's second tragic loss Roberta Moore says she drew strength from her father when brother Dean suddenly passed away at the age of 43 in 2011 CarsDrivers of 'polluting' diesel cars to be hit with 50 per cent parking surcharge Westminster City Council says the pilot scheme will improve air quality for locals and visitors Celebrity NewsCelebrity deaths in 2017: Famous faces gone too soon from John Hurt to Gorden Kaye We remember the famous faces who have sadly died this year and look back at their lives, careers and the lasting memories they have left behind Carl FramptonCarl Frampton fan who lost spending money thought Vegas trip was over - until amazing pals stepped in Gary Campbell from Lisburn, Northern Ireland, was left "broken-hearted" after losing his wallet containing $1,000 for the Frampton fight Donald TrumpTrump approves 'extreme vetting' of refugees and immigrants from Muslim countries but says Syrian Christians exempt But civil rights have condemned the order as harmful and discriminatory Harry PotterHarry Potter fans can finally venture into the Forbidden Forest and meet Buckbeak and Aragog Now visitors to the Warner Bros. Studio Tour London can defy Dumbledore and head into the forest's depths where magical creatures lurk Most Read Most Recent John HurtJohn Hurt dies at 77: Showbiz mourns tragic loss of Elephant Man actor who fought brave cancer battle The actor, whose career spanned over six decades, had battled with both cancer and an intestinal complaint in recent years. Melania TrumpIs this why Melania's face dropped at Donald Trump's inauguration? Viewers think they've spotted cause What did Trump say to his wife in the 'Save Melania' meme? It appears nothing - but some think they've worked out why she looks so sad Coronation StreetCorrie fans surprised to see a VERY familiar soap face as new waitress starts in the Bistro Flirty Nancy had viewers scratching their heads over where they'd seen her before Bobby MooreTina and Bobby Moore's relationship in pictures: A heartbreaking love story A look back at the golden couple who are featured in ITV's dramatised biopic Tina & Bobby ITVTina and Bobby's children: What we know about Dean and Roberta Moore The football legend had two children and, sadly, lost a third  Elijah WoodElijah Wood, Dominic Monaghan and Richard E. Grant lead tributes to John Hurt following legendary actor's death Hollywood has lost another talent, after the Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy actor dies Celebrity NewsCelebrity deaths in 2017: Famous faces gone too soon from John Hurt to Gorden Kaye We remember the famous faces who have sadly died this year and look back at their lives, careers and the lasting memories they have left behind John HurtJohn Hurt was truly gifted actor who lived life to full - once finishing off 7 bottles of wine a night The screen legend, who has died at the age of 77, told how he never feared death – even as he battled cancer Carl FramptonCarl Frampton fan who lost spending money thought Vegas trip was over - until amazing pals stepped in Gary Campbell from Lisburn, Northern Ireland, was left "broken-hearted" after losing his wallet containing $1,000 for the Frampton fight Lamar OdomLamar Odom feeling great after gruelling rehab stay as he reveals surprising treatment The former LA Lakers star is glad that he's been "sober" and is now able to enjoy his life Top Stories Homelessness'I came here looking for a new life, now I live in a tent and it's -2C' - Scandal of 4,000 sleeping rough in UK The temperature is -2C but Michael has only a sleeping bag and a thin blanket to keep warm for the next eight hours CancerI've got six months to find a new mum for my disabled daughter before I die Single mum Vicky Pickard was determined to use what time she had left to seek out a new mum for disabled daughter Jessica Donald TrumpWhen Theresa May met Donald Trump - 7 surprises from their first joint press conference The two leaders seemed to agree on Brexit and trade deals - but not so much on Russia, Torture or Mexico. Here's what we learned from today's historic meeting SchoolsTeacher awarded £347,000 after she was forced to quit and live on benefits in a caravan Nicola Sinclair forced to resign from Bishop of Llandaff Church in Wales High School after being 'victimised and bullied'  after she was diagnosed with bipolar disorder Coronation StreetCorrie fans surprised to see a VERY familiar soap face as new waitress starts in the Bistro Flirty Nancy had viewers scratching their heads over where they'd seen her before RSPCAWoman kept 80 guinea pigs and two dogs in disgusting flat where animals slept in faeces-packed cages Valerie Seddon has now been banned from keeping animals for a decade public sexMum bans kids from playing outside after seeing couple having sex and injecting drugs in doorway of church Families on the street in Camborne, Cornwall, have also been forced to dodge used needles, excrement and broken glass, thought to have been left by rough sleepers AsdaToddler left screaming in pain as Asda security gates SMASH into his head while mum pushes him into store The store have launched an investigation into what happened after Oscar Thorpe went to A&E Sex tipsWhat your birthday reveals about your sex life: Month by month breakdown of whether you're kinky or cautious Are summer babies more steamy than winter? Or which birth months and star signs match up best in the bedroom? Theresa MayDonald Trump grabs Theresa May by the hand and promises 'a very special relationship' “I think we're going to get along very well,” the billionaire President beamed at Mrs May. Special relationshipDonald Trump's gestures during meeting with Theresa May that try to say 'I'm the big man' Body language expert Darren Stanton explains the hidden meanings of the Prime Minister's first meeting with the new President   Kaye AdamsLoose Women's Kaye Adams left mortified after almost flashing her knickers while climbing on top of expensive car The presenter gave fans of the ITV show quite the eyeful when a clip of her rolling round on top of an expensive car was shown News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments50+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it National Suspect in Florida officer’s killing captured after manhunt The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Markeith Loyd is transported from the Orlando Police headquarters to Orlando Regional Medical Center after being captured earlier in the evening in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) (Associated Press) By Mike Schneider | AP By Mike Schneider | AP January 18 ORLANDO, Fla. — Authorities asked the courts on Wednesday to deny bond for the suspect in last week’s fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer as he remained hospitalized for injuries he got during his arrest. An affidavit, filed with the Orange County Clerk of Courts a day after 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was arrested in an abandoned home, shows authorities want to make sure he remains in custody, as is customary for a fugitive facing murder charges. Loyd was arrested Tuesday night after a manhunt that lasted more than a week. He is accused in the killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store last week and in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, last month. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. “I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point,” Demings said. “They will sleep better knowing tonight that... this maniac is off the streets.” Loyd’s face was bloodied and swollen when he was taken to police headquarters, and he was hospitalized overnight. He remained in the hospital Wednesday. “He resisted arrest and there was force used,” Orlando Police Chief John Mina said, without elaborating. “We’ll investigate that use of force just like we investigate every single use of force.” Loyd’s arrest was the result of detective work, not tips from the public, Mina said, despite a $125,000 reward for information leading to Loyd’s arrest. Residents of the neighborhood in west Orlando where Loyd was captured said it’s not surprising that the arrest didn’t come from tips, even though it’s a good neighborhood to live in. “Some people fear repercussions, of whatever, from other people,” said Aaron Chance, who lives a half-dozen homes away from the abandoned home where Loyd was captured. “Some people are reluctant for whatever reasons.” SWAT team members surrounded the one-story, cinderblock home on Tuesday night. Loyd initially tried to escape out the back but then ran back inside the house. He was wearing body armor and had two handguns when he ran out again, Mina said. The arrest affidavit said Loyd faces multiple charges related to the death of his ex-girlfriend’s death, Sade Dixon, including first-degree murder, killing of an unborn child by injury to mother, attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault. Dixon’s brother also was shot, but not fatally. The affidavit said that Dixon had been living with Loyd until three days before she was fatally shot outside her parents’ home. Dixon left Loyd and moved in with her parents after the couple had a fight in which he bit her in the shoulder and she required a tetanus shot, according to the affidavit. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece on charges of helping him in the weeks after Dixon was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn’t know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to his associates. “Anyone who harbored, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him,” Mina said. ___ Follow Mike Schneider on Twitter: http://twitter.com/mikeschneiderap . His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/Mike-Schneider . Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. national Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters national Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 50+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 50 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 ‘What not to do': Fla. fisherman who hauled in $500,000 worth of cocaine faces life in prison 2 A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era 3 How a Secret Service controversy turned an innocent professor’s life into an online nightmare 4 ‘We have a fire in the cockpit!’ The Apollo 1 disaster 50 years later. 5 ‘Shop for yarn elsewhere’: Tenn. shop owner to ‘vile’ women’s march supporters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game national Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Sports Opinion Obituaries Community Business Classifieds E-Editions Waseca County News Waseca Area Shopper Southern Minn Scene Girlfriends Magazine Submission Forms Anniversary Birth Classified Ad Customer Support Engagement Letter to the Editor News: Press releases, tips, community news Wedding Local Ads Publications Blooming Prairie Leader Faribault Daily News Janesville Argus Le Center Leader Le Sueur News Herald Lonsdale Area News Review Northfield News Owatonna Peoples Press Scene St. Peter Herald The Kenyon Leader Waseca County News Subscribe 27° Broken Clouds Waseca, MN (56093) Today Mainly cloudy. Tonight Mostly cloudy. Low 24F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 6:34 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Search Home News Sports Opinion Obituaries Community Business Classifieds E-Editions Waseca County News Waseca Area Shopper Southern Minn Scene Girlfriends Magazine Submission Forms Anniversary Birth Classified Ad Customer Support Engagement Letter to the Editor News: Press releases, tips, community news Wedding Local Ads Publications Blooming Prairie Leader Faribault Daily News Janesville Argus Le Center Leader Le Sueur News Herald Lonsdale Area News Review Northfield News Owatonna Peoples Press Scene St. Peter Herald The Kenyon Leader Waseca County News Subscribe Close Jacob Stark Waseca Dairy Queen has moved to 1904 N. State St., which provides much more room than its previous location did. (Jacob Stark/Waseca County News) spotlight Blizzards and burgers in a new location: Waseca DQ opens in new location By JACOB STARK jstark@wasecacountynews.com Jacob Stark Jan 13, 2017 (…) Jacob Stark Waseca Dairy Queen has moved to 1904 N. State St., which provides much more room than its previous location did. (Jacob Stark/Waseca County News) Waseca Dairy Queen has completed its move to the north part of town. The business last August announced plans to relocate from 930 S. State St. to 1904 N. State St. This new location is across Hwy. 13 from Wal-Mart. The business operates year-round and the menu has not been changed since the move. The new location offers much more room compared to the South State Street location — about 50 percent greater seating capacity, estimates Zack Cook with Fourteen Foods, which owns Waseca’s Dairy Queen. “Everything is up-to-date and it’s a much nicer facility with a lot more seating,” Cook said. “The seating is a lot more comfortable as well. “All the equipment we’re using is upgraded too,” Cook added. “We basically took everything out of the old one and we’re not using any of that. So we have state-of-the-art cooking equipment and all-new blenders and soft-serve machines. Everything is brand new and very spacious. We can have a lot more people accommodated in here with some nicer facilities for them to use.” Waseca Dairy Queen has become involved in different community events. It has sponsored a reading event at Hartley Elementary School and has also helped sponsor the Waseca Public Library’s summer reading program. Cook says the business has a good relationship with Waseca. “Waseca has always been a wonderful community we’ve been involved in. It’s a close-knit community,” he said. “We have a lot of great partnerships and a lot of active members within this community who we always know we can turn and talk to. We’re always looking for new opportunities, so when this location came up, we just wanted to give (Waseca) something new with some upgrades so they can have something a little bit better.” Reporter Jacob Stark can be reached at 837-5451 or follow him on Twitter @WCNjacob. Tags Waseca Dairy Queen State Street Jacob Stark Covering Waseca, Janesville, and New Richland. Follow Jacob Stark Close Get email notifications on Jacob Stark daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jacob Stark posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jacob Stark Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles COURT REPORT: Deal reduces hiring underage prostitute charge to gross misdemeanor Adjourned: Waseca County judge gets a hearty send off from Drug Court team, participants Waseca County Sleigh & Cutter Medallion Hunt clues - Week 4 Local attorney, Hanks, appointed to Waseca County judgeship Murder suspect seeks to have indictment tossed for misconduct Donald M. Priebe Third-graders step into the shoes of America's immigrants Waseca County Sleigh & Cutter Medallion Hunt clues - Week 3 Donald Alfred Brase Gov. Dayton has prostate cancer; diagnosed on Friday Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Public Notices City, Township, County and School District notices. Submit Your Event Upcoming Events Jan 27 Timeline of Unique Stories Exhibit Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 9:00 am Jan 27 Bridge Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 12:30 pm Jan 27 Adult Carnival Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 4:00 pm Jan 27 AA Fri, Jan 27, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Jan 28 Al-Anon Sat, Jan 28, 2017 @ 2:00 pm Around the Web PFW's top 10 free agents PFW Facebook LIVE On-Demand: Senior Bowl Prospects for the Bears The magic for Metro East girl with polio is in her heart, not her disabilities DB Cameron Sutton hopes added versatility will improve former Tennessee star's NFL Draft stock Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. Waseca County News Morning Report Delivered Wednesday and Saturday. Sign up Manage your lists Sections Home News Sports Opinion Obituaries Community Business Special Sections Classifieds E-Editions Services About Us Advertise APG Media Careers Contact Us Contest Rules Delivery / Refund policies Local Ads Privacy Policy Submission Forms Terms of Service Contact Information www.wasecacountynews.com 213 Second St., NW Waseca, MN 56093 Phone: 507-835-3380 Email: news@wasecacountynews.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 Southernminn, 514 Central Ave. Faribault, MN | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Suspect arrested in Florida police officer's killing Orlando Police escort Markeith Loyd (centre) out of OPD headquarters in Orlando, Florida in this Jan 17, 2017 still image from an OPD video handout. PHOTO: REUTERS PublishedJan 18, 2017, 12:51 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Wau Copy NEW YORK (NYTIMES) A suspect wanted in connection with the fatal shooting of an Orlando, Florida, police officer was arrested Tuesday (Jan 17) after eluding the authorities for more than a week. When the suspect, Markeith Loyd, was captured at an abandoned house in Orlando, he was wearing body armour and carrying two handguns, including one with a 100-round drum, the Orlando police chief, John W. Mina, said at a news conference Tuesday night. At first, Loyd tried to escape through the back of the house but then came out the front, the chief said. He said Loyd's associates had ties to the house but would not specify how the authorities had known to look for him there. The chief said it was unclear how long Loyd had been there. The officer who was killed, Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, was shot outside a Wal-Mart in Orlando on Jan 9 after she approached Loyd, who was wanted for the murder of his pregnant girlfriend, Sade Dixon, in December, officials said. An Orange County sheriff's deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in Clayton's police vehicle after he shot her, the authorities said. He pulled into an apartment complex, fired at the deputy - who was not hurt - and stole another vehicle, which was later found abandoned nearby, the police said. Clayton, a member of the Police Department for 17 years, was posthumously promoted to lieutenant. The department described her as a hero who was "deeply committed to the community and to police work." She was married with one son. A deputy with the Orange County Sheriff's Office also died on the day of the shooting during the search for Loyd after his motorcycle was hit by a van. Mina said Loyd had been placed into custody wearing Clayton's handcuffs. Hundreds of law enforcement officers had been searching for him, many of them living in their vehicles during the manhunt, the chief said. "They were finally able to cry, and wept because it was finally over," he said of investigators. The U.S. Marshals Service put Loyd on its list of most-wanted fugitives Tuesday and added US$25,000 to a US$100,000 reward for information that led to his arrest. It was not clear whether the reward would be awarded. The chief said the arrest had not come from a tip. Three people have been charged with being accessories to first-degree murder after the fact in Dixon's death. The chief said he "absolutely" expected arrests of others who might have helped Loyd elude the authorities. Referring to Loyd, the Orange County sheriff, Jerry L. Demings, said, "Our entire community will breathe a sigh of relief and sleep better tonight because this maniac, if you will, is off the streets." Topics:  MURDER/MANSLAUGHTER US NEWS More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Wau Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017jan23_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Cornerstone of Market Research Firm's PDPA Compliance st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in Shopping #1 dryest diaper in the market from Korea! Buy now & get free gift! SK-II Pitera Set suitable for V'day gift! Get now while stocks last! Lowest price ever! Save $400 on Dyson V6 only for first 30 sets! Save $240 on OnePlus 3T! Limited to first 20 sets only!! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Crime January 17, 2017 4:29 PM Authorities say Pulse shooter’s wife knew his plans. She says she didn’t. The helmet of the law enforcement officer hit by a bullet during the Pulse shootout that killed Omar Mateen. Orlando Police Balloons from a birthday party inside Pulse night club were still floating inside days after the rampage that claimed 49 lives. Orlando Police The inside of Pulse nightclub days after Omar Mateen killed 49 people and injured dozens more. Orlando Police The inside of a dressing room where people hid from shooter Omar Mateen, who killed 49 people inside Pulse. The air conditioning unit was pushed out to provide an escape route for the people trapped inside. Orlando Police The outside of a dressing room where people hid from shooter Omar Mateen, who killed 49 people inside Pulse. The air conditioning unit was pushed out to provide an escape route for the people trapped inside. Orlando Police The bathroom law enforcement blew a hole into to free Omar Mateen’s hostages and eventually kill him in a shootout. Orlando Police 1 of 7 i By Alex Harris aharris@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story In her first appearance in federal court on charges of knowingly aiding and abetting her husband’s rampage at Pulse nightclub, Noor Salman didn’t say much — but outside the courtroom, her uncle staunchly defended her innocence. “I know she’s innocent,” Al Salman told a crowd of reporters. “We have a justice system here, and when they look at everything, they know she’s going to be free.” Salman, 30, and her young son moved from the couple’s home in Fort Pierce to her family’s home in Northern California after her husband, Omar Mateen, opened fire in a crowded Orlando club and killed 49 people. She was arrested at her home on Monday and appeared in federal court in Oakland, California, on Tuesday morning. At some point, she will be brought to Florida to face the charges. EXCLUSIVE video of FBI operation this a.m. that led to arrest of Noor Salman on charges of aiding &amp; abetting in Orlando nightclub shooting pic.twitter.com/qzbD6HcTUL&mdash; Jodi Hernandez (@JodiHernandezTV) January 16, 2017 Since the June 12 attack, Salman has denied knowing about Mateen’s intentions, but admitted to law enforcement that she drove with him on a trip to Orlando, where they visited the club, and to Wal-Mart to pick up ammunition. She told The New York Times she knew her husband watched jihadist videos, but thought the FBI cleared him. In her 12-hour interview with the FBI immediately after the shooting, Salman told authorities that Mateen discussed the plot, including Pulse as a possible target, during a family trip to Disney World in April, sources told the Miami Herald at the time. In an indictment released Tuesday, prosecutors said Salman helped her husband starting as early as April and “did knowingly aid and abet Omar Mateen’s attempted provision and provision of ‘material support or resources’... including personnel and services, to a designated foreign terrorist organization, namely the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.” The bare bones indictment didn’t explain what led prosecutors to file the charge more than seven months after the shooting. Noor Salman made a brief court appearance in federal court this morning on charges she aided &amp; abetted in Orlando&#39;s nightclub shooting. pic.twitter.com/svH5BScdRb&mdash; Jodi Hernandez (@JodiHernandezTV) January 17, 2017 Prosecutors stopped short of calling Salman a co-conspirator. To convict her of aiding the husband’s material-support plot, prosecutors must prove that the wife knew Mateen was going to shoot up the club in the name of ISIS — as he declared during the 911 negotiation calls — rather than as a hate crime or a fit of violent mental illness. Authorities also charged her with obstruction of justice, claiming that she misled FBI agents during the investigation. Salman’s attorney, Tampa-based Linda Moreno, repeated that her client had no knowledge of her husband’s deadly plans and said she was a victim of domestic abuse — both physical and emotional. “Noor has told her story of abuse at his hands,” Moreno said. “We believe it is misguided and wrong to prosecute her and that it dishonors the memories of the victims to punish an innocent person.” Uncle of Noor Salman speaks out. Says she&#39;s innocent &amp; a victim of her husband&#39;s abuse pic.twitter.com/OWfKBZ3wj3&mdash; Jodi Hernandez (@JodiHernandezTV) January 17, 2017 If she is convicted, the government will seize all her assets relating to the crime, which the indictment pegs at $30,500. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Alex Harris: 305-376-5005, @harrisalexc Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:46 Protesters of all ages, races, faiths decry President Trump Pause 4:35 Department of Corrections Secretary Julie Jones claims conditions improving in Florida's prisons 0:18 Video shows Florida man slamming dog into ground at animal shelter 1:57 Did Florida overpay for private prison contract? 1:34 5 Cubans turn themselves in at U.S.-Mexico border 1:41 Lauderhill killing caught on surveillance video (Graphic Content) 1:28 Sex trafficking victims celebrate Christmas freedom 0:15 Surveillance video of armed robbery suspects 2:36 Miami-Dade police arrest 2 persons involved in the MLK Day shooting where 8 people were shot 1:27 Suspected car burglars caught on tape in Weston Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email an hour ago New bodycam shows Miami-Dade police officers at Martin Luther King Day shooting 1:31 an hour ago New bodycam shows Miami-Dade police officers at Martin Luther King Day shooting 0:18 a day ago Video shows Florida man slamming dog into ground at animal shelter 1:27 a day ago Suspected car burglars caught on tape in Weston View more video Stay Connected Follow Us Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again. Oops, you didn't provide a valid email address. Please double-check the email field and submit again. Oops, you haven't provided a valid captcha. Please enter the captcha and submit again. Sign up for email newsletters 5-Minute Herald (Monday - Friday) The best of the morning's Miami Herald. Afternoon Update (Monday - Friday) Latest news, plus the afternoon business & national news. News Alert (When it happens) the first to know when big news breaks. Business (Monday - Friday) Keep up with local business news and small business advice. Politics 2016 (Monday - Friday) Keep up with the 2016 elections and the latest national, state and local politics. View all newsletters Crime After long drought, governor proposes Florida corrections officers get pay raise Abused horse gets new home, while her ex-owner gets a criminal record Police investigating body found floating in North Miami Beach canal Fistfight escalates to attempted murder when ‘Thumpy’ runs over a man, police say Self-described ‘hustler’ can’t sway jury, gets convicted of pawnshop murder Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Elections 2016 Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Desk Life Lannie & Granny Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade C'est La Vie Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us Restaurant News & Reviews January 13, 2017 12:33 PM More Firehouse Subs locations are on the way The Firehouse Subs restaurant on Pass Road in Biloxi will be joined by three more stores in Gulfport, Pascagoula and Ocean Springs. Mary Perez meperez@sunherald.com i By Mary Perez meperez@sunherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Biloxi Three more Firehouse Subs are on the way to South Mississippi, so those who now have to drive to Biloxi for a Hook & Ladder or other sub will be able tp order one in their neighborhood. Scott Statham opened the Biloxi location, now in its third year, on Pass Road at Beauvoir. The Gulfport location is under construction and he said it will open in late February or March between Best Buy and Chick-Fil-A at 10573 U.S. 49, north of Interstate 10. Coming this summer will be a Firehouse Subs on U.S. 90 in Pascagoula in front of Wal-Mart. Statham said he has narrowed it down to one of two locations in Ocean Springs and that restaurant will open in late 2017 or in 2018. Firehouse Subs was founded 22 years ago by brothers and former firefighters Chris and Robin Sorensen and has locations throughout the U.S., along with one each in Canada and Puerto Rico. “We just broke 1,000 a couple of months ago,” Statham said. The franchise is known for its hot subs served on steamed rolls and choices that many sandwich shops don’t offer, such as pastrami and corned beef. According to the company website, it was ranked 120th in the Top 200 Franchise Chains by Worldwide sales in 2016. Headquartered in Jacksonville, Fla., the company created the Firehouse Subs Public Safety Foundation to provide life-saving equipment to first responders and public safety organizations. The foundation has given more than $20 million to first responders in 46 states, Puerto Rico and Canada. Mary Perez: 228-896-2354, @MaryPerezSH Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Restaurant News & Reviews Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:19 Education funding is a challenge, and it may get harder Pause 1:49 Reaction to death sentence in Ja'Naya Thompson murder 1:35 OS mayor: "We're not seeing good faith" from proponents of B&B zoning change 1:14 Hear about a DUI crackdown 1:25 DUI victim: “We didn’t have a choice, he did” 1:32 Sign spinner attracts attention in Pascagoula 0:53 Mississippi women march for equality in Washington 1:42 Biloxi has a new mayor 3:41 His hospital staff rushed to fulfill his final wish: to marry his fiancé 1:26 Isolated fire causes flooding at Hancock Middle School Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 25 days ago Customers camp out for Zaxby's 1:04 25 days ago Customers camp out for Zaxby's 0:49 3 months ago Lenny's Sub celebrates the sandwich 0:58 6 months ago Chilly treats are made at Snow Boogers View more video Restaurant News & Reviews Kyoto specializes in authentic Japanese cuisine Get breakfast, lunch or breakfast for lunch at Louie & the Redhead Lady Pile your plate with country cooking at the Sawmill Louie & the Redhead Lady’s Gulfport restaurant set to open More Firehouse Subs locations are on the way Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Local Deals Shopping Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Local Deals Shopping Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, January 27, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Bars All Refugees, and Citizens From 7 Muslim Nations By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and HELENE COOPER 9:27 PM ET President Trump signed an order suspending the entry of refugees into the United States for 120 days, and Syrians indefinitely. He also suspended immigration from seven Muslim nations, while ordering priority be given to visas for Christians from Muslim nations. News Analysis Muslims Say Visa Ban Hurts Friends and Bolsters Rivals By DECLAN WALSH 9:07 PM ET President Trump’s freeze on refugee arrivals and visa requests from seven Muslim countries was seen as a sign that he sees Islam itself as the problem. In Iran, Confusion Over Visa Crackdown 8:26 PM ET Read the Executive Order Here 8:22 PM ET U.N. Envoy Warns Those Who ‘Don’t Have Our Back’ By SOMINI SENGUPTA 5:06 PM ET The new ambassador, Nikki R. Haley, put the United Nations on notice, saying, “You’re going to see a change in the way we do business.” More in Politics Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Mexican Leader Speaks to Trump Over the Phone 7:21 PM ET People gathered at the National Mall for the annual March for Life in Washington on Friday. Credit Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Abortion Foes March on Washington By JEREMY W. PETERS, YAMICHE ALCINDOR and NOAH WEILAND A week after women protested President Trump, this year’s March for Life was a peaceful act of defiance supporting him. Abortion Opponents See Their Long-Held Goals in Reach Women’s March Raises Stakes for Abortion Foes Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America By JACK HEALY Voters who cast ballots for Mr. Trump cheered as they saw a new conservative era in government taking shape, even if they were a little leery of him.  Comments Briefing: G.O.P. Split Ahead of Trump’s Call to Putin Why Trump’s Claim of Vote Fraud Is So Dubious By MICHAEL D. SHEAR The president offered praise for a man whose claims about illegal voting have been debunked time and again. Who Is Registered to Vote in 2 States? Some in Trump’s Inner Circle Trump Sought Crowd Photos From National Park Service By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and MAGGIE HABERMAN Mr. Trump asked the acting chief why the agency had retweeted an unflattering comparison of his inauguration crowd, and asked if he could produce photographic evidence of a larger turnout. Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans By CECILIA KANG The tech company had many close links to the Obama administration. Now it’s scrambling to forge ties with President Trump and a Republican-dominated Congress. The Economy Grew 1.6% Last Year. Can Trump Get It to 4%? By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ 8:47 PM ET The economic expansion of only 1.6 percent in 2016 could bolster the case for infrastructure spending but complicate the president’s plans. Economic View Trump Can Sway Factories. For Now. By JUSTIN WOLFERS Though the president’s pressure on companies to stay in the U.S. may seem to be working, it is an illusion and might hinder manufacturing.  Comments How a Civilian Prosecution Gave the U.S. a Key Informant By ADAM GOLDMAN and BENJAMIN WEISER A Somali who pleaded guilty to supporting terrorists was not tried before a military commission. Still, he became one of the nation’s most important informants. An Audacious Plan for Rising Seas: Floating Islands By MIKE IVES A costly plan to build floating islands shows how climate change is pushing the search for innovative solutions, but some critics ask who will ultimately benefit. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Friday Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 6:59 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. California Today: What Might Happen if Obamacare Is Repealed By MIKE McPHATE Friday: Bracing for an end to Obamacare, more good news on the drought, and welcoming the Year of the Rooster. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Checkup The Banned Books Your Child Should Read By PERRI KLASS, M.D. Books that have been challenged or banned offer parents an opportunity to talk about difficult topics.  Comments Eat Why Clam-Chowder Pizza Is the Best Kind By SAM SIFTON The only thing better than a classic is two.  Comments Love and Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street A discarded photo album reveals a rich history of black lives, from the segregated South to Harlem dance halls. By ANNIE CORREAL  Comments Save this story to read later on any device. Save Nonfiction ‘The Blood of Emmett Till’: Unearthing New Evidence By JASON PARHAM In Timothy B. Tyson’s meticulous retelling, he interviews the woman whose allegations led to Till’s lynching in1955. She admits she lied in court. Australian Open Finals Primer on 2 Famous Matchups By VICTOR MATHER 6:41 PM ET The Australian Open finals begin at 3:30 a.m. Eastern. The women’s match is Saturday; the men’s final is Sunday. Here’s everything you need to know. Venus Williams the Underdog in Grand Sibling Rivalry 6:12 PM ET Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic 8:35 PM ET In the Fine Print of New York’s Budget, a Flurry of Fees By JESSE McKINLEY There are a number of proposals for new fees and other changes in tax law buried amid the thousands of pages in the new budget documents. 10 Things to Do Now in NYC More News Public Editor Mailbag: Measuring Crowds, Maligning a Region A New Opening, but Obstacles Remain for Keystone Pipeline Gambia’s New President Finally Comes Home California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Hugs and Hard Labor on an Indiana Farm With sturdy threads of work and affection, my grandmother was weaving the torn world back together for me. Big Air Is Not All About the Latest Trick Ahead of this week’s X Games and next year’s Olympics, successful quadruple flips in snowboarding have revived discussions about spinning to win versus riding with style. Couture in the Shadow of the Women’s March What does female empowerment look like in a discipline defined by fantasy and tradition? The Opinion Pages An Un-American Refugee Policy By DAVID MILIBAND 6:50 PM ET Freezing the resettlement program undermines U.S. moral leadership and national security.  Comments Trump’s Immigration Ban Is Illegal By DAVID J. BIER 8:01 PM ET Congress long ago outlawed discrimination based on national origin. Brooks: Politics of Cowardice Cohen: The Closing of America Krugman: Making the Rust Belt Rustier Is Donald Trump ‘Mr. Brexit’? By JONATHAN COE 5:52 PM ET What America has in common with Theresa May’s Britain. Who’s Afraid of Nonviolence? By MICHAEL CHABON and AYELET WALDMAN 4:54 PM ET In Israel, “We don’t do Gandhi very well.“ Editorial: Mr. Trump’s ‘Gag Rule’ Will Harm Global Health Rattner: An Extremist Holding the Purse Strings The Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Egan: Park Rangers as Heroes User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Watching The Neediest Cases Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Family Why Girls Don’t Think They Are Smart Enough Opinion Does a Protest’s Size Matter? Movies In ‘The Salesman,’ a Marriage in Tehran Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Opinion The Intellectual Life of Violence Design & Interiors Swedish Prints That Are Relevant as Ever Today Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Opinion One Syrian Family’s Journey to America Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Style Confronting Race, Religion and Her Heart Opinion Egypt’s Rickety Dictatorship Books Critic’s Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a Must-Read Sections World » News Analysis: Fears That Trump’s Visa Ban Betrays Friends and Bolsters Enemies Trump and Mexican President Speak by Phone Amid Dispute Over Wall As Climate Change Accelerates, Floating Cities Look Like Less of a Pipe Dream Business Day » Ex-Volkswagen Chief Investigated by Germany in Emissions Cheating Scandal Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Energy Companies Lead US Stock Indexes Mostly Lower Opinion » Opinion: Donald Trump, the Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Editorial: Donald Trump’s Mexico Tantrum David Brooks: The Politics of Cowardice U.S. » A City Built on Refugees Looks at Trump’s Plan With Fear Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Critic's Notebook: New York City Ballet’s Very 21st-Century Steps Philip Glass Celebrates His 80th Birthday With an 11th Symphony Politics » Trump Bars Syrian Refugees Indefinitely to Keep Terrorists Out Trump’s First Week: Misfires, Crossed Wires and a Satisfied Smile In Private, Republican Lawmakers Agonize Over Health Law Repeal Fashion & Style » Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Styles Q. and A.: Cat Marnell, a Former Beauty Editor, on Her New Addiction Memoir Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Review: Matthew McConaughey Mines Profane Capitalism in ‘Gold’ Review: In ‘The Salesman,’ Scenes From a Marriage in Tehran New York » Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street In the Fine Print of New York’s Budget, a Flurry of Fees Oh, What a Voice: A Revival for a Member of the Four Seasons Sports » Grand Sibling Rivalry Leaves Venus Williams a Distinct Underdog 8 Grand Slam Finals That Pitted Rafael Nadal Against Roger Federer Pegasus World Cup Features California Chrome and a Horseless Pizza King Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Review: A Revival of ‘The Liar’ Plays Alternative Facts for Laughs Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » Arthur Rosenfeld, Zealous Champion of Energy Efficiency, Dies at 90 J.S.G. Boggs, Artist, Dies at 62; He Made Money. Literally. Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89; You’ve Seen His Album Covers Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Frank Bruni: The President Who Buried Humility Editorial: The Republican Health Care Con Ross Douthat: The Tempting of the Media Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years By ZOE GREENBERG Housing rights groups fear their agenda may suffer under a president who was sued for housing discrimination in the 1970s. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Super Bowl 51 EyeOpener Traffic Contests Events Weather 50° 50° Low 46° High 56° Sat 42° 62° Sun 44° 66° Mon 49° 70° See complete forecast Accused cop killer captured, Orlando police say Posted 9:47 PM, January 17, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email (CNN) — After 34 days on the run a man accused of killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend and an Orlando police officer has been captured, officials said Tuesday night. Markeith Loyd is suspected of shooting Sade Dixon on December 13, 2016, and police Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Walmart on January 9. Loyd’s alleged rampage touched off a multi-agency manhunt. An investigation led authorities to an abandoned house in Carver Shores, Florida, where Loyd was arrested Tuesday, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Dressed in body armor and carrying two handguns, Loyd tried to flee out a back door and then the front. Police used force when he resisted arrest and leading to “minor” facial injuries, Mina said. In video of his arrest, Loyd’s face appears to be swollen and bruised. Loyd was placed in Clayton’s handcuffs during his arrest, a customary practice, Mina said. “To put her handcuffs on the bad guy that she was trying to catch when she was killed … it’s meaningful,” Mina said. “It’s something that we wanted to do for the family and for the law enforcement community.” Photo Gallery View Gallery (9 images) Inline Inline ‘A sigh of relief’ The arrest was bittersweet, Demmings said, coming the day after Clayton’s funeral. Someone at the store had contacted Clayton and told her Loyd was in the area, police said at the time. Loyd allegedly shot Clayton when she tried to approach him. Loyd will be charged with two counts of murder later Tuesday for the deaths of Dixon and Clayon, Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said. He also faces charges of attempted murder and aggravated assault for injuries Dixon’s family sustained in the alleged encounter. “This community has been emotionally impacted by the set of events during the last week. So I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point because, they will sleep better knowing tonight that … this maniac …. is off the streets of our community.” More arrests to come Three people have been arrested so far for helping Loyd evade capture, and more arrests are expected, Mina said. Police arrested Lakensha Smith Loyd, one of Loyd’s nieces, on January 11. Orange County deputies said in an arrest affidavit that she contacted people on behalf of her uncle after Dixon’s death. She indicated she was in contact with him after the shooting, the affidavit said. She allegedly went to a restaurant where her uncle worked to pick up $200 as Loyd tried to avoid arrest. A day earlier, police arrested Zarghee Mayan, who deputies said failed to contacted authorities after Loyd told him he killed Dixon. Jameis Slaughter, Loyd’s ex-girlfriend, is accused of being an accessory after the fact. Authorities said she collected money for Loyd and lied to police about her communication with the suspect. Slaughter said Loyd told her police would have to kill him because he wasn’t going back to prison, according to an affidavit from the Orange County Sheriff’s Office. Authorities said the car of Jamesia Slaughter, Jameis’s twin sister, was seen near the Walmart 90 minutes after Clayton was killed. Clayton was a master sergeant in the police department at the time of her killing; she was posthumously promoted to lieutenant. Filed in: NewsFix Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Police: Live-in caretaker caught in the act, arrested Watch Newsfix tonight at 9. Popular Surveillance video shows murder of man recently pardoned by Obama Best of Houston: Houston’s best tattoo artist Man pardoned by Obama ‘executed’ by masked men at halfway house Disturbing Video: At-home caretaker attacks frail, elderly patient for feeding dog ‘human food’ Latest News John Hurt dies: Legendary ‘Harry Potter’ actor was 77 ‘Die!’ Dallas teacher pretends to kill President Trump High school student forced to pee in a bucket awarded $1.25 million Tension rises as first phase of Trump’s ‘Muslim shutdown’ takes shape Nation/World NewsFix Judge denies bond for suspect on Orlando police shooting charges Nation/World NewsFix $100,000 reward for suspect in fatal shooting of Orlando officer, police say Nation/World NewsFix Orlando police shooting: Markeith Loyd stays out of reach Nation/World NewsFix Orlando police officer shot, killed; manhunt underway for suspect Nation/World NewsFix Fallen officers: 4 killed in the line of duty in 2017 NewsFix Orlando officer Debra Clayton remembered as a difference-maker Local NewsFix Accused San Antonio cop killer marries Houston woman hours before being captured Local NewsFix Children home when husband shoots, kills wife at Pearland apartment NewsFix Fort Worth police investigate arrest of women caught on video Local NewsFix PD: Alief ISD teacher scuffles with second grader in school hallway, punches boy in face Local NewsFix HPD: Man accused of robbing bank in southwest Houston Nation/World NewsFix McKinney teen tackled by police officer at pool party files federal lawsuit Nation/World NewsFix Man allegedly pulled gun, attempted to sexually assault woman after she turned down grilled cheese Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News World Suspect in Orlando officer’s fatal shooting captured after massive manhunt, police say Markeith Loyd, 41, was flushed out of an abandoned house and taken into custody, ending a manhunt that began on Jan. 9 after a police officer was shot outside a Walmart store. ▶ The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night, authorities said. Markeith Loyd is accused of killing officer Debra Clayton and his pregnant girlfriend. (The Associated Press) By The Associated Press Tues., Jan. 17, 2017 ORLANDO, FLA.—The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando police Chief John Mina said Markeith Loyd, 41, was flushed out of an abandoned house and taken into custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Walmart store. Local television stations showed Loyd with a bloodied face as a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Mina tweeted, “Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs.” Loyd was wearing body armour and carrying two handguns — one equipped with a 100-round magazine — when he surrendered after a SWAT team surrounded the house in western Orlando, Mina said at a news conference. He said Loyd resisted arrest and had some facial injuries that were being treated. Article Continued Below Mina denied rumours that the arrest was the result of an anonymous tip, saying that Loyd was captured by the tireless efforts of law enforcement. Orlando police Chief John Mina walks past the updated wanted poster of Markeith Loyd during a news conference at Orlando Police Department to announce the capture of Loyd on Tuesday. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said.  (Joe Burbank / AP)   “They’ve basically been living in their vehicles, using the bathroom in their vehicles, to try and do everything they could to bring justice for the Dixon family and for the Clayton family,” Mina said. Before the officer’s shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Clayton had been tipped off that he was in the area while she was at the store and was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said at the news conference that the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. “I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point,” Demings said. “They will sleep better knowing tonight that ... this maniac is off the streets.” Demings said Loyd would be charged with two counts of first-degree murder in Dixon’s death last month. Loyd will also face one count of attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm related to the shooting of Dixon’s brother and threats against other relatives. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn’t know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to associates of his. “Anyone who harboured, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him,” Mina said. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 (U.S.) reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 0°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Céline Dion joins ‘The Voice’ The Canadian pop star will be serving as an adviser for Gwen Stefani’s team during season 12 of the NBC singing competition. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Panama Papers Dinner Party Canada 150 Peacekeeping Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
MENU GO 28 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers CIRCA more... News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers CIRCA Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Cooking With Amy Makeovers Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Cooking With Amy Makeovers Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers Watch Live News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers CIRCA Accused Orlando cop killer captured alive by Web Team VIEW PHOTO GALLERY5 photos AA WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (WPEC) - Orlando Police have captured Markeith Loyd, the man accused of killing an Orlando Police officer and wanted for the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. Last Monday, officials began a statewide manhunt in search of Loyd, 41, after police say he shot and killed Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton outside a Walmart. He was also wanted on murder charges in the Dec. 13 slaying of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. Markeith Loyd was found in an abandoned home right around the corner of slain police officer's mother's home, according to Chief Mina. Officials say Loyd tried to escape out the back sliding glass doors, according to police. He then came out front door of the home wearing body armor & in possession of two guns, one with a 100-round magazine. The chief said Loyd resisted arrest and force was used and suffered some facial injuries. He was placed into the slain officer's handcuffs following his capture. Clayton was a mother of two and a 17-year veteran of the force. She was remembered at a funeral service on Saturday for mentoring youth and her dedication to the community she grew up in. She participated in rowing competitions with teenagers and was active in an Urban League anti-violence task force. A $100,000 reward was offered for information leading to Loyd’s arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service added $25,000. Loyd was on the Marshals' 15 most wanted list. Loyd will be charged with 2 counts of 1st degree murder with a firearm, 2 counts of aggravated assault with a firearm, 1 count of attempted 1st degree murder. close News In Pictures Shoe addicts rejoice! Exhibition of Manolo Blahnik - The Art of Shoes Sources: Billy Joel to play Lambeau Field Drug cases land 8 behind bars Restaurant offers discount for rat sighting Trending 1   Sources: Billy Joel to play Lambeau Field 2   Man killed by train in Marinette 3   Kaukauna man a finalist in top snowmobiler competition 4   Body pulled from northern Wis. lake 5   Drug cases land 8 behind bars DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with WLUK Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO LOADING ShareTweet × Trending 1 Sources: Billy Joel to play Lambeau Field 2 Man killed by train in Marinette 3 Kaukauna man a finalist in top snowmobiler competition 4 Body pulled from northern Wis. lake 5 Drug cases land 8 behind bars 6 Get a wrong number asking 'can you hear me?' Police say you better hang up 7 Man accused of jumping onto police car pleads not guilty 8 Peace flag replaces Nazi flag at Oshkosh home 9 Packers discuss double concert weekend at Lambeau Field 10 2 out-of-state men accused of traveling to Oconto Co. to meet underage girls
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look at The Capital Building in Washington D.C RADAR: Storms Move East Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Live Look at the Surf From Ocean Beach in California Beluga Whale Tank at the Georgia Aquarium Kittens Play on the ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Bald Eagle Tends to Her Chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Police: Fugitive Wanted in Officer's Fatal Shooting Captured By The Associated Press ORLANDO, Fla.  Jan 17, 2017, 10:29 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando police Chief John Mina said Markeith Loyd, 41, was flushed out of an abandoned house and taken into custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd with a bloodied face as a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Mina tweeted, "Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs." Loyd was wearing body armor and carrying two handguns — one equipped with a 100-round magazine — when he surrendered after a SWAT team surrounded the house in western Orlando, Mina said at a news conference. He said Loyd resisted arrest and had some facial injuries that were being treated. Mina denied rumors that the arrest was the result of an anonymous tip, saying that Loyd was captured by the tireless efforts of law enforcement. "They've basically been living in their vehicles, using the bathroom in their vehicles, to try and do everything they could to bring justice for the Dixon family and for the Clayton family," Mina said. Before the officer's shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Clayton had been tipped off that he was in the area while she was at the store and was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said at the news conference that the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. "I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point," Demings said. "They will sleep better knowing tonight that... this maniac is off the streets." Demings said Loyd would be charged with two counts of first-degree murder in Dixon's death last month. Loyd will also face one count of attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm related to the shooting of Dixon's brother and threats against other relatives. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd's ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn't know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to associates of his. "Anyone who harbored, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him," Mina said. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. 0 Shares Email Star Comments Police: Fugitive Wanted in Officer's Fatal Shooting Captured " Trump Orders Suspension of All Refugees, Immigrants From Some Muslim Nations " Trump Called National Park Service Upset Over Inauguration Crowd Retweet " Vice President Mike Pence Tells March for Life: 'Life Is Winning Again in America' " Seasonal Flu Reaches Epidemic Levels in US " Trump Says He'll Let Defense Secretary 'Override' Him on Torture After New Rape Lawsuit, Baylor Says Made 'Great Progress' " Trump, Mexico's President Speak by Phone " Putin Consults His Security Council Before Talking to Trump " Mumps Outbreak Worsens in Washington State " Army Veteran, Double-Amputee Finds New Battlefield in DC " Georgia Town Leaders Apologize for 1940 Lynching " In Iowa, Trump Voters Cheer Changes, Dismiss Petty Fights " Ivanka Trump's Son Crawls for First Time in White House " Holocaust Site Spurs Questions on Young Germans' Changing Views " Philadelphia Mayor: Trump's Remarks an 'Insult' to Police " New Trump Agency Memo Gags Staff Communications, Democrats Say " Little Girl Befriends Baby Cow Who Lost Its Mom " NASA Opens Exhibit on 50th Anniversary of Apollo 1 Fire " FBI Offers Up to $10K Reward for Information in Murder of ABC Chicago Producer in Belize " 'Hamilton' Actors to Sing 'America the Beautiful' at Super Bowl LI " Inside Taylor Swift's $25 Million Beverly Hills Mansion " 'Bear' the Dog Hoping to Find a New Forever Home
Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS CARMELO ANTHONY MARY TYLER MOORE OSCARS SEAN SPICER New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email Orlando Police capture suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd after week-long manhunt Orlando Police capture suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd BY Christopher Brennan NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Wednesday, January 18, 2017, 4:12 AM facebook Tweet email BY Christopher Brennan NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Wednesday, January 18, 2017, 4:12 AM Florida authorities captured suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd at an abandoned home Tuesday night — ending a week-long manhunt in the Orlando area. Loyd, 41, is accused of killing his pregnant girlfriend and the sergeant who attempted to bring him into custody on Jan. 9. “We’ve got him!,” Orlando police officials tweeted Tuesday, more than a week after Loyd allegedly killed Sgt. Debra Clayton at a local Walmart. Bandaged Markeith Loyd is escorted out of the Orlando Police headquarters after his capture. (Red Huber/AP) Clayton confronted Loyd in the parking lot after a shopper said he matched the description for the suspect in Sade Dixon’s December death, police said. The fugitive opened fire and Clayton died at a local hospital. Funeral held for murdered Orlando cop Debra Clayton Later, Orange County Deputy Norman Lewis died in a car crash while searching for Loyd, 41. Rewards for information leading to Loyd’s capture escalated to $125,000 by Tuesday, and police said that they had received hundreds of tips. Orlando Police Chief John Mina said that Loyd was captured by a SWAT team Tuesday evening and placed in Clayton's handcuffs. He was charged in Dixon’s death early Wednesday. He faces murder, unlawful killing of an unborn child, attempted murder for allegedly wounding Dixon’s brother and two counts of aggravated assault, jail records show. Fla. fugitive accused in cop shooting was in bulletproof vest Orlando Sgt. Debra Clayton was shot at a Walmart on Jan. 9. (@OrlandoPolice via Twitter) He faces a second murder charge in Clayton’s death. Loyd bellowed, “They beat me up,” while cops paraded the nabbed suspect with a swollen and cut face in front of reporters, video shows. Mina said at a press conference that Loyd received minor "facial injuries" after briefly resisting arrest, and that he had also attempted to flee at one point. After the media briefing, Loyd, flanked by at least a dozen officers, was escorted out of police headquarters in a white jumpsuit with bandages on his swelling face. Girlfriend of accused cop shooter joked about him killing police Unlike before, he said nothing as reporters shouted out questions and police put him in the back of a cruiser. He was reportedly taken to a nearby hospital for medical treatment. Markeith Loyd is in custody! pic.twitter.com/A6bOIFAXi5— Ken Martin (@kenmartinnews) January 18, 2017 It was not immediately clear Tuesday evening what finally led to Loyd’s capture. The police chief said that Loyd was arrested based off of "police work," rather than a tip from someone looking to collect the reward. He said that the fugitive was found in an abandoned house near Clayton's mother's home, along with his body armor, two handguns and a drum that can hold 100 bullets. Man shot 7 times in barber’s chair in Bronx Last week, Loyd's former coworker Zarghee Mayan told investigators said that Loyd was wearing a bulletproof vest when he saw him shortly after the girlfriend's killing. Mayan, Loyd's ex-girlfriend and his niece were all arrested for allegedly helping him since the death of Dixon. Markeith Loyd was silent upon being taken to the Orlando Regional Medical Center. (Red Huber/AP) Mina said that he expects more arrests as investigators find those who helped Loyd hide. Clayton, who was one of the first responders at the Pulse nightclub shooting, and Lewis were remembered at separate funeral ceremonies this weekend. Pastor Derrick McRae, who grew up with Clayton, told the Daily News last week that he thought she was "too nice to be a police officer" when she joined the force, but she said that she wanted to make a change in her community. In a statement to WKMG-TV, a member of Clayton's family thanked law enforcement for capturing Loyd, adding that he "is confident that justice will be served." Loyd was allegedly found with body armor, two handguns and a 100-bullet drum. With NICOLE HENSLEY Tags: florida police officers shot gun violence Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Orlando fugitive Markeith Loyd captured to end nine-day manhunt Loyd was arrested with the handcuffs of the slain officer, officials said Tuesday. By Stephen Feller   |   Updated Jan. 18, 2017 at 7:38 AM Follow @upi Comments Jan. 17 (UPI) -- Authorities said Tuesday they have caught the man they accuse of killing his girlfriend last month and an Orlando police officer this month, after a manhunt that lasted for more than a week. Police arrested Markeith Loyd Tuesday afternoon in connection with the shooting death of Lt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9. They restrained him with her handcuffs, police said. He was found and arrested at an abandoned house, officials said, and ultimately surrendered without incident. "We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD Custody," The Orlando Police Department tweeted after the arrest. Clayton was attempting to arrest Loyd when he allegedly shot her in front of a Walmart. Loyd was wanted for the fatal shooting of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, 24-year-old Sade Dixon, last month and the injury of her brother. Loyd faces two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm in the deaths of Dixon and her unborn child. Charges in Clayton's shooting have not yet been announced. Loyd, 41, escaped police and was on the run for nine days, during which a $60,000 reward for information increased to $100,000 by Orlando Police. Three accused accomplices were arrested on Jan. 12 on charges they helped Loyd evade arrest. Earlier Tuesday, the U.S. Marshals Service put Loyd on its "most wanted" list and added another $25,000 to the reward -- bringing the total to $125,000. The Marshals, Orlando police, FBI, Orange County Sheriff's Office and Florida Department of Law Enforcement all aided in Loyd's capture. Police said at a press conference Tuesday that Loyd was wearing body armor and carrying two firearms, including one with a high-capacity magazine -- and they showed off Clayton's cuffs they used to apprehend him. "To put her handcuffs on the bad guy ... is meaningful to her family and to her law enforcement family," Mina said. All information will come from this Twitter account. No phone calls or emails please. pic.twitter.com/IIEUmHsBcR— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Like us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories FBI catches one of its Most Wanted fugitives in Texas Indictment: Wife 'knowingly' aided Orlando nightclub shooter Rhode Island girls abducted in '85 located in Texas Comments Trending Trump Tower visitors: a guest list in photos Trending Trump Tower visitors: a guest list in photos Latest Headlines Trump, Nieto talk by phone, agree to keep talks of wall payment private 55 minutes ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- Less than 48 hours after President Trump ordered a new wall for the U.S.-Mexico border, he spoke to Mexico's leader by phone Friday and smoothed out the edges. President Trump: What the new White House has done so far 1 hour ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- In his first days in office, President Donald Trump has taken action on issues including healthcare, abortion, trade and oil pipelines. Trump signs orders to beef-up military, toughen visa checks for refugees 4 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- President Trump made good on two more campaign promises Friday -- to strengthen the military and ramp up vetting of foreign nationals seeking a U.S. visa. Trump, British PM May tout cooperation, shared vision at White House meeting 6 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- President Trump began showing his diplomatic side during a joint news conference with British Prime Minister Theresa May at the White House. Full text, video of VP Mike Pence's March for Life remarks 7 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- Vice President Mike Pence told thousands of abortion opponents gathered in Washington, D.C., that "life is winning again in America." UPI Latest Trending Stories Duterte apologizes for police killing of South Korean businessman China displays new version of bomber ahead of national holiday Watch live: Theresa May, Donald Trump hold press conference Terry Edwards executed in Texas for 2002 double murder Fugitive on FBI 'most wanted' list for '83 Texas murder surrenders More Collections Dow breaks 20,000 for the first time in history Activists protest oil pipelines after President Trump's executive orders Trump administration's first days Inauguration Day in America Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
null
Home Latest Pakistan World Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports Business Videos TV Shows GEO URDU Watch Live Geo Asool HOME LATEST PAKISTAN WORLD Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports BUSINESS VIDEOS TV SHOWS SCHEDULE GEO URDU Watch Live Hot Topics Panama Leaks NA Scuffle Trump Startup Lahore Raees Cricket Print Story X Print Story Home / world / Trump to take office with dismal ratings -- except on jobs Trump to take office with dismal ratings -- except on jobs | By  AAFP | January 18, 2017 World 0 0 Related Stories Springsteen tribute band pulls out of Trump inauguration bash Meet the Trumps: America's new first family WASHINGTON: Donald Trump is poised to take office with the lowest approval ratings of any new president in recent history, but despite a chaotic transition Americans trust the billionaire on one crucial point: jobs. Since the real estate developer´s White House win in November, companies have lined up to announce new factories or jobs in the United States, including air conditioning manufacturer Carrier, Japan´s SoftBank, Ford, Fiat Chrysler and Amazon with a headline-grabbing promise to create 100,000 jobs. The latest additions to the growing list: Wal-Mart announced Tuesday it would invest $6.8 billion in the United States and create 10,000 jobs, General Motors announced $1 billion in new US investments and pledged to create 5,000 new jobs. Trump -- who since his election has wielded a mix of threats and incentives to push an America-first jobs agenda -- has been quick to take credit. "With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the US (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing ´big stuff, ´" he tweeted on Tuesday. Trump last month denounced the $4 billion price tag on the next presidential plane, which is currently under development, threatened to cancel the order unless the price came down. Dennis Muilenburg, CEO of the aviation giant Boeing, visited Trump Tower in Manhattan on Tuesday, telling reporters he and Trump were "on the same page" about the cost and value of the jet. The president-elect´s message appears to be resonating. - ´Phony election polls´ - Sixty-one percent of Americans believe it is likely the 45th president will be able to create good-paying jobs in economically challenged areas, according to a CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday. The same percentage expects Trump to do a good or excellent job in handling the economy, according to a Washington Post-ABC News poll released the same day. But this confidence in Trump´s ability to boost American job creation stands out as the exception, with polls suggesting an overall distrust of Barack Obama´s successor. Trump is half as popular as Obama was when he was preparing to take office in January 2009, according to the Washington Post-ABC News poll. He is less popular than any other incoming US president of the past four decades, going back to Jimmy Carter. The latest surveys confirm the findings of other recent polls. Trump slammed the findings, pointing out that a majority of surveys ahead of his November 8 electoral win predicted victory for his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton. "The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before," he said on Twitter. - Democrats boycott - The president-elect was to leave Trump Tower for a few hours Tuesday to visit Washington, where preparations for his inauguration are underway. On Sunday, organizers carried out a rehearsal of the ceremony and parade, with a military officer who is the same height as Trump standing in for the president-elect. Miles of barricades were going up, blocking off the central axis of the city running from the White House to the Capitol, where Trump will be sworn into the highest office of the land at noon on Friday. Hundreds of thousands of well-wishers and protesters were expected to take in the ceremony from the sprawling National Mall. Some 28,000 security forces will ensure the safety of the event, with some already on duty in the streets of Washington. One major security challenge is the hundreds of thousands of protesters expected to descend on the capital, for both the inauguration on Friday and a major protest march planned for Saturday. Protests during presidential inaugurations are not unusual, with George W. Bush targeted by anti-war demonstrators in 2005 after his re-election. But this year, more than 40 Democratic lawmakers have said they are boycotting the inauguration, the vast majority of them in support of Congressman John Lewis, a 76-year-old icon of the civil rights movement. The Georgia congressman Lewis made waves last week when he told an interviewer that he does not see Trump as a legitimate president, citing intelligence that Russia interfered in the November election. Trump lashed out on Twitter, criticizing Lewis´s district as crime-infested and saying the man who marched with Martin Luther King was "all talk talk talk -- no actions or results." 0 0 Trump to take office with dismal ratings -- except on jobs was posted in world of Geo TV - https://www.geo.tv on January 18, 2017 and was last updated on January 18, 2017. This news story is related to President-elect Trump, Us Election, Approval Rating Us, World, World News, Geo, Geo News. Permanent link to the news story "Trump to take office with dismal ratings -- except on jobs" is https://www.geo.tv/latest/127753-Trump-to-take-office-with-dismal-ratings-except-on-jobs. More From World: January 28, 2017 Muslim woman attacked at JFK Airport January 28, 2017 It all looks as if the world is preparing for war, says former Soviet president Gorbachev January 28, 2017 Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump January 28, 2017 Trump orders ´great rebuilding´ of US military January 28, 2017 Malala heartbroken as Trump signs order for tighter vetting of refugees January 28, 2017 Trump has 'friendly' call with Mexican leader but he demands change January 28, 2017 New US UN envoy warns allies: back us or we´ll take names January 28, 2017 Trump signs executive orders to weed out 'extremist Muslims' Latest News 10 minutes ago Filming begins on first Marvel superhero flick with black lead actor 58 minutes ago Muslim woman attacked at JFK Airport 1 hour ago US economy posts slowest growth since 2011 1 hour ago It all looks as if the world is preparing for war, says former Soviet president Gorbachev 2 hours ago Trump signs executive orders to weed out 'extremist Muslims' 2 hours ago IMF says Greece debt 'explosive' in long term GEO TV NETWORK Geo Super Sports Channel Har Pal Geo Geo Entertainment Geo Kahani Geo Kahani MULTIMEDIA Geo News Live Video Schedule Program Profiles RSS CORPORATE About Us Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Advertising Guide Faq Distribution Corporate Profile Booking Status Faq (General) GEO TV Satellite Parameters OTHERS Career Geo Talent Contact Us SOCIAL Copyright © GEO TV, All rights reserved Back to top
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 30° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 27° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day 3 Weather Alerts 1 Closing Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines Trump’s immigration curbs no surprise, those affected say Updated: 5 mins ago DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Many citizens of Muslim-majority countries affected by President Donald Trump’s curbs on travel to the Un… Ryan sidesteps Trump’s goal of health coverage for all 8:30 pm WASHINGTON (AP) — House Speaker Paul Ryan sidestepped an opportunity Friday to embrace President Donald Trump’s goal of “insurance for every… As Year of the Rooster dawns, ‘phoenix claws’ grace the menu Updated: 45 mins ago Genes may help grocery tomatoes catch up to heirloom taste 8:21 pm Alaska volcano erupts again, sending up another ash cloud 8:21 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 30° F Overcast Feels Like: 20° F Wind: W 14 Humidity: 79% Dewpoint: 24° F Sunrise: 7:34 AM Sunset: 5:21 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines WNY Congressman joins fight for domestic violence registry January 10, 2017 A Southern Tier family has new hope now that Congressman Tom Reed has joined the fight for a federal domestic violence registry. Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Robinson, Seaborn lead Monmouth (NJ) past Quinnipiac, 95-76 Updated: 3 mins ago WEST LONG BRANCH, N.J. (AP) — Justin Robinson scored 22 points, Micah Seaborn hit four 3-pointers and finished with 21 points, and Monmouth … Petrasek scores 18 points in Columbia’s victory Updated: 3 mins ago NEW YORK (AP) — Luke Petrasek scored 18 points and Columbia defeated Dartmouth 66-54 on Friday night. Jeff Coby added 12 points for the Lion… Harvard rallies for 5th straight win, 77-71 over Cornell Updated: 3 mins ago Next challenge for Wolverines is a trip to East Lansing Updated: 3 mins ago No. 7 Arizona gets big boost from Trier’s return 7:20 pm Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 30° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 27° F The Latest: Suspect in officer’s shooting armed when caught The Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 9:10 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — The Latest on the arrest of fugitive wanted in an Orlando police officer’s fatal shooting (all times local): 9 p.m. Police say a man wanted in the fatal shootings of his pregnant ex-girlfriend and an Orlando police officer was wearing body armor and armed with two handguns when he was arrested at an abandoned house. Orlando Police Chief John Mina said during a news conference that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was arrested Tuesday night after the home was surrounded by SWAT officers. Authorities say Loyd initially tried to escape out the back but then ran back inside the house and ultimately surrendered in the front yard. Loyd has been the focus of a weeklong manhunt since Lt. Debra Clayton was killed in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Before the Jan. 9 shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. ___ 7:20 p.m. Police say a man wanted in the fatal shootings of his pregnant ex-girlfriend and an Orlando police sergeant has been captured. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd is in custody. Loyd has been the focus of a weeklong manhunt since Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Before the Jan. 9 shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. The sergeant had been tipped off that Loyd was in the area while she was at the store. She was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report Local researchers concerned about growing ‘superbug’ threat January 26, 2017 While long considered powerful tools in the fight against illness and disease, antibiotic overuse isn’t helping the situation. Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 1998 – 2017 WIVB.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Orlando fugitive Markeith Loyd captured to end nine-day manhunt Loyd was arrested with the handcuffs of the slain officer, officials said Tuesday. By Stephen Feller   |   Updated Jan. 18, 2017 at 7:38 AM Follow @upi Comments Jan. 17 (UPI) -- Authorities said Tuesday they have caught the man they accuse of killing his girlfriend last month and an Orlando police officer this month, after a manhunt that lasted for more than a week. Police arrested Markeith Loyd Tuesday afternoon in connection with the shooting death of Lt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9. They restrained him with her handcuffs, police said. He was found and arrested at an abandoned house, officials said, and ultimately surrendered without incident. "We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD Custody," The Orlando Police Department tweeted after the arrest. Clayton was attempting to arrest Loyd when he allegedly shot her in front of a Walmart. Loyd was wanted for the fatal shooting of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, 24-year-old Sade Dixon, last month and the injury of her brother. Loyd faces two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm in the deaths of Dixon and her unborn child. Charges in Clayton's shooting have not yet been announced. Loyd, 41, escaped police and was on the run for nine days, during which a $60,000 reward for information increased to $100,000 by Orlando Police. Three accused accomplices were arrested on Jan. 12 on charges they helped Loyd evade arrest. Earlier Tuesday, the U.S. Marshals Service put Loyd on its "most wanted" list and added another $25,000 to the reward -- bringing the total to $125,000. The Marshals, Orlando police, FBI, Orange County Sheriff's Office and Florida Department of Law Enforcement all aided in Loyd's capture. Police said at a press conference Tuesday that Loyd was wearing body armor and carrying two firearms, including one with a high-capacity magazine -- and they showed off Clayton's cuffs they used to apprehend him. "To put her handcuffs on the bad guy ... is meaningful to her family and to her law enforcement family," Mina said. All information will come from this Twitter account. No phone calls or emails please. pic.twitter.com/IIEUmHsBcR— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Like us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories FBI catches one of its Most Wanted fugitives in Texas Indictment: Wife 'knowingly' aided Orlando nightclub shooter Rhode Island girls abducted in '85 located in Texas Comments Trending Trump Tower visitors: a guest list in photos Trending Trump Tower visitors: a guest list in photos Latest Headlines Trump, Nieto talk by phone, agree to keep talks of wall payment private 55 minutes ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- Less than 48 hours after President Trump ordered a new wall for the U.S.-Mexico border, he spoke to Mexico's leader by phone Friday and smoothed out the edges. President Trump: What the new White House has done so far 1 hour ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- In his first days in office, President Donald Trump has taken action on issues including healthcare, abortion, trade and oil pipelines. Trump signs orders to beef-up military, toughen visa checks for refugees 4 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- President Trump made good on two more campaign promises Friday -- to strengthen the military and ramp up vetting of foreign nationals seeking a U.S. visa. Trump, British PM May tout cooperation, shared vision at White House meeting 6 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- President Trump began showing his diplomatic side during a joint news conference with British Prime Minister Theresa May at the White House. Full text, video of VP Mike Pence's March for Life remarks 7 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- Vice President Mike Pence told thousands of abortion opponents gathered in Washington, D.C., that "life is winning again in America." UPI Latest Trending Stories Duterte apologizes for police killing of South Korean businessman China displays new version of bomber ahead of national holiday Watch live: Theresa May, Donald Trump hold press conference Terry Edwards executed in Texas for 2002 double murder Fugitive on FBI 'most wanted' list for '83 Texas murder surrenders More Collections Dow breaks 20,000 for the first time in history Activists protest oil pipelines after President Trump's executive orders Trump administration's first days Inauguration Day in America Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Hiring Freeze•First 100 Days•BRAC•FOIA•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts U.S. News Home » The Associated Press » U.S. News » The Latest: Suspect in… The Latest: Suspect in officer’s shooting armed when caught By The Associated Press January 17, 2017 9:09 pm Share ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — The Latest on the arrest of fugitive wanted in an Orlando police officer’s fatal shooting (all times local): 9 p.m. Police say a man wanted in the fatal shootings of his pregnant ex-girlfriend and an Orlando police officer was wearing body armor and armed with two handguns when he was arrested at an abandoned house. Free e-book on the current initiatives and upcoming policy changes needed to address the ever-growing IT and application modernization challenge. Download now. Orlando Police Chief John Mina said during a news conference that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was arrested Tuesday night after the home was surrounded by SWAT officers. Authorities say Loyd initially tried to escape out the back but then ran back inside the house and ultimately surrendered in the front yard. Advertisement Loyd has been the focus of a weeklong manhunt since Lt. Debra Clayton was killed in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Before the Jan. 9 shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. ___ 7:20 p.m. Police say a man wanted in the fatal shootings of his pregnant ex-girlfriend and an Orlando police sergeant has been captured. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd is in custody. Loyd has been the focus of a weeklong manhunt since Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Before the Jan. 9 shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. The sergeant had been tipped off that Loyd was in the area while she was at the store. She was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday. Topics: U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » U.S. News » The Latest: Suspect in… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1975: Senate investigates FBI, CIA activities A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended VA officially exempts some health, contracting professionals from hiring freeze Top Story OMB releases initial hiring freeze guidance for agencies Hiring/Retention Official: Trump wants to slash EPA workforce, budget Workforce Under Trump, federal employees fear fewer resources to do their jobs Exclusive Troop increase, hiring freeze could pose problems for military families Defense Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In 4 th quarter Magic ORL 91 Celtics BOS 125 4 th quarter Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Trump signs order limiting some refugees Man charged with hate crime at JFK is Worcester businessman, political donor Here’s where a Mexican trade war might hit you Ethical dilemmas in the Trump era Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In GM joins line of companies announcing new jobs, investments in US E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Richard Drew/Associated Press General Motors said it will invest $1 billion in new models and plant updates, which had been planned for months. By David Welch and Sohee Kim Bloomberg News  January 18, 2017 General Motors Co. announced a $1 billion US investment plan involving new models and plant updates long in the works, becoming the latest automaker to answer to pressure from President-elect Donald Trump to create jobs. The nation’s top automaker will add or retain about 7,000 salaried and hourly workers, including almost 2,000 in domestic factories, spokesman Pat Morrissey said. Made days after Trump urged GM to follow Ford Motor Co. and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV in detailing US spending plans, the announcement includes product updates, manufacturing changes, and a lending expansion that were all decided before the president-elect’s public appeals to invest. Advertisement Earlier Tuesday, Korea’s Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motors Corp. said they’ll increase US investment over the next five years and consider building a new plant in the country. Trump praised Ford and Fiat Chrysler last week for plans to spend on US factories after threatening for months to slap Mexico-built vehicles with a 35 percent import tax. The president-elect is taking credit mostly for expenditures companies would’ve made anyway, according to Maryann Keller, an independent auto industry consultant. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here “This is the normal course of business,” Keller, who’s based in Stamford, Conn., said of GM. “All they’re doing is announcing investments that they would have made anyway.” Also on Tuesday, Bayer AG and Monsanto Co. promised Trump $8 billion of investment in the United States and thousands of new jobs should the companies’ planned merger, the biggest-ever in agriculture, clear regulatory approvals. Bayer chief executive Werner Baumann promised to add 3,000 jobs at Monsanto while keeping its headquarters in St. Louis after the deal is completed, Trump spokesman Sean Spicer said Tuesday. Advertisement Both companies had previously announced their intention to keep the location of the Monsanto offices, but the commitment on jobs is new, and follows a visit last week by both Baumann and Monsanto chief executive Hugh Grant to Trump and his aides in New York. US businesses are facing more pressure to show that they’re creating American jobs ahead of Friday’s scheduled inauguration of Trump, who made the issue a signature of his campaign. And carmakers are eager to cooperate with the incoming administration as they prepare to ask for favors including weaker fuel economy rules and lower corporate taxes. Separately Walmart Stores said Tuesday it will create about 10,000 retail jobs. “Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the US!” Trump wrote on Twitter. Less than two minutes into his first formal press conference since the election on Wednesday, Trump highlighted Ford’s decision to cancel a $1.6 billion factory in Mexico and expand an existing plant in Michigan. Fiat Chrysler committed $1 billion toward making three new Jeeps in the United States and enabling a Michigan facility to manufacture a Ram pickup now produced in Mexico. He told reporters he hoped GM would follow. “With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the US [even before taking office], with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country, and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing ‘big stuff,’ ” Trump wrote in a series of tweets Tuesday. An analyst for Kelley Blue Book said the GM announcement is ‘‘mostly theater’’ to take advantage of the attention generated by Trump’s tweets. Trump had targeted GM earlier this month for importing a small number of Chevrolet Cruze hatchback models from Mexico to the United States. The company has made separate recent announcements that it would permanently cut 3,300 jobs at three passenger-car plants and temporarily slow production at five factories in states including Michigan and Ohio, due to slack demand. German and Japanese automakers also are in Trump’s crosshairs, with Toyota Motor Corp. and BMW AG drawing threats of tariffs on Mexico-made cars. BMW sees “no reason” to change plans, said Peter Schwarzenbauer, who heads the automaker’s Mini and Rolls-Royce brands and its car-sharing business. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Learn more Subscribe Subscribe Boston Globe Insiders EPaper Edition My Account Log in Manage my Account Download Customer Service App Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Trump signs order limiting some refugees Man charged with hate crime at JFK is Worcester businessman, political donor Here’s where a Mexican trade war might hit you Ethical dilemmas in the Trump era Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
CLOSE Government District of Columbia Government Mayor Muriel Bowser Announcements Maryland Government Senator Cardin’s Announcements Congressman Cumming’s Announcements Congresswoman Edwards’ Announcement Congressman Sarbane’s Announcements Governor Hogan’s Announcements Lieutenant Rutherford’s Announcements Comptroller Franchot’s Announcements Mayor Rawlings-Blake’s Announcements President Young’s Announcements National 2016 National Urban League Conference NABJ – National Association of Black Journalist Conference DNC 2016 AFRO Black History 2016: Hallowed Grounds: Sites of African American Memories 2015 Million Man March – “Justice or Else” AFRO’s 45th Annual CBCF Annual Legislative Coverage Maryland Baltimore News Baltimore Events Living for the Weekend Rambling Rose Obituaries – Baltimore Prince George’s County News Washington Washington D.C. News DC Events Obituaries – Washington D.C. Sports College High School Sports Columnists Health BHTV Health Videos Arts & Ent Social Scene Books Movie Reviews BUSINESS AFRO Advertise With Us Subscriptions OPINION Editorial Commentary Cartoons Religion AME 50th Quadrennial Session Archives AFRO GadoImages AFRO ProQuest Friday, January 27, 2017 Baltimore News Washington D.C. News Prince George’s County News Government District of Columbia Government Mayor Muriel Bowser Announcements Maryland Government Senator Cardin’s Announcements Congressman Cumming’s Announcements Congresswoman Edwards’ Announcement Congressman Sarbane’s Announcements Governor Hogan’s Announcements Lieutenant Rutherford’s Announcements Comptroller Franchot’s Announcements Mayor Rawlings-Blake’s Announcements President Young’s Announcements National 2016 National Urban League Conference NABJ – National Association of Black Journalist Conference DNC 2016 AFRO Black History 2016: Hallowed Grounds: Sites of African American Memories 2015 Million Man March – “Justice or Else” AFRO’s 45th Annual CBCF Annual Legislative Coverage Maryland Baltimore News Baltimore Events Living for the Weekend Rambling Rose Obituaries – Baltimore Prince George’s County News Washington Washington D.C. News DC Events Obituaries – Washington D.C. Sports College High School Sports Columnists Health BHTV Health Videos Arts & Ent Social Scene Books Movie Reviews BUSINESS AFRO Advertise With Us Subscriptions OPINION Editorial Commentary Cartoons Religion AME 50th Quadrennial Session Archives AFRO GadoImages AFRO ProQuest Home Afro Briefs Captured: Alleged Killer of Orlando’s Lt. Debra Clayton by: The Associated Press / (Photos/Orlando Sentinel's Red Huber and Joe Burbank via AP) / January 17, 2017 0 403 tweet ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. Markeith Loyd is escorted out of the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted, “Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs.” Before Clayton’s shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. A GoFundMe poster for slain Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton is seen during a news press conference at the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017. Markeith Loyd, the suspect in the fatal shooting of Clayton, was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) While at the store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he fired multiple shots at her. Clayton returned fire but didn’t hit him. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy’s SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff’s office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff’s Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies have been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a “committed” officer and “a hero” who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” the chief said. A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. SHARE Facebook Twitter Previous articleVan Hollen Announces Senate Banking Subcommittee Assignments Next articleMaryland Elected and Community Leaders Spotlight Immediate Dangers of Repealing Affordable Care Act Associated Press RELATED ARTICLES !Front Page Markeith Loyd, Suspect in Lt. Debra Clayton’s Orlando Killing, Released from Hospital NO COMMENTS AFRO BRIEFS NAACP President and Members Return to Alabama Monday for Court Hearing Afro Briefs January 27, 2017 Prosecutor: Man Attacks Muslim Airline Employee at JFK Afro Briefs January 27, 2017 Attorneys Release Bodycam Footage of Fort Worth Arrest Afro Briefs January 26, 2017 Texas Man Convicted in 2 Slayings at Subway Shop Set to... Afro Briefs January 25, 2017 Mexican Drug Lord El Chapo Lands in New York to Face... Afro Briefs January 19, 2017 Virginia Executes Ricky Gray Afro Briefs January 19, 2017 Signup for AFRO eBlast Phone: 800-AFRO-892 (800-237-6892) Fax: 877-570-9297 Baltimore, MD Office 2519 North Charles Street Baltimore, MD 21218 Voice: 410-554-8200 Washington, DC Office 1816 12th Street NW Washington, DC 20009 Phone: 202-332-0080 Contact us: webeditor@afro.com TRENDING ARTICLES GOP Congressman Seeks to Block Switch to Harriet Tubman $20 Bill National News June 21, 2016 Father’s Day Tributes – Baltimore Baltimore News June 19, 2016 White Supremacist Heads Mostly Minority School Afro Briefs August 3, 2011 AFRO-American Newspapers The Atlanta Voice The Chicago Citizen The Dallas Weekly Defender (Houston) Indianapolis Recorder Philadelphia Tribune St. Louis American New York Amsterdam News CONTACT US ADVERTISE with the AFRO Privacy Policy Subscribe © Copyright 2016 - The AFRO-American Newspapers Press f for fullscreen.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Fugitive wanted in fatal shooting of police officer captured By Associated Press View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 17, 2017 | 8:58pm | Updated January 18, 2017 | 12:27am Modal Trigger Markeith Loyd is escorted out of the Orlando Police headquarters in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday. AP ORLANDO, Fla. — A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted, “Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs.” Before Clayton’s shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. Markeith Loyd was wearing body armor when he was apprehended. And had these guns in his possession. pic.twitter.com/T0AfzZibmA — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 While at the store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he filed multiple shots at her. Clayton returned fire but didn’t hit him. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy’s SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff’s office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff’s Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies have been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a “committed” officer and “a hero” who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” the chief said. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under florida ,  fugitives ,  orlando ,  police shootings Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Trump's education secretary pick pledges to fight for char... Read Next Trump's education secretary pick pledges to fight for char... Share Selection Trending Now in News 116,084 Former ice queen Tonya Harding isn't looking too hot these days 100,576 Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly 44,195 Emmett Till's accuser admits: It was all a lie Now On Jackie Mason: Madonna is a ‘deranged yenta’ John Hurt dead at 77 Bowie treasures going up for auction SEE ALL Now On The 7 Sexiest, Dirtiest, & Steamiest Movies on Hulu SEE ALL Most Popular This Week The Clintons are hatching a plan for their comeback Teen milks $28K from teacher in 'sextortion' plot Criminals can't wait to be arrested by this sexy cop 'SNL' writer slammed for tweeting about Barron Trump Former ice queen Tonya Harding isn't looking too hot these... More Stories pagesix Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly Now On Decider Christina Ricci Goes Full Frontal In Her New Series nypost Former ice queen Tonya Harding isn't looking too hot these days New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Overcast58° FULL FORECASTOvercast58° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Crime Man with concealed weapons permit fends off robbery suspect in Lutz(w/video) US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News In Pasco County, a teacher of the year who 'won't give up until you understand' Trump, May affirm special relationship between U.S., U.K. 25-year-old makes third man found dead in Seminole Heights since December Many families cling to latest word on gravely ill Plant High grad Suit: Woman says she was sexually assaulted at Bayfront hospital News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup Sen. Marco Rubio seeks new path in Donald Trump's D.C. Top News Trump, May affirm special relationship between U.S., U.K. Pence speaks at March for Life as anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally March column: Hagan wants to keep working on transportation, baseball Republicans divided over border wall as Trump era begins In need of allies, Trump and Britain's Theresa May to meet Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More College USF fans, patience will pay off next year in the recruiting game Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News NBA midseason report: Getting past the league's PR problem Rays' Jake Odorizzi ready to fight for himself in arbitration Lightning's motto after All-Star break? Just win, baby In praise of All-Star defenseman Victor Hedman, from the NHL's best USF fans, patience will pay off next year in the recruiting game Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Here are the top 50 restaurants of Tampa Bay Top News Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Voter intent on medical marijuana ignored Top Opinion Editorial: Trump chaos unsettles the world Editorial: Spotting an unfair cable fee Editorial: Tourism soars in Tampa Bay Editorial: Gov. Rick Scott undermines the ports he promoted Editorial: Fix Florida's foster care system Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Closing of Ringling Bros. circus brings back 146 years of memories Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Suspect in police officer's fatal shooting captured Tuesday, January 17, 2017 8:27pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Loyd ORLANDO — A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. Related News/Archive 2 Georgia police officers wounded, fatally shoot suspect while serving warrant 1 Month Ago Suspect in fatal shooting turns self in to St. Pete police 3 Days Ago Manhunt ongoing in Orlando police officer's fatal shooting; deputy killed in crash during search 2 Weeks Ago The Orlando Police Department said Tuesday night that Markeith Loyd, 41, was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 fatal shooting of Master Sgt. Debra Clayton outside a Walmart store. Before Clayton's shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. While at the store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he filed multiple shots at her. Clayton, 42, who was married with a college-aged son, returned fire but didn't hit him. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times, Orlando police Chief John Mina said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt for Loyd. Hundreds of officers and deputies have been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Suspect in police officer's fatal shooting captured 01/17/17 [Last modified: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 8:27pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Is economic prosperity the most pressing matter of the town? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Letters to the Editor Police Blotter Bee Heard Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2017 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2017-01-18 / Local News Tweet Print Senior News The Clarence Senior Center is located at 4600 Thompson Road. Contact the center at 633-5138 to sign up for activities. When registering for free activities and programs, you can call the office or email your name, phone number and desired event(s) to signup@clarenceseniorcenter.org. Additional information is available at clarenceseniorcenter.org. Transportation The center has a 14-passenger bus available to provide transportation to members between their homes and the center. The bus, which is owned by the Town of Clarence, also takes members shopping to Tops, Wegmans, Target, Wal-Mart, Dash’s and Eastern Hills Mall on a rotating basis Call the office at 633-5138 for more information. or to make arrangements for pickup. Every week Monday: So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; tap dancing, 10:15 a.m.; jazz dancing, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; euchre, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Men’s bridge, 9 a.m.; women’s bridge, 9:15 a.m.; Scrabble, 10 a.m.; Eat, Live, Be Wellness Group, 10 a.m.; blood pressure screening, 10 a.m. to noon; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; intermediate bridge, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Euchre, 9 a.m.; beginner line dance, 9 a.m.; So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; ceramics, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; line dance, 9:30 a.m.; computer support, 10 a.m. to noon; arthritis exercise, 11:15 a.m.; billiards, noon; bridge, 12:30 p.m.; watercolor painting, 1 p.m.; canasta, 1 p.m. Wednesday Evening: Billiards, 6:30 p.m.; pinochle, 6:30 p.m.; woodworking, 6:30 p.m. Thursday: Zumba, 9 a.m.; beginner bridge, 10 a.m.; tai chi, 11 a.m.; billiards, noon; duplicate bridge, 12:30 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:15 p.m; shuffleboard, 1:15 p.m. Friday: Intermediate bridge, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 9 a.m.; yoga, 9 a.m.; Rummikub, 9:30 a.m.; Senior Outreach, 9:30 to 11 a.m.; computer support, 10 to 11:30 a.m.; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; pinochle, 1 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; dominoes, 1 p.m. Lunch at the Center Lunch is served daily at 12:30 p.m. for a suggested donation of $3 for those 60 years and older. Lunch is $5 for guests younger than 60. Menus featuring daily selections are available at the center. Calendar of Events Potluck at the Center 5:15 p.m. Wednesday, Jan. 18 — All members are welcome to this evening of food and fun. Please bring an appetizer or main dish to pass. Dessert and beverages will be provided. Dinner will be served at 5:30 p.m. Sign up in the office. Avoiding Digital Fraud & Scams 10 to 11 a.m., Thursday, Jan. 19 — Join a representative from Microsoft for a free workshop to learn how to protect your digital information when online. You’ll learn how to identify, troubleshoot and report the frauds and scams lurking in all of the digital outlets and communications you use. Learn how to avoid the pitfalls of false web ads, emails and spam scams. Sign up in the office. National Pie Day 1:30 p.m., Monday, Jan. 23 — Pies have always been a sweet treat to warm the cold winter days. For those of you who don’t like to bake, we welcome you to come view our pie-judging contest and following the judging, taste some pie. Please sign up in the office. Return to top Browse Archives Clarence Special Events 2017 Click for schedule
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 45-50 We set you thinking Saturday 28 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Asia Australia Americas Europe Middle East Africa Quirky World newstream Business Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources 1485567368 Business Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing 1485566739 World Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump 1485566708 World Trump will speak with Japan's Abe on Saturday: White House 1485565285 Business FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines 1485564971 World Trump tussle gives unpopular Mexican leader much-needed shot in arm 1485563692 World Southern European leaders gather in Lisbon as populism gains 1485562401 Business Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico 1485562735 Business Boeing wins $2.1 billion Pentagon contract for 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft 1485561920 Business Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers 1485560447 Business Facebook CEO, facing wave of criticism, stops attempt to force Hawaii land sale 1485558748 World Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 27 at 6:11 P.M. EST/2311 GMT 1485558913 World Trump says he is only in early stages of considering lifting Russia sanctions 1485555742 Business Energy pipelines back in investor favor after Trump orders 1485558154 Business Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension 1485557390 Business Mexico's Slim calls Trump negotiator 'not Terminator' 1485557674 Business Border tax ideas roil oil markets, favor Gulf Coast refiners 1485558333 Business Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings 1485552061 World British PM May to raise trade, security with Turkey's Erdogan 1485556449 Business CMBS tied to Trump son-in-law sails through market 1485556130 Business Senator says U.S. Labor Department dismantled website for Wells Fargo workers 1485556384 World Trump says Mexican imports tax one option but others possible 1485557184 World Trump's unpredictability already troubles U.S. friends 1485556617 Business GM, Honda to announce fuel cell technology advance: sources 1485554936 World No U.S. review of treaties, U.N. funding at this time: admin official 1485555537 World North Korea appears to have restarted plutonium reactor: think tank 1485554908 World Fillon's French presidential bid may be hurt by probe into wife's work 1485541015 Business Bosch, Cisco, BNY Mellon, others launch new blockchain consortium 1485553255 Business U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade 1485552656 Business GM to cut 625 jobs in Canada, move some work to Mexico: union 1485546292 World Swedish ex-finance minister and tycoon named suspects in bribery case 1485550775 World Security official: Mexican cartels inspired horrors in Brazil prison carnage 1485548308 World Holocaust Memorial selfie-takers apologize to Israeli shamer 1485548242 World Colombia and FARC rebels to wage joint fight against coca cultivation 1485547770 World Merkel: Security will be key issue in Germany's 2017 election campaign 1485547328 World One thousand boat migrants rescued, one found dead in Mediterranean 1485544790 Business Citigroup quietly launches small business lending website 1485551901 Business Mexico's Slim not selling New York Times stock: spokesman 1485550810 World Venezuela demands apology over Colombia VP's 'xenophobic' remarks 1485529406 World Austrian coalition talks make slow progress, drag into weekend 1485545316 World Somalia's al Shabaab says kills dozens of Kenyan troops in raid on base 1485546936 World Astronauts and a performing donkey welcome China's new year 1485535577 World U.S.-Mexico crisis deepens as Trump aide floats border tax idea 1485483509 World U.S. Senate Leader McConnell opposes lifting Russia sanctions: Politico 1485551704 World House Speaker Ryan says U.S. sanctions against Russia should stay 1485551049 World Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 27 at 2:43 PM EST/1943 GMT 1485551088 Business J&J loses venue fight for talc lawsuits in Missouri 1485549976 Business Investors upbeat on data, Fed; wary of Trump 1485548803 Business Ex-Jefferies bond trader Litvak guilty on one of 10 fraud counts 1485544747 Business Merck reveals seven years of its U.S. drug price increase history 1485544033 Americas Trump to take office with dismal ratings - except on jobs President-elect Donald Trump takes questions from reporters at Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York, Jan. 11, 2017. Photo: New York Times mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 9:15 AM, January 18, 2017 WASHINGTON — Mr Donald Trump is poised to take office with the lowest approval ratings of any new president in recent history, but despite a chaotic transition Americans trust the billionaire on one crucial point: Jobs. Since the real estate developer’s White House win in November, companies have lined up to announce new factories or jobs in the United States, including air conditioning manufacturer Carrier, Japan’s SoftBank, Ford, Fiat Chrysler and Amazon with a headline-grabbing promise to create 100,000 jobs. The latest additions to the growing list: Wal-Mart announced Tuesday (Jan 17) it would invest US$6.8 billion (S$9.6 billion) in the United States and create 10,000 jobs, General Motors announced US$1 billion in new US investments and pledged to create 5,000 new jobs. Mr Trump — who since his election has wielded a mix of threats and incentives to push an America-first jobs agenda — has been quick to take credit. “With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the US (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing ‘big stuff’,” he tweeted on Tuesday. Mr Trump last month denounced the US$4 billion price tag on the next presidential plane, which is currently under development, threatened to cancel the order unless the price came down. Mr Dennis Muilenburg, CEO of the aviation giant Boeing, visited Trump Tower in Manhattan on Tuesday, telling reporters he and Mr Trump were “on the same page” about the cost and value of the jet. The president-elect’s message appears to be resonating. ‘PHONY ELECTION POLLS’ Sixty-one per cent of Americans believe it is likely the 45th president will be able to create good-paying jobs in economically challenged areas, according to a CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday. The same percentage expects Trump to do a good or excellent job in handling the economy, according to a Washington Post-ABC News poll released the same day. But this confidence in Mr Trump’s ability to boost American job creation stands out as the exception, with polls suggesting an overall distrust of Mr Barack Obama’s successor. Mr Trump is half as popular as Mr Obama was when he was preparing to take office in January 2009, according to the Washington Post-ABC News poll. He is less popular than any other incoming US president of the past four decades, going back to Mr Jimmy Carter. The latest surveys confirm the findings of other recent polls. Mr Trump slammed the findings, pointing out that a majority of surveys ahead of his November 8 electoral win predicted victory for his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton. “The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before,” he said on Twitter. DEMOCRATS BOYCOTT The president-elect was to leave Trump Tower for a few hours Tuesday to visit Washington, where preparations for his inauguration are underway. On Sunday, organisers carried out a rehearsal of the ceremony and parade, with a military officer who is the same height as Mr Trump standing in for the president-elect. Miles of barricades were going up, blocking off the central axis of the city running from the White House to the Capitol, where Mr Trump will be sworn into the highest office of the land at noon on Friday. Hundreds of thousands of well-wishers and protesters were expected to take in the ceremony from the sprawling National Mall. Some 28,000 security forces will ensure the safety of the event, with some already on duty in the streets of Washington. One major security challenge is the hundreds of thousands of protesters expected to descend on the capital, for both the inauguration on Friday and a major protest march planned for Saturday. Protests during presidential inaugurations are not unusual, with Mr George W Bush targeted by anti-war demonstrators in 2005 after his re-election. But this year, more than 40 Democratic lawmakers have said they are boycotting the inauguration, the vast majority of them in support of Congressman John Lewis, a 76-year-old icon of the civil rights movement. The Georgia congressman Lewis made waves last week when he told an interviewer that he does not see Mr Trump as a legitimate president, citing intelligence that Russia interfered in the November election. Mr Trump lashed out on Twitter, criticising Mr Lewis’s district as crime-infested and saying the man who marched with Martin Luther King was “all talk talk talk — no actions or results.” AFP mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most World READ COMMENTED ‘Zombie’ birds fall from sky in Moscow ‘You’re fat’ card prompts London police action ‘Wrong way down the highway’ driver arrested after US crash that killed six ‘Worse than loan sharks’, Pua says of 1MDB paying US$993m for US$3.5b bond guarantee ‘World’s longest flight’ lands in Auckland ‘Nazi goreng’ no more: Controversial Indonesian cafe shuts ‘Australia first’ policy embraces trade: Treasurer ‘Asean drug lord’ who supplied drugs to Singapore, Malaysia nabbed ‘1984’ sales soar after ‘alternative facts,’ Trump claims You will not escape us, MACC tells ‘corrupt politicians’ Women protest against Trump on streets of Europe's capitals Women lead unprecedented worldwide mass protests against Trump Woman at center of South Korea scandal shouts out her innocence White House says looks to reschedule meeting with Mexico's president White House says draft interrogation order is not a White House document Inside Today World Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump Trump will speak with Japan's Abe on Saturday: White House Trump tussle gives unpopular Mexican leader much-needed shot in arm Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico Southern European leaders gather in Lisbon as populism gains Business Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico Boeing wins $2.1 billion Pentagon contract for 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft Sports Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream final against Federer Asian champions Jeonbuk appeal to CAS over ban Tampines Rovers and head coach Akbar part ways Only Venus Williams stands in the way of Serena making history Bolt stripped of gold after Jamaica team mate Carter tests positive Entertainment Grammys, CBS to honour Bee Gees with tribute concert The funniest Stephen Chow comedies to watch this festive weekend Elton John to turn Devil Wears Prada into musical Actor Shia LaBeouf arrested outside New York City museum Radio veteran Melson stayed connected with listeners About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Black History First 100 Days On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 42° F Clear Hi: 52° F Lo: 38° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Black History First 100 Days On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Latest Headlines Governor discusses Virginia Beach’s $20 million light rail bill Updated: 11 mins ago Gov. Terry McAuliffe said Friday the $20 million the state gave to Virginia Beach for light rail is money that needs to be repaid. Decorated actor John Hurt dies at 77, reports say Updated: 17 mins ago Actor John Hurt has died at the age of 77, according to reports from multiple media sources. Woman seriously injured in Hampton shooting Updated: 10 mins ago Ryan sidesteps Trump’s goal of health coverage for all 8:30 pm Genes may help grocery tomatoes catch up to heirloom taste 8:22 pm Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 42° F Clear Feels Like: 38° F Wind: WNW 6 Humidity: 45% Dewpoint: 22° F Sunrise: 7:11 AM Sunset: 5:25 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides Latest Headlines Robinson, Seaborn lead Monmouth (NJ) past Quinnipiac, 95-76 Updated: 3 mins ago WEST LONG BRANCH, N.J. (AP) — Justin Robinson scored 22 points, Micah Seaborn hit four 3-pointers and finished with 21 points, and Monmouth … Petrasek scores 18 points in Columbia’s victory Updated: 3 mins ago NEW YORK (AP) — Luke Petrasek scored 18 points and Columbia defeated Dartmouth 66-54 on Friday night. Jeff Coby added 12 points for the Lion… Harvard rallies for 5th straight win, 77-71 over Cornell Updated: 3 mins ago Patriots’ quiet leader Slater humbled by chance at 2nd ring Updated: 3 mins ago Milanovich resigns as Argonauts head coach to join Jaguars Updated: 3 mins ago HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Latest Headlines Decorated actor John Hurt dies at 77, reports say Updated: 16 mins ago Actor John Hurt has died at the age of 77, according to reports from multiple media sources. In the Kitchen: Chocolate Cake 1:47 pm In honor of National Chocolate Cake Day, Carla Hesseltine from “Just Cupcakes” showed us her secret to the perfect confection. Live Music Friday: Olivia Dyer 1:46 pm To-do list for First Time Home Buyers 1:45 pm The Funny Bone: Theo Von 1:46 pm Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 42° F Clear Hi: 52° F Lo: 38° F Police: Fugitive wanted in officer’s fatal shooting captured By Associated Press Published: January 17, 2017, 8:10 pm Updated: January 17, 2017, 8:41 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Markeith Loyd (Photos: WFLA) ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Manhunt underway for suspect in killing of Orlando officer We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD ICustody. Details to come. Media: stand by for details on press conference. pic.twitter.com/SVjFUEvNak — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted, “Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs.” Before Clayton’s shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the Orlando Police Department was killed in the line of duty on January 9, 2017 (Photo courtesy: OPD) While at the Wal-Mart store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he filed multiple shots at her. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Investigators found clothing belonging to Loyd that suggested Clayton returned fire after she was shot but that a bulletproof vest protected the suspect. A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy’s SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff’s office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff’s Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a “committed” officer and “a hero” who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” the chief said. A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Manhunt underway for suspect in killing of Orlando officer Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Slain Orlando officer responded to Pulse nightclub massacre Funeral held for Orlando sergeant gunned down Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 1998-2017 WAVY.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Report It Community Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes 29° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 24° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines Police: Kitchen sink stolen from Warren home Updated: 5 mins ago A woman told police her screen door had been peeled away and the main entrance appeared to be broken with a shovel. $7,000 worth of cocaine, heroin found at East Liverpool home Updated: 18 mins ago The Columbiana County Drug Task Force also recovered over $14,000 and a pistol in the home. NAACP looking into cotton-picking activity at Cardinal Mooney 7:48 pm All-Star Game coming to Cleveland intensifies city’s sports high 5:52 pm Youngstown councilman eyes president position 7:18 pm 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 29° F Overcast Feels Like: 17° F Wind: W 17 Humidity: 69% Dewpoint: 20° F Sunrise: 7:37 AM Sunset: 5:33 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Latest Headlines Bristol boys clinch 6th straight league title Updated: 35 mins ago The Panthers clinched the Northeastern Athletic Conference Stripes division Friday night with a 84-52 victory over Southington Lakeview’s Garrison commits to Charleston 8:32 pm Garrison caught 38 passes this past season for 599 yards, and scored 4 touchdowns Western Reserve Boys’ Basketball Stats (Thru Jan. 26) 7:09 pm Maplewood Girls’ Basketball Stats (Thru Jan. 27) 7:00 pm Strong defense enables Leetonia to upset Lisbon 7:00 am Report It Community Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes Search for: Search the site 29° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 24° F Alleged Orlando cop killer arrested with officer’s handcuffs Orlando Police said Markeith Loyd was captured and restrained using Master Sgt. Debra Clayton’s handcuffs By WFLA Web Staff Published: January 17, 2017, 8:18 pm Updated: January 17, 2017, 11:44 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Courtesy: Orlando Police Dept. Related Coverage Manhunt underway for suspect in killing of Orlando officer Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community ORLANDO, Fla. (WFLA) – The man wanted for killing Orlando Police Department Master Sgt. Debra Clayton last Monday was captured. According to Orlando Police, Markeith Loyd is in custody Tuesday evening. Police said Loyd shot and killed Clayton outside a Walmart store. Loyd was a suspect in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last December. Orlando Police Chief John Mina said Loyd was captured and restrained using Clayton’s handcuffs. Police arrested Loyd’s niece, Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and another man, Zarghee Mayan, for helping Loyd while he was on the run. Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was arrested in connection with the death of the pregnant woman. Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was also killed in a car accident while searching for Loyd on Monday. Deputy Norman and Master Sgt. Clayton were laid to rest over the weekend. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Manhunt underway for suspect in killing of Orlando officer US official says Orlando shooter’s widow has been arrested Indictment unsealed on Orlando nightclub gunman’s wife Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Watch: Poland vs. Lakeview boys Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News Local News Indiana News Crime Watch 8 I-Team 8 Traffic Photos Business Web Link 8 National Politics World Entertainment Strange Weather Forecast Weather Blog Future Cast Closings & Delays Severe Weather Flight Delays Radar Interactive Radar Alerts LWS Stream All Maps & Links Severe Weather Preparedness Sports Colts Pacers Indy Eleven Fever Olympics High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 NFL NBA College Football College Basketball IndyCar NASCAR MLB NHL Indy Style Segments Contests Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Bicentennial Bicentennial Minute Community Calendar Submit Event WISH-TV Puppy Cam WISH Tree I Love To Read CW 8 Obituaries Gas Prices Lottery More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Jobs at WISH Watch Live 27° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 25° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 5 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Indiana News Crime Watch 8 I-Team 8 Traffic Photos Business Web Link 8 National Politics World Entertainment Strange Featured: Indianapolis 500 Latest Headlines Man arrested in Lawrence after breaking into residence Updated: 22 mins ago LAWRENCE, Ind. (WISH) – A man was arrested in Lawrence Friday after evening after breaking into a residence. According to the Lawrence Polic… East side residents push for another eyesore to come down 6:43 pm Several residents are banning together to encourage code enforcement to tear the building down. Several groups protest Trump’s stance on immigration and refugees 6:28 pm IUPUI students building racecar in unique Motorsports engineering program 6:32 pm Fishers forms committee to look at ‘Airbnb’ use 5:25 pm Weather Weather Forecast Weather Blog Future Cast Closings & Delays Severe Weather Flight Delays Radar Interactive Radar Alerts LWS Stream All Maps & Links Severe Weather Preparedness Current Conditions 27° F Overcast Feels Like: 15° F Wind: W 16 Humidity: 75% Dewpoint: 20° F Sunrise: 7:56 AM Sunset: 5:58 PM Indianapolis Weather 8-Day Forecast Indy Radar Temp Feels Like Sat-Rad Almanac Wind Speed Sponsored by: Sports Colts Pacers Indy Eleven Fever Olympics High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 NFL NBA College Football College Basketball IndyCar NASCAR MLB NHL Indy Style Segments Contests Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Bicentennial Bicentennial Minute Community Calendar Submit Event WISH-TV Puppy Cam WISH Tree I Love To Read CW 8 Obituaries Gas Prices Lottery More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Jobs at WISH Watch Live Search for: Search the site 27° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 25° F Man wanted for killing Orlando officer captured after nine day manhunt WFLA Staff Reports Published: January 17, 2017, 8:17 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) ORLANDO, FL (WLFA) — The man wanted for killing Orlando Police Department Master Sgt. Debra Clayton Monday was captured on Tuesday. Orlando Police tweeted that Loyd was in custody Tuesday evening. Police said Markeith Loyd shot and killed Clayton outside a Walmart store. Loyd was a suspect in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last December. Orlando Police Chief John Mina said Loyd was captured and restrained using Claytons handcuffs. Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was killed during a vehicle accident while searching for Loyd as well on Monday. Police arrested Loyds niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd and other man, Zarghee Mayan for aiding Loyd while he is on the run. Loyds ex-girlfriend was arrested in connection with the slaying of the pregnant woman. Deputy Norman and Master Sgt. Clayton were laid to rest over the weekend. Never miss another Facebook post from WISH-TV Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Email Print More Pinterest Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Manhunt: $60,000 reward offered in search for suspect who killed Orlando officer Video: Suspect in Orlando officer’s slaying spews expletives at judge 2016 in review: Tragic stories that made headlines Wanted Fort Wayne man captured after chase in Ohio Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending Now Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WISH-TV © 2000-2017 LIN Television of Texas, LP, a Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Station About Us Contact Us Meet the Team Jobs at WISH TV Schedule Contests Advertise With Us Reception Trouble? Sections News Indianapolis Weather Forecast Traffic Sports Report It I-Team 8 Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File FCC Public File Help EEO Report Child Programming Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/wcfpxke103o1mn/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12386682 Home 12386742 News Hurricane Matthew County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Skyvision Action Button Links Download News App 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD Interactive Radar First Alert Wx App Sky Cams Hour by Hour 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic First Alert Traffic Twitter Gas Prices 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Super Bowl Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar MLK Live the Dream Contest American Red Cross Jax Health and Fitness Expo MSABC Florida's Children First 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida 479788656 Holiday Toy Drive More Police: Fugitive wanted in officer's fatal shooting captured Updated: Jan 17, 2017 - 10:29 PM Twtter ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) - The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando police Chief John Mina said Markeith Loyd, 41, was flushed out of an abandoned house and taken into custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd with a bloodied face as a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Mina tweeted, "Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs." Loyd was wearing body armor and carrying two handguns - one equipped with a 100-round magazine - when he surrendered after a SWAT team surrounded the house in western Orlando, Mina said at a news conference. He said Loyd resisted arrest and had some facial injuries that were being treated. Mina denied rumors that the arrest was the result of an anonymous tip, saying that Loyd was captured by the tireless efforts of law enforcement. "They've basically been living in their vehicles, using the bathroom in their vehicles, to try and do everything they could to bring justice for the Dixon family and for the Clayton family," Mina said. Before the officer's shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Clayton had been tipped off that he was in the area while she was at the store and was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said at the news conference that the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. "I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point," Demings said. "They will sleep better knowing tonight that... this maniac is off the streets." Demings said Loyd would be charged with two counts of first-degree murder in Dixon's death last month. Loyd will also face one count of attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm related to the shooting of Dixon's brother and threats against other relatives. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd's ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn't know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to associates of his. "Anyone who harbored, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him," Mina said. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Police: Fugitive wanted in officer's fatal shooting captured After new rape lawsuit, Baylor says made 'great progress' A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
MENU GO 30 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa more... News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa Accused Orlando cop killer captured alive by Web Team VIEW PHOTO GALLERY5 photos AA WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (WPEC) - Orlando Police have captured Markeith Loyd, the man accused of killing an Orlando Police officer and wanted for the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. Last Monday, officials began a statewide manhunt in search of Loyd, 41, after police say he shot and killed Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton outside a Walmart. He was also wanted on murder charges in the Dec. 13 slaying of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. Markeith Loyd was found in an abandoned home right around the corner of slain police officer's mother's home, according to Chief Mina. Officials say Loyd tried to escape out the back sliding glass doors, according to police. He then came out front door of the home wearing body armor & in possession of two guns, one with a 100-round magazine. The chief said Loyd resisted arrest and force was used and suffered some facial injuries. He was placed into the slain officer's handcuffs following his capture. Clayton was a mother of two and a 17-year veteran of the force. She was remembered at a funeral service on Saturday for mentoring youth and her dedication to the community she grew up in. She participated in rowing competitions with teenagers and was active in an Urban League anti-violence task force. A $100,000 reward was offered for information leading to Loyd’s arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service added $25,000. Loyd was on the Marshals' 15 most wanted list. Loyd will be charged with 2 counts of 1st degree murder with a firearm, 2 counts of aggravated assault with a firearm, 1 count of attempted 1st degree murder. close News In Pictures Second round of snow expected Friday evening Miss Hendersonville to be crowned for first time in years Overnight assault leaves victim with fractured skull PHOTOS: Woman drives car into Brevard business Friday afternoon Trending 1   Get a wrong number asking 'can you hear me?' Police say you better hang up 2   Marion man charged with sexually abusing 10-year-old girl 3   Asheville man wins half of Cash 5 jackpot 4   Police ask for public's help finding missing mother, boyfriend 5   Etowah assault victim suffered severe head injuries, airlifted to hospital DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with WLOS Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO LOADING ShareTweet × Trending 1 Get a wrong number asking 'can you hear me?' Police say you better hang up 2 Marion man charged with sexually abusing 10-year-old girl 3 Asheville man wins half of Cash 5 jackpot 4 Police ask for public's help finding missing mother, boyfriend 5 Etowah assault victim suffered severe head injuries, airlifted to hospital 6 Overnight assault leaves victim with fractured skull 7 Miss Hendersonville to be crowned for first time in years 8 PHOTOS: Woman drives car into Brevard business Friday afternoon 9 Ex-NC State basketball star Charles Shackleford found dead 10 Buncombe County breaking homes sales, price records
CBS News Logo CBS News News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log in/out Search CBSN Toggle video CBS/AP January 17, 2017, 7:37 PM Suspect in fatal shooting of Orlando police sergeant captured Orlando shooting suspect Markeith Lloyd. Orlando Police Department/WKMG/CBS News Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Last Updated Jan 17, 2017 10:44 PM EST ORLANDO --  Police say a man wanted in the fatal shootings of his pregnant ex-girlfriend and an Orlando police sergeant has been captured.  The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd is in custody.    We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD ICustody. Details to come. Media: stand by for details on press conference. pic.twitter.com/SVjFUEvNak— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Loyd has been the focus of a week-long manhunt since Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed in a Wal-Mart parking lot.    Police say Loyd was wearing body armor and armed with two handguns when he was arrested at an abandoned house. Orlando Police Chief John Mina said during a news conference that  Loyd was arrested Tuesday night after the home was surrounded by SWAT officers.   Mina denied rumors that the arrest was the result of an anonymous tip, saying that Loyd was captured by the tireless efforts of law enforcement. “They’ve basically been living in their vehicles, using the bathroom in their vehicles, to try and do everything they could to bring justice for the Dixon family and for the Clayton family,” Mina said. Clayton’s family released a statement about the capture, thanking police for their assitance. Statement from Lt. Debra Clayton's family on husband's response to Markeith Loyd capture. pic.twitter.com/F6cSBH5FzS— Troy Campbell (@TroyLeeCampbell) January 18, 2017 On Twitter, police said that Loyd was put in the handcuffs of Clayton, who he is accused of killing last week.  These are Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs. Markeith Loyd was placed in these when he was arrested. pic.twitter.com/3TKs9nw2lu— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said at the news conference that the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. “I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point,” Demings said. “They will sleep better knowing tonight that... this maniac is off the streets.” Demings said Loyd would be charged with two counts of first-degree murder in his pregnant ex-girlfriend Sade Dixon’s death last month. Loyd will also face one count of attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm related to the shooting of Dixon’s brother and threats against other relatives.  Police previously said said Clayton was approached last Monday morning at around 7 a.m. by a person who recognized Loyd, a man suspected of killing Sade Dixon in December. The witness pointed Clayton toward Loyd, and the sergeant called dispatch to announce she was approaching the suspect. Moments later, a man believed to be Loyd shot Clayton multiple times. She died soon after.   Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton Orlando Police Loyd fled the scene, hijacking a car, and firing at least two shots at a pursuing police vehicle. He then abandoned the first car he hijacked and stole another, according to police.    During the manhunt, an Orange County Sheriff’s deputy was killed in a motorcycle accident. The Florida Highway Patrol confirmed to CBS News that the deputy, identified as Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was involved in the manhunt at the time of the crash. Clermont, Florida resident Billie Jarrard allegedly “turned into the direct path” of the deputy, am 11-year veteran.  That million dollar smile. The consummate professional. That's how we will remember our gentle giant DFC Norm Lewis. RIP. #BigNorm pic.twitter.com/I6BbSSCLeW— OCSO FL News (@OrangeCoSheriff) January 9, 2017 Orlando Police Chief John Mina said during a Monday morning press conference that Clayton, a 17-year veteran, was well-known on the force. “She organized several marches against violence by herself. That’s how dedicated she was,” Mina said. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn’t know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to associates of his. “Anyone who harbored, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him,” Mina said. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer.  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in U.S. What democracy looks like: Women’s March on Washington Hundreds of thousands descended on the capital to voice their concerns about a new political paradigm under President Trump 11 people dead in Georgia following severe weather Gov. Nathan Deal has declared a state of emergency in seven counties in southern Georgia Popular From 60 Minutes Jackie Kennedy's real White House tour Andy's inauguration trivia Obama and the 2008 general election A president and a journalist: 17 interviews When 60 Minutes first met Barack Obama Play Video Trump's first week in office Play Video Kellyanne Conway on border wall Play Video Abortion & Supreme Court picks Play Video "Sanctuary cities" crackdown Play Video Texas officer excessive force Previous Next 29 Photos Abortion opponents march in D.C. 18 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 34 Photos Oscars 2017: The nominees 25 Photos Mary Tyler Moore 1936-2017 33 Photos Heartwarming tales that will restore your faith in humanity Previous Next Most Discussed Trump claims 3-5M illegal ballots cost him popular vote, cites no evidence Trump takes executive action advancing oil pipelines Women descend on D.C. to push back against new president Trump on Women’s March: “Why didn’t these people vote?” Donald Trump signs three executive orders New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Report your weather with the ABC11 First Alert Weather app! Follow Us NEWS Suspect in fatal shooting of Orlando officer captured Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc11.com/video/embed/?pid=1707731" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Markeith Loyd was captured by police Tuesday. WTVD Wednesday, January 18, 2017 ORLANDO, Florida (WTVD) -- A suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was in custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 fatal shooting of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd had a bloodied face when a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Stay on top of breaking news stories with the ABC11 News App Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted, "Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs." You wore Badge #9 and we lost you on the 9th. 9 days later you were able to use your handcuffs one last time. RIP Lt Clayton pic.twitter.com/MddA3bbPdW— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Before Clayton's shooting, authorities had sought Loyd for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. While at the store, Clayton was tipped off that Loyd was in the area. She approached him in the parking lot and he fired multiple shots at her. Clayton returned fire but didn't hit him. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. A deputy then spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle and pursued him into a nearby apartment complex, where the suspect fired again, striking the deputy's SUV twice but missing the deputy, the sheriff's office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle and fled, abandoning the second vehicle nearby another apartment complex, which was the focus of the manhunt initially, the sheriff's office said. A second law enforcement officer, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, was killed in a motorcycle crash after joining the massive manhunt. Hundreds of officers and deputies have been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Clayton, 42, was a "committed" officer and "a hero" who gave her life to the community she loves, her chief said. She was married and had a college-aged son. She also grew up in the Orlando area, and enjoyed mentoring young people. "She was always the first to step up and help kids," the chief said. A 17-year veteran of the force, Clayton supervised a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and previously worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. "She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community," Rolon said. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Report a Typo Related Topics: newsu.s. & world Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WTVD-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Trump Pushes Voter Fraud Claim Citing Fringe Blogger Trump Orders Suspension of All Refugees, Immigrants From Some Muslim Nations Trump Called National Park Service Upset Over Inauguration Crowd Retweet Trump, Mexico's President Speak by Phone News Digest for Friday, Jan. 27, 2017 More News Top Stories NC Senate leader says support lacking for HB2 repeal Police searching for woman who robbed, ran over 2 men Former NC State player Charles Shackleford found dead Driver killed running from police in Durham Man shot in leg in southeast Raleigh Viral 'diner with disability' needs help after surgery Fire destroys Cumberland County business Show More Police charge Fayetteville man with rape Trump signs new vetting measures for immigrants Immigrant activists hold rally in Durham Friday Vice president pledges to end taxpayer-funded abortion Gas leak at Fayetteville school forces evacuation More News Top Video News Digest for Friday, Jan. 27, 2017 Police searching for woman who robbed, ran over 2 men Mom, dad, baby daughter, all share same birthday Fire destroys Cumberland County business More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories Video Photos U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News RaleighDurhamFayettevilleSurrounding Area Categories U.S. & World North Carolina Entertainment Sports Politics Health I-Team Troubleshooter Moneysaver Distraction Science Club Station Info About ABC11 EyeWitness Photos/Video ABC11 Together Events Calendar TV Listings Jobs Shows ABC11 Live Newscasts ABC11 Perspectives LAFF Live Well Network Report your weather with the ABC11 First Alert Weather app! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WTVD-TV Raleigh-Durham
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Police and Law Enforcement Man wanted in shooting death of Orlando police officer in custody By Travis Fedschun Published January 17, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print   The man accused of killing an Orlando police officer and his pregnant ex-girlfriend was caught late Tuesday hiding out in an abandoned home wearing body armor and armed with two handguns, officials said. Authorities had been searching for Markeith Loyd since Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton was gunned down Jan. 9 in the parking lot of an Orlando Walmart. We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD ICustody. Details to come. Media: stand by for details on press conference. pic.twitter.com/SVjFUEvNak— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Orlando Police Chief John Mina said Loyd, 41, was found in an abandoned home around 7 p.m. ET on Lescot Lane in Orlando "right around the corner" from Clayton's mother's house.  He first tried to escape out the rear of the house but was confronted by officers out back, according to Mina. Loyd then ran back into the house, came out the front door wearing body armor and armed with two handguns, including one with a 100-round magazine on it, when he was met by additional officers. He then threw the handguns to the ground and was taken into custody by police out front, but did "resist arrest" and sustained "minor" facial injuries, Mina said.  Markeith Loyd was wearing body armor when he was apprehended. And had these guns in his possession. pic.twitter.com/T0AfzZibmA— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 This is how accused cop killer #MarkeithLoyd looked while being walked into #Orlando police. #Fox35 pic.twitter.com/8CMMzvnUPn— LuAnne Sorrell (@luannesorrell) January 18, 2017 "I'm very happy no officers or citizens were hurt in his arrest," Minda told reporters. "I'm just happy he's in custody."  Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said the entire Orlando community is going to "breathe a sigh of relief" following Loyd's capture.  "This maniac is off the streets of our community," Demings said late Tuesday.  The 41-year-old will be charged with two counts of first-degree murder, in addition to two counts of aggravated assault of a firearm, according to Demings.  Mina said that Loyd "was captured by great police work," not an anonymous tip. He added that officers used Clayton's handcuffs to secure Loyd.  These are Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs. Markeith Loyd was placed in these when he was arrested. pic.twitter.com/3TKs9nw2lu— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Clayton had been tipped off that Loyd was in the area while she was at the store. She was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. As the manhunt intensified that day of the shooting, a motorcycle crash killed Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis. Before the Jan. 9 shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. Related stories... 1 week later, still no sign of suspected Orlando cop-killer Funeral held for Orlando sergeant gunned down Chilling Facebook video of suspected Orlando cop-killer includes murder talk Loyd appeared in an ominous Facebook Live video before the shootings -- as his then-girlfriend joked about killing police and herself, The Orlando Sentinel reported. The Nov. 4 video showed Markeith Loyd in a car at a traffic stop with his pregnant girlfriend, Sade Dixon. "Go ahead and kill him, babe, so we can get home faster," she was heard saying, referring to the officer. Later, as Loyd sped down the road, she shouted, "You not about to kill me and the baby." Just over a month later, police said Loyd did indeed kill the girlfriend, reportedly after she broke up with him. Last week, cops arrested three people accused of helping Loyd, 41, after the manhunt began, Fox 35 reported. Loyd's niece, Lakensha Smith-Loyd, was arrested Wednesday on an accessory charge Wednesday. Later the same day, police arrested an ex-girlfriend of Loyd's: Jameis Slaughter, who also faces a charge of accessory, according to online jail records. And a day earlier, Zarghee Mayan, the fugitive's supervisor at a fried chicken restaurant, was arrested on the same charge. Hundreds of officers and deputies have been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Click for more from FOX35Orlando.com. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Advertisement Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 7 P/CLOUDY TOKYO (11 a.m.) Markets 115.23 ¥/$ (5 p.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ A man waits at a break in a security fence being placed in preparation for the inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump, Tuesday in Washington. | AFP-JIJI World / Politics Trump dismissive as media polls say he has record-low approval ratings — except on jobs AFP-JIJI Jan 18, 2017 Article history Online: Jan 18, 2017 Last Modified: Jan 18, 2017 PRINT SHARE WASHINGTON – Donald Trump is poised to take office with the lowest approval ratings of any new president in recent history, but despite a chaotic transition, Americans trust the billionaire on one crucial point: jobs. Since the real estate developer’s White House win in November, companies have lined up to announce new factories or jobs in the United States, including air conditioning manufacturer Carrier, Japan’s SoftBank, Ford and Fiat Chrysler. Tech giant Amazon has promised 100,000 new jobs. Another major automaker, General Motors, pledged Tuesday to invest $1 billion in U.S. manufacturing and create up to 5,000 jobs in coming years. The same day, Walmart announced it would invest $6.8 billion in the United States and create 10,000 jobs. Trump — who since his election has wielded a mix of threats and incentives to push an America-first jobs agenda — has been quick to take credit. “With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing ‘big stuff,'” he tweeted on Tuesday. His message appears to be resonating. Sixty-one percent of Americans believe it’s likely the 45th president will be able to create good-paying jobs in economically challenged areas, according to a CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday. The same percentage expects Trump to do a good or excellent job in handling the economy, according to a Washington Post-ABC News poll also out Tuesday. But this confidence in Trump’s ability to boost American job creation stands out as the exception, with polls suggesting an overall distrust of Barack Obama’s successor. Trump is half as popular as Obama was when he was preparing to take office in January 2009, according to the Washington Post-ABC News poll. He is less popular than any other incoming U.S. president of the past four decades, going back to Jimmy Carter. The latest surveys confirm the findings of other recent polls. Trump slammed the findings, pointing out that a majority of surveys ahead of his Nov. 8 electoral win predicted victory for his Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton. “The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before,” he said on Twitter. In fact, national polls conducted before the election were within the margin of error, with Clinton ending up winning the popular vote by 2.1 percentage points compared with a projected 3.3 point edge. But polls projecting the winners by state were wrong. Trump will leave his eponymous skyscraper in New York for a few hours Tuesday to visit Washington, where preparations for his inauguration are well underway. On Sunday, organizers carried out a rehearsal of the ceremony and parade, with a military officer who is the same height as Trump standing in for the president-elect. Miles of barricades were going up, blocking off the central axis of the city running from the White House to the Capitol, where Trump will be sworn into the highest office of the land at noon on Friday. Hundreds of thousands of well-wishers and protesters were expected to take in the ceremony from the sprawling National Mall. Some 28,000 security forces will ensure the safety of the event, with some already on duty in the streets of Washington. One major security challenge is the hundreds of thousands of protesters expected to descend on Washington, for both the inauguration on Friday and a major protest march planned for Saturday. Protests during presidential inaugurations are not unusual, with George W. Bush targeted by anti-war demonstrators in 2005 after his re-election. But this year, more than 40 Democratic lawmakers have said they are boycotting the inauguration, the vast majority of them in support of Congressman John Lewis, a 76-year-old icon of the civil rights movement. The Georgia congressman made waves last week when he told an interviewer that he does not see Trump as a legitimate president, citing intelligence that Russia interfered in the November election. Trump lashed out on Twitter, criticizing Lewis’s district as crime-infested and saying the man who marched with Martin Luther King was “all talk talk talk — no actions or results.” The busy week in Washington also includes Senate confirmation hearings for eight of Trump’s cCabinet nominees. Behind the scenes, the transfer of power has shown signs of disorganization. Trump has yet to appoint a secretary of agriculture, and the number two role in most federal departments remain empty. Photos Click to enlarge Keywords Donald Trump, jobs, media polls Related List of House Democrats boycotting Trump inauguration grows past 40 Politics Trump, May affirm ‘special relationship’ between U.S., U.K. Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists Proposal would establish California as separate nation Trump’s planned border wall with Mexico faces reality check Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Abe’s kanji gaffe makes Twitter’s trend tally Education in Japan in 2016: new solutions and age-old problems, from teaching English to bullying Trump’s planned border wall with Mexico faces reality check Kisenosato becomes first Japanese-born yokozuna in almost two decades ‘Good parent’ ditched in custody case reversal Russia urges Trump to be cautious on Syria safe zones plan as U.K. signals about-face on Assad Foreign workers in Japan hit the 1 million mark for the first time last autumn: ministry Abe’s Trump dilemma: Getting Japan to buy U.S. cars Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Latest News January 17, 2017 10:33 PM Police: Fugitive wanted in officer's fatal shooting captured FILE- This undated file photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd, a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. Orlando Police Department via AP, File Orlando police Chief John Mina walks past the updated wanted poster of Markeith Loyd during a news conference at Orlando Police Department to announce the capture of Loyd, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando Sentinel via AP Joe Burbank Orlando police public information officer Sgt. Wanda Miglio updates a wanted poster of Markeith Loyd before a news conference at Orlando Police Department to announce the capture of Loyd, Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando Sentinel via AP Joe Burbank 1 of 3 i The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story ORLANDO, Fla. The suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday night after eluding a massive manhunt for more than a week, authorities said. Orlando police Chief John Mina said Markeith Loyd, 41, was flushed out of an abandoned house and taken into custody, ending a manhunt that began with the Jan. 9 killing of Lt. Debra Clayton outside a Wal-Mart store. Local television stations showed Loyd with a bloodied face as a half-dozen officers and deputies took him into police headquarters. Mina tweeted, "Captured and wearing Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs." Loyd was wearing body armor and carrying two handguns — one equipped with a 100-round magazine — when he surrendered after a SWAT team surrounded the house in western Orlando, Mina said at a news conference. He said Loyd resisted arrest and had some facial injuries that were being treated. Mina denied rumors that the arrest was the result of an anonymous tip, saying that Loyd was captured by the tireless efforts of law enforcement. "They've basically been living in their vehicles, using the bathroom in their vehicles, to try and do everything they could to bring justice for the Dixon family and for the Clayton family," Mina said. Before the officer's shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Clayton had been tipped off that he was in the area while she was at the store and was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said at the news conference that the arrest is bittersweet, noting that in addition to Clayton, a deputy in his agency, Norman Lewis, died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for Loyd. "I believe that our entire community is going to breathe a sigh of relief at this point," Demings said. "They will sleep better knowing tonight that... this maniac is off the streets." Demings said Loyd would be charged with two counts of first-degree murder in Dixon's death last month. Loyd will also face one count of attempted first-degree murder and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm related to the shooting of Dixon's brother and threats against other relatives. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece last Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him in the weeks after Loyd's ex-girlfriend was fatally shot. Mina said he expects more arrests in the case for anyone who helped him evade police. He said authorities didn't know how long Loyd been in the house, which was abandoned but does have ties to associates of his. "Anyone who harbored, aided or abetted him in any way is going to be arrested, and we know from our investigation that people did assist him," Mina said. Hundreds of officers and deputies had been searching for Loyd, and a $100,000 reward was being offered for information that leads to his arrest. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday and added $25,000 to the reward offer. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Latest News Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:34 5 Cubans turn themselves in at U.S.-Mexico border Pause 0:55 Miami Hurricanes warm up prior to Wednesday's game with Boston College 1:28 Gun rights proponent: Gun-free zones 'misguided' 0:46 Protesters of all ages, races, faiths decry President Trump 0:37 Protestors demand entry to a sealed-off lobby at Miami-Dade's County Hall 2:15 Kids ask Mayor Gimenez to make Miami-Dade a sanctuary county 1:17 White House: Funding to sanctuary cities a 'taxpayer issue' 1:43 Animation shows potential flood risk in Miami Beach 1:09 Cargo shipment from Cuba arrives at Port Everglades 1:05 Norwegian's Free At Sea - January 2017 Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Holocaust survivors remember those perished 1:02 a day ago Holocaust survivors remember those perished 0:55 2 days ago Miami Hurricanes warm up prior to Wednesday's game with Boston College 1:08 2 days ago California Chrome's trainer preps for race View more video Latest News Desperate Jewish couple couldn’t survive Holocaust, but their story lives on Forget computer engineers. Indian snake hunters are crucial foreign labor in Everglades Police investigating body found floating in North Miami Beach canal Speed dating with a walker? Well, why not? After long drought, governor proposes Florida corrections officers get pay raise Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Investigations Report It Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy 29° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 23° F Forecast Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio National National Politics Crime Five on 2 Strange Dayton Gas Prices Traffic Map Mug Shots Weekly News Quiz Entertainment News Featured: Ohio Drug Overdose Latest Headlines Local Holocaust survivor urges us to never forget Updated: 11 mins ago DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – January 27th is recognized as International Holocaust Remembrance (Memorial) Day. This year marks 72 years since the l… Local company expands into new facility 7:20 pm A ribbon-cutting and open house was held Friday to open the new facility. Tipp City’s storied football field to get $6M renovation 7:10 pm Second arrest made in Sidney kidnapping, assault investigation 7:04 pm Woman accused of taping her toddler son to wall indicted 6:44 pm Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast 7 Day Forecast Radar SatRad Closings and Delays Flight Delays & Cancellations Severe Risk Storm Team 2 Sky Cam Network Weather Blog WDTN Weather App Current Conditions 29° F Overcast Feels Like: 17° F Wind: W 16 Humidity: 72% Dewpoint: 21° F Sunrise: 7:48 AM Sunset: 5:50 PM Dayton Weather Severe Weather 7 Day Forecast Current Temps Doppler Radar Sat/Rad Rainfall Sponsored by: Investigations Report It Sports Sports Operation Football High School Football Scoreboard Sports Blog Cincinnati Reds NFL Cincinnati Bengals College Ohio State Football University of Dayton Wright State University Olympics Latest Headlines Snickers to air live Super Bowl ad January 26, 2017 The ad, starring actor Adam Driver, will be broadcast on February 5 during the most-watched live TV event in the U.S. Reports: Cleveland Indians to host 2019 MLB All-Star Game January 26, 2017 The Indians will hold a press conference on Friday morning to announce that they will host the 2019 MLB All-Star Game at Progressive Field All-Williams final set at Australian Open January 26, 2017 Kings stun Cavs 116-112 in overtime January 26, 2017 Buckeyes hold off Gophers rally for 78-72 win January 26, 2017 Live Stream Living Dayton Living Dayton Living Dayton Hosts Contact Living Dayton Katie’s Baby Blog Cooking Dayton Happenings DIY Health & Wellness Hot Topics Featured: Teacher of the Month Latest Headlines Pet of the Week 1:38 pm Avoiding business schemes and scams 1:38 pm Businesses are often targeted by scammers, but fortunately, there are things business owners can do to protect their operations. Firebirds Wood Fired Grill tailgating foods 1:37 pm Fisher House Benefit Concert 1:37 pm Benefits of getting organized 1:36 pm More About Us Contact Us Work for us Contests Staff Bios Email Alerts Text Alerts What’s on NBC? TV Schedule WDTN Apps Terms of Use Privacy Policy Search for: Search the site 29° F Overcast Hi: 32° F Lo: 23° F Police: Fugitive wanted in officer’s fatal shooting captured WFLA Published: January 17, 2017, 7:40 pm Updated: January 18, 2017, 6:08 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Related Coverage Manhunt underway for suspect in killing of Orlando officer Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers ORLANDO, Fla. (WLFA) – The man wanted for killing Orlando Police Department Master Sgt. Debra Clayton Monday was captured on Tuesday. Orlando Police tweeted that Loyd was in custody Tuesday evening. Police said Markeith Loyd shot and killed Clayton outside a Walmart store.  Loyd was a suspect in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last December. RELATED: Suspect in fatal shooting of officer has lengthy record Orlando Police Chief John Mina said Loyd was captured and restrained using Clayton’s handcuffs, which he said is a tradition in law enforcement that goes back “many years.” “Deborah Clayton risked her life for the community she loved so dearly…[this was] something we wanted to do for the family and community,” Mina said. The multiple agencies that captured Loyd including Orlando police, the Florida Marshall’s office and Orange County police addressed Loyd’s arrest during a press conference Tuesday evening. Mina confirmed multiple agencies responded to an abandoned home on Lescott road at 7 p.m. Officials surrounded the home and and initiated a SWAT call. The guns Loyd came out of the home carrying. (Source: Orlando Police on Twitter) Mina said Loyd tried to escape out the back door but was confronted by Orlando police officers.  He went inside, then came out the front door wearing body armor, armed with two handguns. Loyd threw the guns to the ground when he came out the front door.  Mina said he did resist arrest and suffered facial injuries during the struggle. Loyd was transported to Orlando Police Headquarters where officers waited to see if he needed to go to the hospital. Officials confirmed Loyd was not captured by a tip from the public, rather from tireless police efforts. “Unturned every stone, every associate, everyone who has been in contact with him the past couple months,” Mina said on finally capturing Loyd. Police said they are expecting to make more arrests in the case. The Orange County Sheriff confirmed Loyd will be charged with two counts of first degree homicide, one count of attempted first degree homicide and two counts of aggravated assault with a firearm.  The charges include the previous incident where Loyd allegedly shot his pregnant ex girlfriend to death, then shot her brother. Share this: Tweet Email Print More Share on Tumblr Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts VIDEO: Suspect in officer’s slaying spews expletives at judge Suspect in fatal shooting of officer has lengthy record Police: Officer shot, killed in Orlando, suspect still at large Manhunt underway for suspect in killing of Orlando officer Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WDTN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others and keep the conversation on topic and civil. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending now on WDTN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WDTN.com © 2000-2017 WDTN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site Map News Weather Report It Investigations Living Dayton Legal FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s Programs Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Station Contact Us Staff Bios Work for us TV Schedule Live Stream Contests Our Partners Media General Dayton’s CW NBC Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/zbk7w1n1ho9mk3/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look at The Capital Building in Washington D.C RADAR: Storms Move East Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Live Look at the Surf From Ocean Beach in California Beluga Whale Tank at the Georgia Aquarium Kittens Play on the ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Bald Eagle Tends to Her Chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Police Capture Man Who Allegedly Killed Orlando Cop in Abandoned Home By JULIA JACOBO Close Follow on Twitter More from Julia TOM LIDDY Jan 18, 2017, 4:25 AM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayCourtesy Orlando Police Department/Handout via Reuters WATCH Police Capture Man Who Allegedly Killed Orlando Cop in Abandoned Home 0 Shares Email Orlando police say that they have caught alleged cop killer Markeith Loyd, who was also wanted for killing a pregnant woman. Around 7 p.m. Tuesday, authorities located Loyd in an abandoned home, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said during a press conference. Police surrounded the home, but Loyd tried to escape through the back of the home before the SWAT teams arrived, Mina said. Loyd then ran back inside the home and left again through the front door, wearing body armor and carrying two handguns, including a Glock that contained a magazine with the capacity for 100 rounds of ammunition, Mina said. Loyd threw the guns to the ground and resisted arrest when police officers tried to detain him. He suffered minor injuries in the scuffle and was treated by firefighters, Mina said. Markeith Loyd was wearing body armor when he was apprehended. And had these guns in his possession. pic.twitter.com/T0AfzZibmA— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 On Dec. 9, Orlando Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was on duty by herself near a Walmart around 7 a.m. when a citizen approached her, telling her that a murder suspect was nearby, according to police. Clayton found Loyd and chased him, police said. He allegedly opened fire after Clayton told him to stop running. He was already wanted before he shot and killed Clayton for allegedly killing a pregnant woman. Clayton, a wife and mother, was shot multiple times, police said. She was wearing body armor at the time, but she later died. A funeral for the slain officer was held over the weekend. Loyd was placed in Clayton's handcuffs when he was caught, as part of a "tradition" in law enforcement that goes back "many, many years," Mina said. These are Lt. Debra Clayton's handcuffs. Markeith Loyd was placed in these when he was arrested. pic.twitter.com/3TKs9nw2lu— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Orange County records show Loyd was booked on charges of first-degree murder with a firearm, unlawful killing of an unborn child, attempted first-degree murder with a firearm and two counts aggravated assault with a firearm. Great police work got this cop killer and the killer of Sade Dixon and her unborn child off the street. pic.twitter.com/MkAdoHwZmM— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 18, 2017 Timeline of Manhunt for Alleged Orlando Killer Markeith Loyd Slain Officer Was Mom Who 'Deeply Cared' for Orlando Community Manhunt on for Murder Suspect Who Allegedly Killed Veteran Officer One of the first people Mina said he called after Loyd was caught was Clayton's husband, Seth Clayton, who expressed both relief and concern that Loyd was captured just around the corner from the home of Clayton's mother, Mina said. Authorities launched a massive manhunt last week in response to Clayton's death. Law enforcement was able to locate Loyd by "tireless" and "great police work," rather than anonymous tips, Mina said. Several agencies, including the Orlando Police Department, the Orange County Sheriff's Office, U.S. Marshals, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, the Metropolitan Bureau of Investigation, Homeland Security and the FBI participated in the hunt for Loyd. Last week, the reward for information leading to Loyd’s capture was raised to $125,000. "I was extremely happy that this dangerous person was off the streets," Mina said when asked by a reporter why he was seen smiling in the video of Loyd being led into the police station. More arrests are pending for anyone who helped Loyd evade police, Mina said. The investigation has revealed that Loyd received help and the home that he was found in has ties to some of his associates, Mina said. Police do not know how long Loyd was in the home before he was caught, the police chief said. An investigation of the arresting officer's use of force will be launched, per standard procedure, Mina said. In a statement, Florida Gov. Rick Scott said Loyd will be "held to the fullest extent of the law." "It is sickening that anyone would commit senseless violence against our brave first responders," Scott said. "Ann and I continue to pray for the families of the fallen heroes and hope today's news provides some relief.” 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Orlando Police Capture Alleged Cop Killer Markeith Loyd " Trump Orders Suspension of All Refugees, Immigrants From Some Muslim Nations " Trump Called National Park Service Upset Over Inauguration Crowd Retweet " Vice President Mike Pence Tells March for Life: 'Life Is Winning Again in America' " Seasonal Flu Reaches Epidemic Levels in US " Trump Says He'll Let Defense Secretary 'Override' Him on Torture After New Rape Lawsuit, Baylor Says Made 'Great Progress' " Trump, Mexico's President Speak by Phone " Putin Consults His Security Council Before Talking to Trump " Mumps Outbreak Worsens in Washington State " Army Veteran, Double-Amputee Finds New Battlefield in DC " Georgia Town Leaders Apologize for 1940 Lynching " In Iowa, Trump Voters Cheer Changes, Dismiss Petty Fights " Ivanka Trump's Son Crawls for First Time in White House " Holocaust Site Spurs Questions on Young Germans' Changing Views " Philadelphia Mayor: Trump's Remarks an 'Insult' to Police " New Trump Agency Memo Gags Staff Communications, Democrats Say " Little Girl Befriends Baby Cow Who Lost Its Mom " NASA Opens Exhibit on 50th Anniversary of Apollo 1 Fire " FBI Offers Up to $10K Reward for Information in Murder of ABC Chicago Producer in Belize " 'Hamilton' Actors to Sing 'America the Beautiful' at Super Bowl LI " Inside Taylor Swift's $25 Million Beverly Hills Mansion " 'Bear' the Dog Hoping to Find a New Forever Home
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store January 27, 2017 9:41 PM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement GM to add or keep 7,000 U.S. jobs, make $1B factory investment January 18, 2017 12:19 AM Paul Sancya/Associated Press In this Jan. 10 file photo, General Motors chairman and CEO Mary Barra speaks about the financial outlook of the automaker in Detroit. By Tom Krisher / Associated Press DETROIT — General Motors plans to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and add thousands of new white-collar jobs, measures that have been in the works for years but were announced Tuesday after criticism from President-elect Donald Trump. In all, the Detroit automaker said it will create or keep 7,000 jobs in the next few years, including about 2,000 at factories. Another 5,000 new positions will be created at its auto financing arm and to develop advanced technology, electric and autonomous vehicles and information technology. Mr. Trump has demanded the auto industry build more cars in the U.S. GM said these latest actions have been in the works since well before the election, although spokesman Patrick Morrissey acknowledged it’s a good time to announce new jobs in the U.S. Mr. Trump will be sworn in as the nation’s 45th president Friday. “There’s no question there is an emphasis on job creation in the U.S. right now,” he said. “This is good timing for us to share what we are doing.” Mr. Morrissey said most of the new positions would be in Michigan, with exact locations to be revealed at a later date. The long-planned new white-collar jobs will come in the next two or three years. GM said the factory investment will create or keep around 1,500 jobs at unspecified factories. In addition, 450 new pickup truck axle-making jobs that will be moved to Michigan from Mexico. GM also said an unidentified company that will make parts for the next-generation pickups will move 100 jobs from Mexico to Michigan. Mr. Trump has attacked GM and other automakers for building vehicles in Mexico and shipping them to the U.S. He has threatened to impose a 35 percent border tax on automotive imports from Mexico. Ford Motor Co., Hyundai Motor Co. and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles U.S. LLC have also recently announced large investments in their U.S. operations and the creation of new jobs. It’s a pattern of auto companies making routine jobs announcements to head off criticism from Mr. Trump, who made keeping U.S. factory jobs a key element of his campaign. “General Motors’ announcement today is mostly theater to play in the news cycle created by President-elect Trump’s tweets,” said Michelle Krebs, an auto industry analyst for Kelley Blue Book. “These investments and hiring plans have long been in the works.” Still, Mr. Trump on Twitter claimed credit for bringing auto jobs — and also the 10,000 retail jobs that Wal-Mart on Tuesday said it plans to add — Tuesday morning. “With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our country … I believe the people are seeing ‘big stuff,’ ” he wrote. His tweet was only partially true. No automaker has announced plans to build a new U.S. factory in recent years, but jobs have been added at existing plants. On the eve of the Detroit auto show last week, GM CEO Mary Barra said the company has no plans to change where it produces small cars in light of Mr. Trump’s threats. Mr. Trump threatened GM with a tax for importing some Chevrolet Cruze hatchback compact cars from Mexico. Most Cruzes sold in the U.S. are sedans built in Ohio. GM said it has invested more than $21 billion in the U.S. and created 25,000 jobs, including 19,000 white-collar and 6,000 blue-collar positions since it left bankruptcy protection in 2009. Earlier Tuesday, Hyundai said it will significantly increase its investment in the U.S. while Mr. Trump is president and is considering building a new U.S. factory. It didn’t provide further details and denied that political pressure was behind the company’s announcement of a $3.1 billion U.S. investment plan by 2021. Earlier this month, Ford announced it had scrapped plans to build a new $1.6 billion small-car factory in Mexico while Fiat Chrysler announced a $1 billion investment plan in its two U.S. factories. Although Ford announced plans for 700 new jobs in Michigan, it still plans to build the compact Ford Focus in Mexico, but at an existing factory. Jobs at the plant that now builds the Focus in suburban Detroit will remain because the plant will build a new SUV and small pickup truck. Fiat Chrysler’s job announcements were part of a plan announced last year to get out of the small and midsize car business and shift production to trucks and SUVs, including a new Jeep pickup. Nearly all automakers build small cars in Mexico to take advantage of its lower wages to offset lower prices and profit margins on the cars. General Motors Co - Ford Motor Co - Hyundai Motor Co - Donald Trump - Mary Barra - United States - Detroit - michigan - North America Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
` Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2016 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Health Care Heroes Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Technology Aviation & Aerospace Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Login [x] Email Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Subscribe Register Logged in as Logout Edit Profile View Cart   Quick Links: Forefront The Interview Issue Indiana 100 Highest-paid executives Anthem-Cigna full coverage Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2016 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Health Care Heroes Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Technology Aviation & Aerospace Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Home » Marsh to close store near 53rd and Keystone Marsh to close store near 53rd and Keystone January 17, 2017 IBJ Staff KEYWORDS Marsh / Shopping Centers / Retailers / Grocery Stores / Retail / store closing / Real Estate & Retail Comments Print Reprints / Text Size+ Larger Smaller [X] Related News and Opinion Marsh says it will upgrade nearly half its stores in 2016 Marsh closing three grocery stores in central Indiana Marsh closing stores in Marion, Columbus Marsh to shut down 8 stores by end of month Lawyers for Marsh Supermarkets can’t depose David Marsh Related Products Largest Indianapolis-Area Commercial Real Estate Brokerages - PDF Largest Indianapolis-Area Commercial Real Estate Brokerages - Excel Largest Indianapolis-Area Residential Real Estate Agencies - Excel The Marsh Hometown Market at 2302 E. 53rd St. will close by the end of the month. (IBJ photo/Mason King) Marsh Supermarkets plans to close its store near Keystone Avenue and 53rd Street this month—another possible sign that the Fishers-based chain is struggling amid increasing competition in the local grocery sector. The store, at 2302 E. 53rd St., is the same location where Marsh opened its first Indianapolis store, in 1957, when the chain was still based in Muncie. The grocery is in a retail center called Keystone Plaza, just down the street from a new Meijer store. It is set to shut down at 5 p.m. Jan. 28, just before its lease is to run out in February. Marsh had extended the store’s lease—which was originally scheduled to expire in August—in an effort “to give the store more opportunity before deciding” to close it, said company spokesman David Palmer. “We just don’t think it is going to be successful for the life of [another] lease,” he said. IBJ reported earlier Tuesday that Marsh owes a landlord $100,000 for the lease of a different store and owes other vendors at least $136,000. Palmer declined to comment on the company’s financial situation but said Marsh has no plans to close other stores. The chain has steadily shut down stores in recent years in the face of withering competition from Kroger, Meijer, Walmart and other chains. Marsh said in July that it has been boosting its competitiveness with an aggressive store-renovation program. It said it upgraded 25 stores over the last two years and that another 20 were in the planning stages. Palmer said three other Marsh stores “surround” the one that will be closing. He said he was unsure how many employees work at the Keystone location but said Marsh will offer those workers the opportunity to take jobs at other stores. Marsh, founded by the Marsh family in 1931, is owned by the Florida-based private equity firm Sun Capital Partners. It operates 72 Marsh and O’Malia locations in Indiana and Ohio, down from nearly 120 when it bought Marsh in 2006. Email Tweet ADVERTISEMENT Recent Articles by IBJ Staff Former Indy police chief takes job with local think tank Donation-app firm Givelify plans 40-job expansion downtown Central Indiana home sales rise for 14th straight month Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Restricted Content You must have JavaScript enabled to enjoy a limited number of articles over the next 30 days. Please clik here to continue without javascript.. GO Advanced Search This Week's Paper Survival questions swirl over HHGregg Bill alarms solar-power advocates Dan Dakich might be the nicest, most-hated person on Indy radio Most Read Comments Most Emailed 'Sisters of Savings' sell Hare Chevrolet to national firm Longtime news anchor departing WTHR WTHR reporter says he's leaving journalism Marsh grocery chain owes more than $200,000 in unpaid bills Music venue The Warehouse in Carmel abruptly closes Multimedia Images Videos IBJ Events Shane Johnson's editorial cartoons More Photos 2017 Economic Forecast: Changing of the guard More Videos Videos 2012 CFOs of the Year: Bill Brunner More Videos Events Join IBJ in honoring health care’s difference-makers—individuals, companies and charitable organizations that change lives for the better in the Indianapolis area on March 3, 2017. For more information, visit www.ibj.com/events. Stay on top of Indy’s tech scene Find out what’s new and what’s next at IBJ’s Technology Power Breakfast on March 16. Hear from top tech entrepreneurs, investors and up-and-comers who are building the city’s technology economy, and network with many more of the movers and shakers in tech. For more information, visit www.ibj.com/events. More Events Back to Top SUBSCRIPTIONS Online & Print Subscriptions FREE eNews SUBMIT TO EDIT Submit People Submit Records IBJ Awards FTP to IBJ IBJ.COM ACCOUNT My Account FREE IBJ.com Registrations EVENTS Upcoming IBJ Events Event Sponsorship Award Nominations SUPPORT & INFORMATION Customer Service Contact Us Privacy Policy Career Opportunities Newsstand Locations Reprints ONLINE PRODUCTS Bookstore ADVERTISING IBJ Advertising Contacts Classifieds Submit Advertising MULTIMEDIA Photo Galleries Videos IBJ on Facebook IBJ on Twitter Get IBJ Widgets IBJ.com Book of Lists Editorial Calendar Archives IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines/Supplements Polls Sitemap OTHER IBJ MEDIA WEBSITES The Indiana Lawyer Court & Commercial Record IBJ Custom Publishing IBJ Book Publishing Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use. Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Have Changed By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. ACCEPT IBJ MEDIA CORP 317-634-6200 Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing.

THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 28 Jan 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Egypt's Abu Soma signs contract for Soma Bay Red Sea Resort Toshiba decides to split off core chip business, sell stake Abraaj acquires majority stake in Jhimpir Power Saudi telecom sector market hits $49.2 bln Qatar's real estate market shows steady recovery Dubai’s private developers emerge winners in mortgages Dubai real estate brokers' commission $410 mln in 2016 Dubai developer Deyaar Q4 net profit falls 52% Interpipe registers trademark in Saudi Arabia to fight fake steel El-Mohandes Coatings plans export rise to $10 mln at 2017-end Egypt's Abu Soma signs contract for Soma Bay Red Sea Resort Makkah Criminal Court drops crane case citing lack of jurisdiction Oman's PDO boosts Duqm with $1.2bn pipeline supply contract Saudi Aramco selects U.S. firms to audit its reserves for IPO Abraaj acquires majority stake in Jhimpir Power Iraq to double oil export capacity at terminal to 1.2 mln bpd Moody's upgrades Afreximbank rating to 'Baa1' Abu Dhabi ADCB says majority shareholder stake now 62.52% Qatar Development Bank launches new scheme to support SMEs Dubai’s private developers emerge winners in mortgages Dubai Central Lab launches halal-testing service UAE's National Bonds registers 50% more female savers in 2016 Qatar International Islamic Bank Q4 net profit slips 7.2% Dubai Islamic Bank targets 10-15% loan growth in 2017 Toshiba decides to split off core chip business, sell stake As regulators waver, Apple takes on Qualcomm in courts Saudi telecom sector market hits $49.2 bln Dubai TRA warns of fake WiFi networks Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Qatar economic growth to pick up in 2017, says QIF Kuwait Public Authority for Manpower takes steps to 'regulate' labor market UAE-India developing strategy to increase bilateral trade by 60% Jordan's King Abdullah to visit U.S. from Monday Saudi Aramco selects U.S. firms to audit its reserves for IPO The UAE's bid to boost rainfall in the desert Oman invites bids for developing logistics hub UAE's Mohamed bin Zayed attends India Republic Day Parade Jordan's King Abdullah to visit U.S. from Monday Syrian Observatory says army thwarts IS attack near Aleppo supply route Lebanon re-launches first oil and gas licensing round Turkey awaits results of Trump's call for Syria safe zones Tunisia expects more bond issues this year Trump administration debates designating Muslim Brotherhood as terrorist group Libya needs forex policy change to ease cash crunch, says deputy PM Tunisia aims to cut 50,000 public sector jobs Syria's million-tonne Russian wheat deal in jeopardy Expecting Trump action, U.S. suspends refugee resettlement interviews UAE-India developing strategy to increase bilateral trade by 60% Trump to sign executive actions on border security, immigration enforcement Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Egypt may sell bonds in Japanese and Chinese currencies Syria's million-tonne Russian wheat deal in jeopardy Saudi Aramco selects U.S. firms to audit its reserves for IPO Tunisia expects more bond issues this year Qatar equity market has broken out of technical downtrend: Credit Suisse Saudi Aramco selects U.S. firms to audit its reserves for IPO MSCI welcomes Saudi reforms, repeats it may launch EM inclusion review in June Abu Dhabi ADCB says majority shareholder stake now 62.52% Dollar edges up, Mexican peso tumbles on Trump's tax proposal Egypt may sell bonds in Japanese and Chinese currencies Tunisia expects more bond issues this year Sudanese pound jumps against dollar on black market Syria's million-tonne Russian wheat deal in jeopardy Gold extends losses to two-week low as dollar rises Oil prices dip as rising U.S. output offsets OPEC-led cuts Iraq to double oil export capacity at terminal to 1.2 mln bpd Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Saudi Arabia to penalize employers holding workers' passports UAE residents urged to get 'no liability letter' after loans are repaid Dubai TRA warns of fake WiFi networks Makkah Criminal Court drops crane case citing lack of jurisdiction Bill seeks primary elections in Kuwait Kuwait Public Authority for Manpower takes steps to 'regulate' labor market Trump to sign order banning Muslim immigrants, refugees from certain Arab countries 'UAE Energy Plan 2050' to attract sustainable long-term investments Interpipe registers trademark in Saudi Arabia to fight fake steel Dubai TRA warns of fake WiFi networks Egyptian rights lawyer says he's banned from travel Five arrested in Lebanon on suspicion of collaborating with Israel Saudi Arabia sets deadline to stop using plastic bags, containers Saudi Arabia to penalize employers holding workers' passports Oman courts get tough on consumer law violators As regulators waver, Apple takes on Qualcomm in courts UAE residents urged to get 'no liability letter' after loans are repaid Ever-vigilant law-keepers keep UAE safe Saudi Shura Council rejects expat remittance tax Kuwait hangs royal prince convicted of murder Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Smart changing rooms on Dubai beaches Iranian actress to shun Oscars in protest of Trump immigrant ban The UAE's bid to boost rainfall in the desert Soccer-Egypt emerge from slow start as Nations Cup contenders Omani develops early prostate cancer diagnosis marker Report food poisoning cases to Dubai Municipality Smoking main cause of chronic lower back pain Healthy babies don't need apps to monitor vital signs Call for Saudis to apply to US education program UAE Honey Festival now in February Indian expat community to celebrate UAE- India fest from today Alexandra Shulman steps down as editor of British Vogue 8,900 phones left behind in Abu Dhabi taxis Smart changing rooms on Dubai beaches Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort hikes membership fees to $200,000 Etihad Airways expands Boeing 787 network in the Levant and Far East Lebanon to unveil plan to win back Arab tourists Iranian actress to shun Oscars in protest of Trump immigrant ban Orwell's dystopian novel back as bestseller since Trump in power Arab comedians to shine on Comedy Central Madonna says Malawi visit for charity but not adoption Soccer-Barcelona thrash Real Sociedad to reach King's Cup semis Golf-Tiger struggles at Torrey Pines, Rose sets pace Soccer-Egypt emerge from slow start as Nations Cup contenders Oman hopes for home advantage in Sailing Arabia Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement equities   Wall St declines as some post-election gainers reverse 17 Jan 2017 U.S. stocks fall, with financials, transports and other big post-election gainers losing ground as earnings season kicked into gear. Bobbi Rebell reports. Video Transcript A tough Tuesday for the U.S. financial markets. Stocks fell on weakness in bank and healthcare shares. Investors skittish after President-elect Donald Trump said he would target companies over drug pricing and that he was ready to unveil a plan to repeal Obamacare. Investors are also nervous about what his policies will mean to world trade according to Recon Capital's Kevin Kelly: SOUNDBITE: KEVIN KELLY, CHIEF INVESTMENT STRATEGIST, RECON CAPITAL (ENGLISH) SAYING: "A lot more nervousness especially as you've seen other world leaders come out and say hey we are not going to just fold. We are not going to redo these trade agreements you know we are going to really focus and you've got nationalist and protectionist policies at the forefront." Morgan Stanley shares fell even though its profit doubled in the fourth quarter thanks to a surge in trading activity. Wal-Mart stock rose after the retailer said it would create 10,000 jobs in the United States this year. General Motors says it will invest a billion dollars in its factories in 2017. The top automaker will also move some parts production from Mexico to the United States. Turning to Europe: British American Tobacco has agreed a $49.4 billion takeover of U.S. rival Reynolds American creating the world's biggest listed tobacco company after it increased an earlier offer by more than $2 billion. Deutsche Bank has signed a $7.2 billion settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice over its sale and pooling of toxic mortgage securities in the run up to the 2008 financial crisis. As for the major European country indexes...they closed lower in Tuesday's session. Multimedia VIDEO Line shares tumble 10 percent on weak results VIDEO Rally against Trump's plans on Muslim immigrants and refugees gallery History of a special relationship AUDIO Latest news from India, including Trump, Modi swapping invitations AUDIO Road ahead: UAE-India relationship after royal visit AUDIO Latest sports news, including another heart-breaking loss for Liverpool Advertisement Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Uncle Of Orlando Shooter's Widow: 'I Know She's Innocent, I Raised Her' by Jay Barmann in News on Jan 17, 2017 4:15 pm Noor Salman, the widow of Pulse nightclub mass-murderer Omar Mateen, appeared briefly in federal court in Oakland Tuesday morning facing charges that could potentially send her to prison for life. As the Chronicle reports, she was indicted by a grand jury in Orlando on Thursday and charged with providing material support to a terrorist organization and obstruction of justice  with the indictment just unsealed today. She arrived in a yellow t-shirt and gray sweatpants, and ABC 7 provides the sad courtroom sketch of her shown above. The New York Times reports that she "shook visibly" while facing judge Judge Donna M. Ryu, and her voice was "scarcely audible" when she made her only vocal response, acknowledging that she understood the charges against her. The language of the charging document says that Salman did "knowingly aid and abet Omar Mateen’s attempted provision and provision of ‘material support or resources’" to ISIS. TV journalists from around the state swarmed Salman's uncle, Al Salman, who gave statements to the press outside the courtroom denying that his niece bore any responsibility for the tragedy, the worst mass shooting in US history, which claimed the lives of 49 people last June. "She didn't know what was going on," the uncle said. "The only thing in her life is she wants to raise up her son. If she knew about what that crazy guy was going to do, she wouldn't be here. She would take her son and run away from him." He added, "She’s a very soft, sweet girl. I know she’s innocent. I raised her." Uncle of wife of Orlando nightclub killer defending her in front of courthouse this morning- says she is sweet girl. pic.twitter.com/wSdCmhqizV— Amy Hollyfield (@amyhollyfield) January 17, 2017 When asked about her contact with her husband the night of the shooting, Al Salman said he called his cellphone to find out where he was (previous reports had it that they only texted). "He said, ‘Don’t you see the news?’ She told him ‘no.’ He said, ‘I love you babe.’ That’s all she knows," said Salman. NBC News reports that Salman was reached the night of the attack by her mother-in-law, asking about the whereabouts of Mateen, to which she apparently replied "He's not here, let me call him." The content of that last exchange between the couple notwithstanding, federal prosecutors say that Noor Salman "knowingly misled" FBI agents in the days following the shooting and during the twelve hours during which she was initially questioned about her husband's planning of the event, and what she may have known about it. In the seven months since the attack, federal investigators have clearly compiled enough evidence to prosecute Salman despite her denials, though further details of what they know about her actions are still to be revealed. Salman's arraignment, and a discussion of the terms of her detention, are expected to happen Wednesday. It's been widely reported via FBI statements that Salman admitted to driving Mateen to the nightclub at least once prior to the attack, and driving him to a Walmart where he purchased ammunition  something she told the New York Times in November was just a routine errand, because he was a security guard and frequented a shooting range. At the time she claimed she was "unaware of everything" her husband had planned, however she admitted to knowing that he watched jihadist videos online. Prosecutors now say Salman was involved in her husband's plot as early as April, perhaps pointing to a trip they took with their son to Disney World that month. The couple returned there in June, and it's been suggested that Mateen had first considered the amusement park as a target, before settling on the nightclub. An argument is expected to be put forth by her attorneys that she was the victim of domestic violence, and was therefore too scared of her husband to inquire about his plans, or too much in the dark because he kept her there. One of Salman's previous lawyers, Linda Moreno of Tampa, has already cited domestic abuse as an issue, saying it is "misguided and wrong to prosecute her," per the NYT. A provisional public defender spoke in court on Salman's behalf today, saying that Charles Swift, the director of the Constitutional Law Center for Muslims in America, was en route to Oakland to represent her. Salman has, according to the Chronicle, been living with her ailing mother in Rodeo, east of San Francisco, since sometime last year, and her son is being cared for by relatives. Salman and Mateen were married in the Bay Area, where Salman grew up, in 2011, and later moved to Fort Pierce, Florida, where they had their son. In December, SFist learned that Salman had filed a petition in court in Contra Costa County to have her son's name legally changed  he currently has his father's surname, and Omar for a middle name. She was arrested Monday and taken into custody as Santa Rita jail in Dublin, pending the unsealing of the indictment against her. Previously: FBI Arrests Noor Salman, Widow Of Orlando Shooter, Outside San Francisco Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. twitter facebook reddit print fbi noor salman oakland omar mateen orlando shooting terrorism Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. best of sfist The 10 Best Unsung Bistros In San Francisco Eight SF Antidotes To The Inauguration (Besides Drinking Actual Poison) The 12 Best Mac & Cheese Dishes In SF and Oakland Nine Ways To Kick Off A Cleanse, Juice And Otherwise The 15 Best New SF Restaurants Of 2016   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: CES Round-Up: What Investors Need to Know We chat with Daniel Kline, our "boots on the ground" correspondent at the Consumer Electronics Show to see what big tech trends were showcased last week in Las Vegas. Motley Fool Staff Jan 17, 2017 at 7:13PM In this episode of Industry Focus: Tech, Dylan Lewis talks with Daniel Kline about some of the biggest trends and most exciting innovations he's seen so far at CES 2017. Find out how the wave of smart home technology has swept its way toward the mainstream, why drones aren't likely to find a market application any time soon, a few things that investors need to be wary of any time they read about an industry trade show, and more. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 6, 2017. Dylan Lewis: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. It's Friday, Jan. 6, and we're getting a dispatch from our boots on the ground at CES. I'm your host, Dylan Lewis, and I'm joined on Skype by fool.com contributor Daniel Kline. Dan, how's it going over in Las Vegas? Daniel Kline: Oh boy, it's a little colder than expected, but it's pretty exciting out here. Lewis: This is kind of like your Christmas, right? You're Mr. Gadget for fool.com. Kline: (laughs) Here's the thing: It's my Christmas if right at the end of Christmas, everything you get gets taken away. (laughs) You know? You get to see a lot of really cool stuff, but you don't get to take it home. Lewis: Yeah. It's a lot of demos and trials at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. For folks that might not be as familiar with your work, Dan, I would say that when it comes to trying stuff out and reviewing it, or just buying it for the sake of having a sense of what this consumer technology might be like, you're kind of the king for The Fool. Kline: I was going to say, in terms of being a dummy who owns 17 smartwatches and an Apple Newton, that's me. Lewis: But this is right up your alley. I was really excited that you were going to be traveling there, and we could have you on the ground, so we could get a little report on what you've seen so far. The conference started yesterday, right? Kline: It started for me yesterday. There was a press day before that, but I was stuck in travel problems. It's the second-biggest show of the year here in Las Vegas, so getting here is a challenge. Flights get backed up, and there was some weather, so that was interesting. But what I found most shocking -- I wasn't here last year, but I was here two years ago, and if you replace 3D television with 4K television, I'm seeing a lot of the same things. There's booths full of drones, there's a lot of A.I., there's a lot of home automation. I'd say the home automation is a little bit more practical, because a lot of it is tied to the Amazon Echo, or other devices like that, which actually have some penetration. But, if you changed those TVs out and told me it was two years ago and I had fallen into a time warp, that's kind of what it's like here. Lewis: So, your point is, year to year, there hasn't been a big difference? And, actually, you weren't there last year, so you're talking two years ago. Kline: I was not there last year, so it was two years ago. And two years ago, you walked out and everybody was trying their different smart devices. And I think yesterday, I saw a smart toothbrush that performs the same functions as that little tablet they gave you in sixth grade that turns the plaque red. I saw a smart pillow, a smart mirror, a smart shirt, I'm not even sure what the shirt did. But, there's just an awful lot of stuff here that's just mild variants on things that already do work. I'm not seeing, for example, any major evolution in smartphones. I'm not seeing laptops that look different. At least, two years ago, you got those portable stick laptops, the computers, they felt like they were going to become a thing but it never really did. I'm not seeing anything like that. The innovations are incremental. Charging -- there's some very interesting quick-charge products. There are a lot of device holders that are sort of revolutionary, like, if you want to wear your smartphone on a ring. There really isn't any category that I look at and say, "Oh, wow, that's going to change how we make coffee," or "That's going to change how I get to work," or anything like that. It's all very incremental. Lewis: So, if we're not seeing new categories coming out, why don't we talk a little bit about the categories that did exist a couple years ago, and maybe what the next phases of those types of devices look like. I know that you've already written a little bit about the smart home market in some of your CES coverage, which is available on fool.com. The Consumer Technology Association, which is the trade group that puts on CES, released a report saying that smart homes would be the most popular means of Internet of Things engagement. They're also predicting 29 million units of sales in 2017, which would be over 60% increase year over year. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in respect to that market? Kline: Yeah, I mentioned this a few seconds ago, I'm seeing a lot of things that tie into Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) Echo, Microsoft's Cortana, even Apple's iPhone -- technologies you already have and already understand. Two years ago, everybody had a platform. They were trying to get into your living room, they were trying to control things. Now, it's much more, "OK, we know what the platforms are, we know that about 20% of Americans have iPhones, and the Echo has been a huge seller." So, it's really tying in useful things to that. My mom isn't going to buy a stand-alone light bulb or a thermostat device that she then has to get an app for. But if she can plug in a light bulb and tell her Amazon Echo, "Echo, turn the light on," she might do that. We're starting to see practical implications of the sci-fi reality of walking into your house and saying, "Kitchen, make me a bagel." Lewis: And it seems like this is really, largely, in response to consumer demand for this type of technology, right? This is something that, broadly, mainstream consumer seem to be clamoring for. Kline: I think it was sort of a sneaky backdoor by Amazon. When the Echo came out, it was really pushed as a music player. And it's a lovely music player. You can walk into your living room and say, "Play Bruce Springsteen," and it'll play whatever you like. And then they slowly -- and we have a Fool skill on there, you can listen to the podcast by asking for it -- and that became very useful. So, it's not a huge leap when you're already using that. If you're already using Siri to give you directions, it's not crazy to ask a Siri-enabled device, whether that be a phone or Apple TV or whatever it is, to give you a recipe, and eventually to tie into, maybe, monitoring the temperature of your house. It's gone from something your cool geeky friend would have to, "Oh, OK, I already understand this, and now we can go to Target and buy this device, and that will integrate this way." And you're seeing a lot of that. Now, there's plenty of stuff that will never make it to the home. I think there's a level of monitoring -- I saw a multiple smart home beds. I buy you might try the Sleep Number bed, where you can adjust it yourself. I'm not sure you need data analytics on how many times you flip over during the night. Lewis: Yeah, that's a little invasive for the bedroom, I think. Kline: It's just, people are trying to give you data you're not looking for. Now, for some person -- if you're not sleeping, that might be very useful. But it becomes a niche. And the real winners are going to be people that provide everyday usefulness. The first time you could put coffee beans in a Mr. Coffee and program it so when you woke up, something was there, that you didn't have to do that in the morning, that was a practical innovation. And you're really starting to see that with home automation now. Lewis: OK. We talked about home automation. One of the other categories you mentioned was VR and AR. This seems to be one of the segments that might enjoy the most year-over-year growth. I know that CTA expects sales of 2.5 million units, or 80%, basically, year over year. What are you seeing with that segment there? Kline: It's all Samsung. I actually had dinner last night with Jack McCauley, one of the gentleman who created Oculus. Samsung licenses the Oculus technology. He admitted that the devices are awkward to wear, and right now, it's really a gaming niche. You're seeing some really interesting gaming technology. What you're not seeing is how it breaks out beyond that. Microsoft isn't here, at least not officially. You might see HoloLens or some product like that have a real commercial application. You saw a little bit of it with Google Glass, where a doctor could be using it in the operating room to get outside advice. You're seeing a lot of high-end plays like that. But you and I, even me as a gadget guy, I'm not spending $799, $999, whatever it is, to buy a high-end device. But you're going to see a lot more penetration in the $99 to $199 market, whether that be with the Samsung product, or with Sony products. And I assume, eventually, we'll get some version of that for Xbox. And the gaming technology is incredible. Where you're seeing a lot of advancement is in how your head moves to get rid of some of that motion sickness that's associated with it. The technology is just leaps and bounds better than what it was even a couple of years ago. Lewis: I think one of the ways that you can look at the VR market, particularly with gaming, is the rigs that are dependent on a computer, and are generally much costlier, and the headsets that you can run with your smartphone, and just put your smartphone in. It sounds like some of the more smartphone-oriented ones have a clearer path to market, and maybe more mainstream appeal. Is that what you're seeing? Kline: Yeah, that's going to be the short-term growth. But I think you might see some of the higher-end devices -- you know how now, you can go to your local movie theater, and they're showing an opera, or a sold-out UFC fight, or that type of experience, you might pay $25 or $30 for it? It's not crazy to think that someday, you're going to go down to your local Dave & Buster's or a movie theater or whatever it is, put on a headset, and watch the Superbowl from the 50-yard line, or a NASCARrace, or a concert, or whatever it is. There might be some commercial applications that are frivolous like that that justify a store or a business spending a couple grand for a setup in a way to get a monetary return that isn't just a novelty. Lewis: I have to ask this because it's a topic that people love to hear about: What's going on with drones at CES? Kline: They're everywhere, and I have not seen any sort of viable application for them. There are some very cool variations of the drones you see at Brookstone, the Star Wars-like drones. There's a lot of cool kid game applications. There's a lot of hobbyist, high-end, $600 to $700, you play with it in your backyard, you spy on your neighbors, whatever creepy thing you're doing with it. There are dozens of people showing drones, and nobody explaining why I'm going to buy it and what I'm going to do with it, other than some very silly things. There are, obviously, commercial applications of drones. Wal-Mart is using them to do inventory in its warehouses. You're not seeing a lot of that there. The drones are almost exactly what you saw two years ago, except maybe they're a little bit easier to pilot. The technology is very cool, but I don't know, do you need a drone? What would you do with it? Lewis: Yeah, I don't personally have any use for them. Actually, I don't think, as a resident in the District of Columbia, I can have a drone. I'm pretty sure they don't allow that, at least near the capital. (laughs) So I certainly don't have a use case for one. It has seemed for a long time like the more upscale camera-shoot type drones, if you're trying to get big landscape shots or stuff like that, maybe farmers using them for agricultural purposes, obviously Amazon has delivery intentions with drones, it's going to be a lot more targeted enterprise stuff than mainstream consumer tech, at least in my eyes. Kline: See, I know Amazon is putting a lot of effort into them. I've seen the videos. I think there's limited applications for that. If you're Amazon, it might make sense to use a drone to deliver to someplace you're never going to send a truck. But I don't picture a sky full of drones delivering me a bag of gummy bears and you a book. It does not seem like the most practical way to do it. And that goes to something else I've seen a lot of here: robots. There are, I'll call them "fake robots," because this isn't a robot with a personality where you're going to have to tell it what to do. It's really an iPad strapped to a robot that has a little bit of A.I. programming, so it smiles when you say "hello." And they're everywhere. They look like people, they look like the end scene in Battlestar Galactica, where you start to see robots taking over the world. But, again, like the drones, they do some interesting A.I. stuff, but they don't really have any more technology than the robots from the 1980s that were really just R.C. cars that you could use to bring your friend a drink. Lewis: Now, the companies that are behind those types of robots, are there any big players in that? Or are these mostly small start-ups? Kline: They're small start-ups, and "look at me!" from some of the big players. I'm not going to say directly who, because I don't remember. You do see robots at some of the larger, higher-end booths, but I think it's more to flag down your attention. It's not the product they're going to bring to market. Just like there's some concept cars here, there's a lot of driverless technology, a lot of really interesting driver-assisted technology, but they're really just to get headlines. They're years away. You might see aspects of them, but I don't think there's any viable player in the U.S. who thinks that tomorrow, in your house, you're going to have a robot butler who's powered by an iPad. It just doesn't seem practical quite yet. Lewis: Yeah, trade shows, particularly CES, are full of more gimmicky, less useful, or less recognizably mainstream-application-type technology being shown off. What were some of the very cool things that you've seen? Kline: Well, after spending a day walking around, the booths full of massage chairs looked pretty inviting. Lewis: (laughs) I bet. Kline: But, really, the coolest stuff I'm seeing are things I could imagine actually having. There are some, call them hover-sled-like transportation devices that build off the Segway model, that you could see, maybe, eventually being a practical urban way of getting around. You're also seeing a lot of really cool home automation stuff that I don't think is going to be mainstream, but for some of us who are very tech-oriented, it's more practical in the next year or two for me to really make everything in my house work on a voice command. I can see some ways to do that. I've also seen some very cool wearables, where whether it's interacting with a video game or controlling a drone or a robot, there's some very cool gloves and other devices that seem like fun. Whether any of these are actually going to make it to market or not, that's very hard to know. Lewis: Yeah, I think that's one of the most important things that you have to keep in mind when you see buzz from CES or South by Southwest, or really any tech trade show. You have people trying to make a splash and trying to get headlines and get a lot of press. That leads to, in some ways, needless innovation, or innovation without a marketplace, necessarily. I remember at South by Southwest in Austin last year, one of the coolest things I saw, bar none, was a VR headset rig that used an Oculus headset, but then also had this fighter jet-type pod. So, you put on the headset, you got in the pod, and the headset reacted to the movements of the pod itself. So, you could be flying upside down, doing tumbling 360s, whatever, and that's what you were experiencing in the headset. It was fully immersive. I was talking to the guys who developed it afterwards, and I said, "What's the application here? How are you guys going to bring this to market? This seems like this probably cost $500,000 or $1 million to develop, so I can only imagine it's going to be extremely expensive to buy as a consumer." And they said, "You know, we're not really sure yet. We're in the business of making cool stuff and then figuring it out later." Kline: That's the theme of the day here. I walk around the show and I picture myself walking with the Shark Tank people and just dismissing 80% of these as "cool, but a bad idea." There's so much innovation that doesn't solve the problem. I don't need my smart shirt to tell me I'm sweating because it's hot. There's so much of that. When you look at technology, what technology do people buy? If it's truly transformative, you might buy something you never thought you needed. But for the most part, if it doesn't solve a problem for you, you're not going to spend money on it. A smart mirror that tells you your lipstick is smudged -- which is pretty much something you can see in a regular old dumb mirror -- isn't going to break through, no matter how cool it is. And the price tag on all this stuff ... It's one thing if Apple says, "We're going to give you something you don't need, but we can make a billion of them and price it accordingly." When it's one of these small booth companies that has some sort of innovative tracking system for, I don't know, a smart plate, so you can keep track of what you're eating and lose weight, that sounds very cool, but it's never going to become a mainstream product. Lewis: Yeah. I think, as an investor, you need to take whatever excitement you have -- whatever the tech side of you is that gets really excited about what you're seeing at some of these trade shows -- and always bring it back around to, what does addressable market realistically look like for some of these businesses? To bring it to companies that are publicly traded and very popular now, you look at GoPro or Fitbit. These are businesses that, maybe the market thought the addressable market was a lot larger than it actually is, and they've hit saturation a little bit quicker. And these are wildly popular consumer devices. So, to scale that back down, some of these extremely niche products, especially the smart solutions like the mirrors and plates you're talking about, it's tough to see really getting mainstream appeal. Kline: Yeah. The interesting thing is, two years ago, maybe longer than that, I would have looked at the robot vacuum, which now you can find in the $300 range, maybe even less on sale -- but, when those were $500 or $600, I looked at it and went, "OK, that's kind of cool, but nobody is going to spend this kind of money." And I was wrong. That has become a breakout category. And it's pushed the prices down, it's expanded the market. I don't know if it'll ever be something that everyone has. It's not correct for every home. But, that was an example of something that seemed a little bit ridiculous that broke through the market. And I'm sure there's products like that here, but I haven't seen anything -- even as a real tech guy -- that I thought, "Oh my God, sell me one of those, I don't care what the price is." Lewis: Yeah. So, Dan, we're coming to the close of the show here. Before I let you go: What can people expect for future coverage from you for the next couple days? Anything to look forward to, anything you're really excited about, anything like that? Kline: I'm going to spend today looking at things that may actually impact you. I'm going to go over and look at the new product that Dish introduced, where you can integrate over-the-air television with some of your streaming services, making all of that one box. I'm going to try to focus on things like, this is a practical battery charger that I might buy that's already on the market. I'm going to get away from the fanciful, and look at, these are the five things at CES that you could buy at the store next week that you might actually buy. Lewis: Well, we'll be looking forward to reading it. Listeners, if you want to check out any of Dan Kline's coverage, you can find it on his author page on fool.com. We also have Supernova team lead David Kretzmann at CES. You can find all of his content at ces.fool.com. Thanks for joining us on today's show, Dan! Kline: Thank you! Lewis: Listeners, that does it for this episode of Industry Focus. If you have any questions, or just want to reach out and say hey, shoot us an email at industryfocus@fool.com. You can always tweet us @MFIndustryFocus, as well. If you like the show and are looking for more of our stuff, subscribe on iTunes, or you can check out The Fool's family of shows at fool.com/podcasts. As always, people on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear. For Dan Kline, I'm Dylan Lewis, thanks for listening and Fool on! Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's Board of Directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Daniel Kline owns shares of Apple and Microsoft. Dylan Lewis owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Apple, Fitbit, and GoPro. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple, short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple, short January 2019 $12 calls on GoPro, and long January 2019 $12 puts on GoPro. The Motley Fool recommends Dave and Buster's Entertainment. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Jan 17, 2017 at 7:13PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $835.77 down $-3.38 (-0.40%) Read More Analysts Can't Figure Out Alphabet's Puzzling $320 Million Charge 4 Reasons I'm Buying China Mobile Ltd. (ADR) Stock How Intel Corporation Can Strengthen Its Relationship With Apple Inc. PC Systems Lifted Intel Corp.'s Fourth-Quarter Profits Why Oclaro Inc. Could Quietly Outperform the Market in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current CES Round-Up: What Investors Need to Know @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Community leaders react with relief to capture of accused police killer Police Chief John Mina discusses capture of Markeith Loyd Marketh Loyd, the suspect in the killing of a Orlando police officer, is now in custody. Marketh Loyd, the suspect in the killing of a Orlando police officer, is now in custody. Staff report Leaders laud police for their work in arrest Privacy Policy As news traveled around the region about the capture Markeith Loyd, wanted in the death of Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis and Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, law enforcement, elected officials and friends offered reactions on social media. The first news of the arrest came from OPD's twitter account itself, rejoicing: "We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD Custody. Details to Come." Attached was a photo of Loyd with the word CAPTURED in red capital letters. "You wore Badge #9 and we lost you on the 9th. 9 days later you were able to use your handcuffs one last time. RIP Lt Clayton," Orlando Police tweeted. Orlando City Commissioner Regina Hill, who worked with Clayton on anti-crime initiatives and was a close friend, wrote on Facebook, "CAPTURED!!!!!!! Debra Thomas and Sade can Rest IN Peace!!!! The Community did it!!" PICTURE GALLERY: See pictures from the arrest of Markeith Loyd. Loyd, 41, was arrested at 7 p.m. in an abandoned house at 1157 Lescot Lane near Raleigh Street, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said at a press conference Tuesday night. Thomas was Clayton's name before she got married last year. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer thanked law enforcement on Twitter for capturing the accused killer. "Thank you Orlando Police and partners for capturing this fugitive," Dyer said. "Prayers continue for families of fallen officers." Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs also chimed in on social media, expressing pride and excitement. "Manhunt has ended! Continued prayers for the families of Lt Debra Clayton and DFC Norm Lewis," Jacobs tweeted. "Great work by our heroes in law enforcement!" Florida Highway Patrol Orlando said, "We can not express the words to @OrlandoPolice @OrangeCoSheriff on how glad we are that this [alleged] murderer is off the street." A tweeter known as TrooperSteveFHP said: "To my friend #BigNorm... we got him man... we got him." Carver Shores residents relieved Markeith Loyd caught Stephen Hudak Neighbors in the Carver Shores area in west Orlando, where suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd was arrested Tuesday night, were relieved to hear he wasn't on the loose anymore. "I was like, 'Thank you Jesus,'" said Jackie Roy, who lives nearby. She said her two sons catch the city bus to school... Neighbors in the Carver Shores area in west Orlando, where suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd was arrested Tuesday night, were relieved to hear he wasn't on the loose anymore. "I was like, 'Thank you Jesus,'" said Jackie Roy, who lives nearby. She said her two sons catch the city bus to school... (Stephen Hudak) Law enforcement remained on the scene of the arrest throughout the evening Tuesday. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies plan on getting a search warrant for the Lescot Lane home Wednesday. "Woo, yeah, they got him," said area resident Tina James as she walked to retrieve her car at the Sunoco gas station on Raleigh Street. "If you can kill a police officer who else will you kill? Really!" People gathered outside Timber Sound apartments, which has an entrance facing Lescot Lane, and watched as four police cars blocked off the entrance to the road about 8:15 p.m. James, who lives nearby, said she worried because Loyd was on the loose. Terri Sokolovic, a close friend of Clayton, was shopping in Wal-Mart when her phone rang with news of Loyd's arrest Tuesday evening. Her eyes welled with tears as she said, "Praise God," aloud. "I'm happy they caught him," Sokolovic said. "I'm happy he's not out there with his armor shooting anybody or taking anybody's life." The two became fast friends after meeting at a charity event in 2015 at Camping World Stadium. Last year, Clayton spent two days at Sokolovic's home to take care of her following a surgery. "The public is free from his reign of terror," Sokolovic said. Green Bay Packers Safety Ha Ha Clinton-Dix, who is from Edgewater and attended Dr. Phillips High School, had tributes to Clayton and Lewis on his cleats during the football game against the Dallas Cowboys on Sunday. On Twitter, within minutes of the arrest, he summed up the feelings of a lot of the community with emojis of two officers, prayer hands a simple word: "Justice." U.S. Rep. Darren Soto, of District 9, said "Thank u to @OrlandoPolice & @OrangeCoSheriff for bringing Markeith Loyd to justice." Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Law Enforcement Debra Clayton Markeith Loyd Orlando Police Department Norman Lewis Buddy Dyer Orange County Mina: Crimeline tip didn't lead to arrest of accused cop killer Markeith Loyd Markeith Loyd captured: Suspect in Orlando police officer's killing in custody All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 58°
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Carver Shores residents relieved Markeith Loyd caught Carver Shores residents relieved Markeith Loyd has been caught - Orlando News Now "I was like, 'Thank you Jesus,'" said Jackie Roy, who lives nearby. She said her two sons catch the city bus to school every morning near Lescot Lane, where Loyd was arrested at an abandoned house. "I was like, 'Thank you Jesus,'" said Jackie Roy, who lives nearby. She said her two sons catch the city bus to school every morning near Lescot Lane, where Loyd was arrested at an abandoned house. Stephen HudakContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Neighbors in the Carver Shores area in west Orlando, where suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd was arrested Tuesday night, were relieved to hear he wasn't on the loose anymore. "I was like, 'Thank you Jesus,'" said Jackie Roy, who lives nearby. She said her two sons catch the city bus to school every morning near Lescot Lane, where Loyd was arrested at an abandoned house. "We had people here in fear. He didn't have anything to lose," she said. Roy said she heard a helicopter hovering and saw police gathering Tuesday afternoon and was hoping they had caught Loyd. About 7 p.m. Tuesday, Loyd came out of the house, wearing body armor and with two guns, which he threw on the ground. Officers arrested him using the handcuffs that belonged to Orlando Lt. Debra Clayton, whom he is accused of killing on Jan. 9 outside a Wal-Mart. Markeith Loyd captured: Suspect in police officer's killing in custody Markeith Loyd has been captured after a nine-day manhunt, the Orlando Police Department announced on Twitter Tuesday night. Markeith Loyd has been captured after a nine-day manhunt, the Orlando Police Department announced on Twitter Tuesday night. See more videos "Woo, yeah, they got him," said Tina James as she walked to retrieve her car at the Sunoco gas station on Raleigh Street. "If you can kill a police officer who else will you kill? Really!" There was a heavy law enforcement presence in the area hours after the arrest, with police cruisers blocking Lescot Lane and some side streets. A dozen or so people gathered near Timber Sound apartments, which has an entrance facing Lescot Lane, talking about the arrest, with some taking photos and video. Kawanna Williams, 39, who lives in Timber Sound, said a friend wouldn't come visit her because she suspected Loyd was loose in the neighborhood. PICTURE GALLERY: See pictures from the arrest of Markeith Loyd. Loyd, 41, was arrested at 7 p.m. in an abandoned house at 1157 Lescot Lane near Raleigh Street, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said at a press conference Tuesday night. "I was in the house with the door locked," said Williams, who has two kids, ages 9 and 12. "I kept saying, he needs to be caught. I'll sleep easier tonight." She said she had a message for police: "Good job. Good job. Well done." Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Markeith Loyd Markeith Loyd Police Chief John Mina discusses capture of Markeith Loyd Markeith Loyd added to U.S. Marshals' top 15 Most Wanted list All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 58°
` Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2016 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Health Care Heroes Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Technology Aviation & Aerospace Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Login [x] Email Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Subscribe Register Logged in as Logout Edit Profile View Cart   Quick Links: Forefront The Interview Issue Indiana 100 Highest-paid executives Anthem-Cigna full coverage Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2016 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Health Care Heroes Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Technology Aviation & Aerospace Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Home » Marsh to close store near 53rd and Keystone Marsh to close store near 53rd and Keystone January 17, 2017 IBJ Staff KEYWORDS Marsh / Shopping Centers / Retailers / Grocery Stores / Retail / store closing / Real Estate & Retail Comments Print Reprints / Text Size+ Larger Smaller [X] Related News and Opinion Marsh says it will upgrade nearly half its stores in 2016 Marsh closing three grocery stores in central Indiana Marsh closing stores in Marion, Columbus Marsh to shut down 8 stores by end of month Lawyers for Marsh Supermarkets can’t depose David Marsh Related Products Largest Indianapolis-Area Commercial Real Estate Brokerages - PDF Largest Indianapolis-Area Commercial Real Estate Brokerages - Excel Largest Indianapolis-Area Residential Real Estate Agencies - Excel The Marsh Hometown Market at 2302 E. 53rd St. will close by the end of the month. (IBJ photo/Mason King) Marsh Supermarkets plans to close its store near Keystone Avenue and 53rd Street this month—another possible sign that the Fishers-based chain is struggling amid increasing competition in the local grocery sector. The store, at 2302 E. 53rd St., is the same location where Marsh opened its first Indianapolis store, in 1957, when the chain was still based in Muncie. The grocery is in a retail center called Keystone Plaza, just down the street from a new Meijer store. It is set to shut down at 5 p.m. Jan. 28, just before its lease is to run out in February. Marsh had extended the store’s lease—which was originally scheduled to expire in August—in an effort “to give the store more opportunity before deciding” to close it, said company spokesman David Palmer. “We just don’t think it is going to be successful for the life of [another] lease,” he said. IBJ reported earlier Tuesday that Marsh owes a landlord $100,000 for the lease of a different store and owes other vendors at least $136,000. Palmer declined to comment on the company’s financial situation but said Marsh has no plans to close other stores. The chain has steadily shut down stores in recent years in the face of withering competition from Kroger, Meijer, Walmart and other chains. Marsh said in July that it has been boosting its competitiveness with an aggressive store-renovation program. It said it upgraded 25 stores over the last two years and that another 20 were in the planning stages. Palmer said three other Marsh stores “surround” the one that will be closing. He said he was unsure how many employees work at the Keystone location but said Marsh will offer those workers the opportunity to take jobs at other stores. Marsh, founded by the Marsh family in 1931, is owned by the Florida-based private equity firm Sun Capital Partners. It operates 72 Marsh and O’Malia locations in Indiana and Ohio, down from nearly 120 when it bought Marsh in 2006. Email Tweet ADVERTISEMENT Recent Articles by IBJ Staff Former Indy police chief takes job with local think tank Donation-app firm Givelify plans 40-job expansion downtown Central Indiana home sales rise for 14th straight month Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Restricted Content You must have JavaScript enabled to enjoy a limited number of articles over the next 30 days. Please clik here to continue without javascript.. GO Advanced Search This Week's Paper Survival questions swirl over HHGregg Bill alarms solar-power advocates Dan Dakich might be the nicest, most-hated person on Indy radio Most Read Comments Most Emailed 'Sisters of Savings' sell Hare Chevrolet to national firm Longtime news anchor departing WTHR WTHR reporter says he's leaving journalism Marsh grocery chain owes more than $200,000 in unpaid bills Music venue The Warehouse in Carmel abruptly closes Multimedia Images Videos IBJ Events Shane Johnson's editorial cartoons More Photos 2017 Economic Forecast: Changing of the guard More Videos Videos 2012 CFOs of the Year: Bill Brunner More Videos Events Join IBJ in honoring health care’s difference-makers—individuals, companies and charitable organizations that change lives for the better in the Indianapolis area on March 3, 2017. For more information, visit www.ibj.com/events. Stay on top of Indy’s tech scene Find out what’s new and what’s next at IBJ’s Technology Power Breakfast on March 16. Hear from top tech entrepreneurs, investors and up-and-comers who are building the city’s technology economy, and network with many more of the movers and shakers in tech. For more information, visit www.ibj.com/events. More Events Back to Top SUBSCRIPTIONS Online & Print Subscriptions FREE eNews SUBMIT TO EDIT Submit People Submit Records IBJ Awards FTP to IBJ IBJ.COM ACCOUNT My Account FREE IBJ.com Registrations EVENTS Upcoming IBJ Events Event Sponsorship Award Nominations SUPPORT & INFORMATION Customer Service Contact Us Privacy Policy Career Opportunities Newsstand Locations Reprints ONLINE PRODUCTS Bookstore ADVERTISING IBJ Advertising Contacts Classifieds Submit Advertising MULTIMEDIA Photo Galleries Videos IBJ on Facebook IBJ on Twitter Get IBJ Widgets IBJ.com Book of Lists Editorial Calendar Archives IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines/Supplements Polls Sitemap OTHER IBJ MEDIA WEBSITES The Indiana Lawyer Court & Commercial Record IBJ Custom Publishing IBJ Book Publishing Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use. Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Have Changed By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. ACCEPT IBJ MEDIA CORP 317-634-6200 Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsTicket Prices For The Crunchies Increase In Just 5 Days Get Yours Today new enterprise associates Real-time crash reporting tool Sentry grabs $9 million from NEA & Accel MasterClass Raises $15 Million For Online Classes Taught By Celebrities Image Recognition Invades Shopping As Curalate Raises $27.5M Browse more... New Enterprise Associates is targeting a whopping $3 billion for its newest fund Posted Jan 17, 2017 by Connie Loizos (@cookie) 0 SHARES Next Story Verizon takes yet more evasive action as ‘thousands’ of customers refuse to give up their Note 7 New Enterprise Associates (NEA), the 40-year-old venture firm, has signaled its intention to raise $3 billion for its 16th fund in a new SEC filing. The Form D states that the first sale has yet to occur, though typically, when a firm registers a fund of this size, it has already soft circled many, if not all, of the commitments from investors to reach its goal. Three billion dollars is a mammoth amount, even for NEA, which closed its last fund with just less than $2.8 billion, with an additional $350 million raised at the same time for an “opportunities” fund for select later-stage portfolio companies. Then again, big funds have become very fashionable as investors look to park their capital with a small number of top VCs, and investors have to be feeling pretty great about NEA right about now. Among the firm’s recent exits was the sale of e-commerce company Jet.com to Walmart for $3.3 billion in cash and stock last August. NEA had led Jet’s $55 million Series A round almost exactly two years earlier. NEA’s sixteenth fund is also coming roughly two years after the close of its fifteenth fund, which is fast by historic standards but typical of the pace that VCs have more recently adopted, with many firms — including Accel Partners, Lightspeed Venture Partners, and Founders Fund — closing on new and massive funds last year after previously closing funds in 2014. NEA invests in everything from seed to very late-stage deals. It has eight offices around the world, including in San Francisco, New York, Beijing, and Mumbai. Last year, NEA lost one of its most beloved investors, Harry Weller, who long led NEA’s East Coast venture practice from Washington, D.C., and who passed away suddenly at age 46. Since then, NEA has established the Harry Weller Big Fund Idea, a charitable giving program administrated by T. Rowe. Price. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Full profile for Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report AppDynamics CEO Talks Cisco Acquisition | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes new enterprise associates Popular Posts Featured Stories Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:45 | Crunch Report Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 5 hours ago | Anna Escher Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 10 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Trump’s manufacturing council includes Elon Musk, Michael Dell and Mark Fields 11 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Alphabet’s bets beyond search are starting to pay off yesterday | Matthew Lynley Latest From TechCrunch Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 1 hour ago | Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 3 hours ago | Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 3 hours ago | Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 4 hours ago | Sarah Perez Comment moderation powered by Up Next Verizon takes yet more evasive action as ‘thousands’ of customers refuse to give up their Note 7 Posted Jan 17, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Developer - 41399BR at Harvard University - Faculty of Arts and Sciences (Cambridge, MA, United States) Engineer: Client Support Center at Target (Brooklyn Park, MN, United States) Product Manager at Calldorado (Kongens Lyngby (Copenhagen), Denmark) IT Infrastructure Manager (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland; Berlin, Deutschland) Digital Strategies Manager at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Charlotte, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 1 hour ago by Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 3 hours ago by Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 3 hours ago by Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 4 hours ago by Sarah Perez Leapfrogging in higher ed 4 hours ago by Hunt Lambert, Pete Wheelan Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 5 hours ago by Anna Escher Silicon Valley’s false feminist idol finally makes a peep 6 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Netgear’s Orbi might be the best Wi-Fi router I’ve ever used 6 hours ago by John Biggs Alexa scores some Super Bowl skills for next week’s big game 7 hours ago by Brian Heater Oculus/ZeniMax case goes to jury as damages sought increases to $4 billion 7 hours ago by Lucas Matney
Letters to the Editor Contact Us About Us Subscribe to TYT Advertise With Us Friday 27 January, 2017 Peña Nieto and Trump agree not to talk about the wall temporarily Rodrigo Medina former governor of Nuevo León arrested pending trial on graft charges Alleged Sinaloa cartel boss arrested in Yucatan 5 Expat destinations where you can speak only English U.S.-Mexico crisis deepens with White House proposal for border tax on imported goods Home News Peninsula Merida Valladolid Beach Communities Yucatan Campeche Q. Roo Riviera Maya National International Crime Travel Lifestyle Expat Community Art and Culture Events Calendar Entertainment Yuca Planet Historic Yucatan Maya Universe Environment Wildlife Pets Real Estate House of the Week Business Business YucaTech Food and Drink Medical Tourism Specialists Hospitals Pharmaceutical Wellness Columns Directory Published On: Tue, Jan 17th, 2017 Business / Business-new / Headlines / International / National / News | By Yucatan Times How to do something positive for Mexico Share This Tags In light of U.S. President-Elect Donald Trump’s inauguration on Friday Jan. 20, a movement in favor of pro-Mexico policies has begun to take shape, with the message below going viral on Facebook. TYT is publishing the message as a service to readers.  Many people have made public their desire not to buy more Ford cars in protest for the cancellation of the construction of a new plant in San Luis Potosí. Why not do the same with CitiBanamex? If Trump does not want American automotive plants to settle in our country, maybe he would like to take away American banks too? Fellow Mexican, take your money away from Citibanamex, which is a “gringo” bank, and take it to the Spaniards of BBVA Bancomer. Can you imagine the world scandal? Or take it to Scottish from ScotiaBank or to HSBC Chinese, or maybe to Banorte or INBURSA, which are the only Mexican banks that we currently have (even though not many people are aware of that). This can be done in a fast, safe and effective way with great results. Let’s show the world that Mexico is no longer the little “ranch” depicted in Hollywood movies. Mexico is the 11th economy in the world, a country with the capacity to double one of the most powerful banks in the United States (Citibank = Citibanamex), so we have to take a stand, and do something in retaliation to the fact that U.S, president-elect, instead of working out strategies to create jobs in his own country, steals the jobs of the Mexicans through threats and intimidation. And what are we doing? Nothing! Next step: boycott Walmart! Shop in Soriana, Chedraui, Super AKI or La Comer. There is no difference in quality or prices. Mexico is the second most important market for this chain (Walmart). Let’s beat them without violence. We do not need looters, violent thieves or criminals. Just do not buy there. Mexico Map Let’s do something concrete and astound the world. Defend what is ours. If we do not, Trump will impose tariffs or veto all purchases of tomato, pineapple, shrimp, Mexican tuna or whatever. Let’s stop thinking like the Mexican government. They are small, corrupt, very inefficient, apart from timorous and coward, and have shown that they cannot even reopen a road with 20 people blocking it. Let’s start the citizens change. These are two viable, effective, safe and above all legal alternatives. If you are not willing to do anything, at least help me by sharing this thought. Source: facebook.com Disclaimer: The opinions hereby were published anonymously by a facebook user, and are not necessarily those of The Yucatan Times. Mexico Travel Care Comments comments Related News Peña Nieto and Trump agree not to talk about the wall temporarily Rodrigo Medina former governor of Nuevo León arrested pending trial on graft charges Alleged Sinaloa cartel boss arrested in Yucatan 5 Expat destinations where you can speak only English Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. (Required) (Will not be published) (Required) XHTML: You can use these html tags: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Yucatan "Ven por todo" KINUH Home Contact Us Headlines Local News DISCLAIMER All Rights Reserved The Yucatan Times 2014 This popup will close in: CLOSE How to do something positive for Mexico
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Doctors: ED Caused by "Clog" Easily Cleared by Doing This Home | Newsfront Tags: police | officer | shooter | captured | Markeith | Loyd Police: Fugitive Wanted in Officer's Fatal Shooting Captured Markeith Loyd (AP)   Tuesday, 17 Jan 2017 07:34 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Police say a man wanted in the fatal shootings of his pregnant ex-girlfriend and an Orlando police sergeant has been captured. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd is in custody. Loyd has been the focus of a weeklong manhunt since Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Before the Jan. 9 shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. The sergeant had been tipped off that Loyd was in the area while she was at the store. She was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday. © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront Police say a man wanted in the fatal shootings of his pregnant ex-girlfriend and an Orlando police sergeant has been captured.The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd is in custody.Loyd has been the focus of a weeklong manhunt since... police, officer, shooter, captured, Markeith, Loyd 121 Tuesday, 17 Jan 2017 07:34 PM 2017-34-17 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like More Most Commented Trump Wants 20 Percent Tax to Pay for Border Wall Thursday, 26 Jan 2017 | 787 comments Silly you! If I am a company who will have to pay a tax on an import, I am... White House Says Media Delegitimizing Trump, Won't 'Take It' Sunday, 22 Jan 2017 | 754 comments Thank you Mr. President. You are addressing the Lame Stream Media the way... Sean Spicer Rips 'Irresponsible and Reckless' Inaugural News Coverage Sunday, 22 Jan 2017 | 723 comments The Riot Act has been read ! Two times now the Main Slime Media has been... On Trump's Second Day, Thousands of Women to March in DC in Protest Saturday, 21 Jan 2017 | 823 comments President Bill Clinton assaulted and raped over 20 women and not a peep... Madonna: 'I Have Thought an Awful Lot about Blowing up the White House' Saturday, 21 Jan 2017 | 770 comments If she in fact said this, then the FBI should bring her in for... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Latest: Suspect in officer's shooting armed when caught By Associated Press Published: 21:11 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 21:11 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — The Latest on the arrest of fugitive wanted in an Orlando police officer's fatal shooting (all times local): 9 p.m. Police say a man wanted in the fatal shootings of his pregnant ex-girlfriend and an Orlando police officer was wearing body armor and armed with two handguns when he was arrested at an abandoned house. FILE- This undated file photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd, a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer was captured Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017, after a weeklong manhunt, authorities said. (Orlando Police Department via AP, File) Orlando Police Chief John Mina said during a news conference that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was arrested Tuesday night after the home was surrounded by SWAT officers. Authorities say Loyd initially tried to escape out the back but then ran back inside the house and ultimately surrendered in the front yard. Loyd has been the focus of a weeklong manhunt since Lt. Debra Clayton was killed in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Before the Jan. 9 shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. ___ 7:20 p.m. Police say a man wanted in the fatal shootings of his pregnant ex-girlfriend and an Orlando police sergeant has been captured. The Orlando Police Department tweeted Tuesday night that 41-year-old Markeith Loyd is in custody. Loyd has been the focus of a weeklong manhunt since Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Before the Jan. 9 shooting, authorities had been looking for Loyd for questioning in the death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month. The sergeant had been tipped off that Loyd was in the area while she was at the store. She was shot when she approached Loyd, who then fled. The U.S. Marshals Service had added Loyd to its list of most wanted fugitives Tuesday. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Suspect in Florida police officer's slaying captured Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. | Tue Jan 17, 2017 | 8:20pm EST Suspect in Florida police officer's slaying captured Markeith Loyd, wanted in connection with the shooting death of an Orlando police officer, is shown in this undated booking photo in Orlando, Florida released January 9, 2017. Courtesy Orlando Police Department/Handout via REUTERS The suspect in the killing of an Orlando, Florida, police officer this month was captured on Tuesday, authorities said, ending an extensive manhunt. Markeith Loyd, 41, was wanted in the fatal shooting of Master Sergeant Debra Clayton on Jan. 9. The shooting took place as police were trying to capture Loyd for the December murder of his pregnant former girlfriend. "We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD custody," the Orlando Police Department said on Twitter. Authorities had offered a $100,000 reward for information leading to his capture. Online video footage showed Loyd being hustled into police headquarters by sheriff's deputies and police, some of them masked. "They beat me up," he shouted to reporters outside the building. Clayton, a decorated 17-year veteran of the Orlando Police Department, was shot while responding to a sighting of Loyd at a Walmart. She exchanged fire with Loyd, who was wearing body armor at the time and continued to fire when Clayton was down, police have said. Clayton died at a hospital. Loyd fled the shooting scene in a car and fired at a deputy who tried to the stop him, authorities said. The deputy was unharmed. Police have said three people were arrested in Florida on charges of having helped Loyd avoid capture in recent weeks. An Orange County sheriff's deputy in the manhunt for Loyd was killed in a collision between his motorcycle and a van. (Reporting by Ian Simpson in Washington; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) Next In U.S. FBI probes threat to 'blow up' Denver-area refugee center DENVER Anonymous notes threatening to "blow up" a refugee community center catering mainly to Muslim immigrants were found at the Denver-area building, prompting a hate-crime investigation by the FBI, police said on Friday. Facebook CEO, facing wave of criticism, stops attempt to force Hawaii land sale Facing mounting criticism from islanders and local lawmakers, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Friday revealed he was dropping his legal gambit to force the sale of land tracts on his seafront property on the island of Kauai that are claimed by native Hawaiians. Trump signs order to bar some refugees; signals prioritizing Syrian Christians President Donald Trump on Friday signed an executive order that will limit immigration and refugees from some Muslim-majority countries and he separately said he wanted the United States to give priority to Syrian Christians fleeing the civil war there. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
` Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2016 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Health Care Heroes Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Technology Aviation & Aerospace Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Login [x] Email Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Subscribe Register Logged in as Logout Edit Profile View Cart   Quick Links: Forefront The Interview Issue Indiana 100 Highest-paid executives Anthem-Cigna full coverage Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2016 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Health Care Heroes Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Technology Aviation & Aerospace Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Home » Marsh to close store near 53rd and Keystone Marsh to close store near 53rd and Keystone January 17, 2017 IBJ Staff KEYWORDS Marsh / Shopping Centers / Retailers / Grocery Stores / Retail / store closing / Real Estate & Retail Comments Print Reprints / Text Size+ Larger Smaller [X] Related News and Opinion Marsh says it will upgrade nearly half its stores in 2016 Marsh closing three grocery stores in central Indiana Marsh closing stores in Marion, Columbus Marsh to shut down 8 stores by end of month Lawyers for Marsh Supermarkets can’t depose David Marsh Related Products Largest Indianapolis-Area Commercial Real Estate Brokerages - PDF Largest Indianapolis-Area Commercial Real Estate Brokerages - Excel Largest Indianapolis-Area Residential Real Estate Agencies - Excel The Marsh Hometown Market at 2302 E. 53rd St. will close by the end of the month. (IBJ photo/Mason King) Marsh Supermarkets plans to close its store near Keystone Avenue and 53rd Street this month—another possible sign that the Fishers-based chain is struggling amid increasing competition in the local grocery sector. The store, at 2302 E. 53rd St., is the same location where Marsh opened its first Indianapolis store, in 1957, when the chain was still based in Muncie. The grocery is in a retail center called Keystone Plaza, just down the street from a new Meijer store. It is set to shut down at 5 p.m. Jan. 28, just before its lease is to run out in February. Marsh had extended the store’s lease—which was originally scheduled to expire in August—in an effort “to give the store more opportunity before deciding” to close it, said company spokesman David Palmer. “We just don’t think it is going to be successful for the life of [another] lease,” he said. IBJ reported earlier Tuesday that Marsh owes a landlord $100,000 for the lease of a different store and owes other vendors at least $136,000. Palmer declined to comment on the company’s financial situation but said Marsh has no plans to close other stores. The chain has steadily shut down stores in recent years in the face of withering competition from Kroger, Meijer, Walmart and other chains. Marsh said in July that it has been boosting its competitiveness with an aggressive store-renovation program. It said it upgraded 25 stores over the last two years and that another 20 were in the planning stages. Palmer said three other Marsh stores “surround” the one that will be closing. He said he was unsure how many employees work at the Keystone location but said Marsh will offer those workers the opportunity to take jobs at other stores. Marsh, founded by the Marsh family in 1931, is owned by the Florida-based private equity firm Sun Capital Partners. It operates 72 Marsh and O’Malia locations in Indiana and Ohio, down from nearly 120 when it bought Marsh in 2006. Email Tweet ADVERTISEMENT Recent Articles by IBJ Staff Former Indy police chief takes job with local think tank Donation-app firm Givelify plans 40-job expansion downtown Central Indiana home sales rise for 14th straight month Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Restricted Content You must have JavaScript enabled to enjoy a limited number of articles over the next 30 days. Please clik here to continue without javascript.. GO Advanced Search This Week's Paper Survival questions swirl over HHGregg Bill alarms solar-power advocates Dan Dakich might be the nicest, most-hated person on Indy radio Most Read Comments Most Emailed 'Sisters of Savings' sell Hare Chevrolet to national firm Longtime news anchor departing WTHR WTHR reporter says he's leaving journalism Marsh grocery chain owes more than $200,000 in unpaid bills Music venue The Warehouse in Carmel abruptly closes Multimedia Images Videos IBJ Events Shane Johnson's editorial cartoons More Photos 2017 Economic Forecast: Changing of the guard More Videos Videos 2012 CFOs of the Year: Bill Brunner More Videos Events Join IBJ in honoring health care’s difference-makers—individuals, companies and charitable organizations that change lives for the better in the Indianapolis area on March 3, 2017. For more information, visit www.ibj.com/events. Stay on top of Indy’s tech scene Find out what’s new and what’s next at IBJ’s Technology Power Breakfast on March 16. Hear from top tech entrepreneurs, investors and up-and-comers who are building the city’s technology economy, and network with many more of the movers and shakers in tech. For more information, visit www.ibj.com/events. More Events Back to Top SUBSCRIPTIONS Online & Print Subscriptions FREE eNews SUBMIT TO EDIT Submit People Submit Records IBJ Awards FTP to IBJ IBJ.COM ACCOUNT My Account FREE IBJ.com Registrations EVENTS Upcoming IBJ Events Event Sponsorship Award Nominations SUPPORT & INFORMATION Customer Service Contact Us Privacy Policy Career Opportunities Newsstand Locations Reprints ONLINE PRODUCTS Bookstore ADVERTISING IBJ Advertising Contacts Classifieds Submit Advertising MULTIMEDIA Photo Galleries Videos IBJ on Facebook IBJ on Twitter Get IBJ Widgets IBJ.com Book of Lists Editorial Calendar Archives IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines/Supplements Polls Sitemap OTHER IBJ MEDIA WEBSITES The Indiana Lawyer Court & Commercial Record IBJ Custom Publishing IBJ Book Publishing Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use. Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Have Changed By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. ACCEPT IBJ MEDIA CORP 317-634-6200 Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing.
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Is economic prosperity the most pressing matter of the town? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Letters to the Editor Police Blotter Bee Heard Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2017 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2017-01-18 / Police Blotter Tweet Print Teen refuses to get on bus, go to school Saturday, Jan. 7 • A resident of Goodrich Road called to complain of minors that were on the roof of the old Clarence Center Preschool. Patrol advised the parents. Sunday, Jan. 8 A resident of Candlewood Lane reported that four teens set off some fireworks in his yard. The teens were last seen driving away in a vehicle. A resident of Thompson Road reported getting harassing phone calls from an ex-boyfriend. Patrol advised the man to stop contacting the complainant. Monday, Jan. 9 Patrol responded to the Clarence Eye Center for a man who was slumped over the wheel. Patrol spoke with the man, and he did not appear to be under the influence. He was sent on his way. Tuesday, Jan. 10 • Patrol was called to Woodruff Drive for a teen who refused to get on the bus and go to school. Both the child and the parent were advised. A disturbance was reported on Walnut Creek Drive. Patrol advised a male youth about following the rules of the house and respecting his parents. Wednesday, Jan. 11 • A burglar alarm was reported at the Clarence Historical Museum. Patrol checked the building to negative results. A resident of Clarherst Drive called about a tree that had fallen over on the house. Patrol was able to clear some of the debris. There did not appear to be any damage. Thursday, Jan. 12 • A 39-year-old man was charged with petit larceny after he allegedly took a $350 saw from the shelf at Home Depot and returned it for store credit. He was remanded to the Erie County Holding Center on cash bail. A 26-year-old woman turned herself into Clarence Court on an outstanding larceny warrant. She allegedly had stolen property from Wal-Mart in February 2016. Friday, Jan. 13 A caller reported that someone rang her doorbell. Nobody was around. It is possible that the morning newspaper hit the doorbell when it was delivered. Patrol responded to Main Street for a report of a woman who was pounding on the complainant’s doors and windows. The woman returned to her apartment after being advised. (Editor’s note: The Bee’s police blotter is a sampling of unusual calls received by the police department. It is not intended to be a complete record of all incidents reported.) Return to top Browse Archives Clarence Special Events 2017 Click for schedule
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: CES Round-Up: What Investors Need to Know We chat with Daniel Kline, our "boots on the ground" correspondent at the Consumer Electronics Show to see what big tech trends were showcased last week in Las Vegas. Motley Fool Staff Jan 17, 2017 at 7:13PM In this episode of Industry Focus: Tech, Dylan Lewis talks with Daniel Kline about some of the biggest trends and most exciting innovations he's seen so far at CES 2017. Find out how the wave of smart home technology has swept its way toward the mainstream, why drones aren't likely to find a market application any time soon, a few things that investors need to be wary of any time they read about an industry trade show, and more. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 6, 2017. Dylan Lewis: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. It's Friday, Jan. 6, and we're getting a dispatch from our boots on the ground at CES. I'm your host, Dylan Lewis, and I'm joined on Skype by fool.com contributor Daniel Kline. Dan, how's it going over in Las Vegas? Daniel Kline: Oh boy, it's a little colder than expected, but it's pretty exciting out here. Lewis: This is kind of like your Christmas, right? You're Mr. Gadget for fool.com. Kline: (laughs) Here's the thing: It's my Christmas if right at the end of Christmas, everything you get gets taken away. (laughs) You know? You get to see a lot of really cool stuff, but you don't get to take it home. Lewis: Yeah. It's a lot of demos and trials at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. For folks that might not be as familiar with your work, Dan, I would say that when it comes to trying stuff out and reviewing it, or just buying it for the sake of having a sense of what this consumer technology might be like, you're kind of the king for The Fool. Kline: I was going to say, in terms of being a dummy who owns 17 smartwatches and an Apple Newton, that's me. Lewis: But this is right up your alley. I was really excited that you were going to be traveling there, and we could have you on the ground, so we could get a little report on what you've seen so far. The conference started yesterday, right? Kline: It started for me yesterday. There was a press day before that, but I was stuck in travel problems. It's the second-biggest show of the year here in Las Vegas, so getting here is a challenge. Flights get backed up, and there was some weather, so that was interesting. But what I found most shocking -- I wasn't here last year, but I was here two years ago, and if you replace 3D television with 4K television, I'm seeing a lot of the same things. There's booths full of drones, there's a lot of A.I., there's a lot of home automation. I'd say the home automation is a little bit more practical, because a lot of it is tied to the Amazon Echo, or other devices like that, which actually have some penetration. But, if you changed those TVs out and told me it was two years ago and I had fallen into a time warp, that's kind of what it's like here. Lewis: So, your point is, year to year, there hasn't been a big difference? And, actually, you weren't there last year, so you're talking two years ago. Kline: I was not there last year, so it was two years ago. And two years ago, you walked out and everybody was trying their different smart devices. And I think yesterday, I saw a smart toothbrush that performs the same functions as that little tablet they gave you in sixth grade that turns the plaque red. I saw a smart pillow, a smart mirror, a smart shirt, I'm not even sure what the shirt did. But, there's just an awful lot of stuff here that's just mild variants on things that already do work. I'm not seeing, for example, any major evolution in smartphones. I'm not seeing laptops that look different. At least, two years ago, you got those portable stick laptops, the computers, they felt like they were going to become a thing but it never really did. I'm not seeing anything like that. The innovations are incremental. Charging -- there's some very interesting quick-charge products. There are a lot of device holders that are sort of revolutionary, like, if you want to wear your smartphone on a ring. There really isn't any category that I look at and say, "Oh, wow, that's going to change how we make coffee," or "That's going to change how I get to work," or anything like that. It's all very incremental. Lewis: So, if we're not seeing new categories coming out, why don't we talk a little bit about the categories that did exist a couple years ago, and maybe what the next phases of those types of devices look like. I know that you've already written a little bit about the smart home market in some of your CES coverage, which is available on fool.com. The Consumer Technology Association, which is the trade group that puts on CES, released a report saying that smart homes would be the most popular means of Internet of Things engagement. They're also predicting 29 million units of sales in 2017, which would be over 60% increase year over year. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in respect to that market? Kline: Yeah, I mentioned this a few seconds ago, I'm seeing a lot of things that tie into Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) Echo, Microsoft's Cortana, even Apple's iPhone -- technologies you already have and already understand. Two years ago, everybody had a platform. They were trying to get into your living room, they were trying to control things. Now, it's much more, "OK, we know what the platforms are, we know that about 20% of Americans have iPhones, and the Echo has been a huge seller." So, it's really tying in useful things to that. My mom isn't going to buy a stand-alone light bulb or a thermostat device that she then has to get an app for. But if she can plug in a light bulb and tell her Amazon Echo, "Echo, turn the light on," she might do that. We're starting to see practical implications of the sci-fi reality of walking into your house and saying, "Kitchen, make me a bagel." Lewis: And it seems like this is really, largely, in response to consumer demand for this type of technology, right? This is something that, broadly, mainstream consumer seem to be clamoring for. Kline: I think it was sort of a sneaky backdoor by Amazon. When the Echo came out, it was really pushed as a music player. And it's a lovely music player. You can walk into your living room and say, "Play Bruce Springsteen," and it'll play whatever you like. And then they slowly -- and we have a Fool skill on there, you can listen to the podcast by asking for it -- and that became very useful. So, it's not a huge leap when you're already using that. If you're already using Siri to give you directions, it's not crazy to ask a Siri-enabled device, whether that be a phone or Apple TV or whatever it is, to give you a recipe, and eventually to tie into, maybe, monitoring the temperature of your house. It's gone from something your cool geeky friend would have to, "Oh, OK, I already understand this, and now we can go to Target and buy this device, and that will integrate this way." And you're seeing a lot of that. Now, there's plenty of stuff that will never make it to the home. I think there's a level of monitoring -- I saw a multiple smart home beds. I buy you might try the Sleep Number bed, where you can adjust it yourself. I'm not sure you need data analytics on how many times you flip over during the night. Lewis: Yeah, that's a little invasive for the bedroom, I think. Kline: It's just, people are trying to give you data you're not looking for. Now, for some person -- if you're not sleeping, that might be very useful. But it becomes a niche. And the real winners are going to be people that provide everyday usefulness. The first time you could put coffee beans in a Mr. Coffee and program it so when you woke up, something was there, that you didn't have to do that in the morning, that was a practical innovation. And you're really starting to see that with home automation now. Lewis: OK. We talked about home automation. One of the other categories you mentioned was VR and AR. This seems to be one of the segments that might enjoy the most year-over-year growth. I know that CTA expects sales of 2.5 million units, or 80%, basically, year over year. What are you seeing with that segment there? Kline: It's all Samsung. I actually had dinner last night with Jack McCauley, one of the gentleman who created Oculus. Samsung licenses the Oculus technology. He admitted that the devices are awkward to wear, and right now, it's really a gaming niche. You're seeing some really interesting gaming technology. What you're not seeing is how it breaks out beyond that. Microsoft isn't here, at least not officially. You might see HoloLens or some product like that have a real commercial application. You saw a little bit of it with Google Glass, where a doctor could be using it in the operating room to get outside advice. You're seeing a lot of high-end plays like that. But you and I, even me as a gadget guy, I'm not spending $799, $999, whatever it is, to buy a high-end device. But you're going to see a lot more penetration in the $99 to $199 market, whether that be with the Samsung product, or with Sony products. And I assume, eventually, we'll get some version of that for Xbox. And the gaming technology is incredible. Where you're seeing a lot of advancement is in how your head moves to get rid of some of that motion sickness that's associated with it. The technology is just leaps and bounds better than what it was even a couple of years ago. Lewis: I think one of the ways that you can look at the VR market, particularly with gaming, is the rigs that are dependent on a computer, and are generally much costlier, and the headsets that you can run with your smartphone, and just put your smartphone in. It sounds like some of the more smartphone-oriented ones have a clearer path to market, and maybe more mainstream appeal. Is that what you're seeing? Kline: Yeah, that's going to be the short-term growth. But I think you might see some of the higher-end devices -- you know how now, you can go to your local movie theater, and they're showing an opera, or a sold-out UFC fight, or that type of experience, you might pay $25 or $30 for it? It's not crazy to think that someday, you're going to go down to your local Dave & Buster's or a movie theater or whatever it is, put on a headset, and watch the Superbowl from the 50-yard line, or a NASCARrace, or a concert, or whatever it is. There might be some commercial applications that are frivolous like that that justify a store or a business spending a couple grand for a setup in a way to get a monetary return that isn't just a novelty. Lewis: I have to ask this because it's a topic that people love to hear about: What's going on with drones at CES? Kline: They're everywhere, and I have not seen any sort of viable application for them. There are some very cool variations of the drones you see at Brookstone, the Star Wars-like drones. There's a lot of cool kid game applications. There's a lot of hobbyist, high-end, $600 to $700, you play with it in your backyard, you spy on your neighbors, whatever creepy thing you're doing with it. There are dozens of people showing drones, and nobody explaining why I'm going to buy it and what I'm going to do with it, other than some very silly things. There are, obviously, commercial applications of drones. Wal-Mart is using them to do inventory in its warehouses. You're not seeing a lot of that there. The drones are almost exactly what you saw two years ago, except maybe they're a little bit easier to pilot. The technology is very cool, but I don't know, do you need a drone? What would you do with it? Lewis: Yeah, I don't personally have any use for them. Actually, I don't think, as a resident in the District of Columbia, I can have a drone. I'm pretty sure they don't allow that, at least near the capital. (laughs) So I certainly don't have a use case for one. It has seemed for a long time like the more upscale camera-shoot type drones, if you're trying to get big landscape shots or stuff like that, maybe farmers using them for agricultural purposes, obviously Amazon has delivery intentions with drones, it's going to be a lot more targeted enterprise stuff than mainstream consumer tech, at least in my eyes. Kline: See, I know Amazon is putting a lot of effort into them. I've seen the videos. I think there's limited applications for that. If you're Amazon, it might make sense to use a drone to deliver to someplace you're never going to send a truck. But I don't picture a sky full of drones delivering me a bag of gummy bears and you a book. It does not seem like the most practical way to do it. And that goes to something else I've seen a lot of here: robots. There are, I'll call them "fake robots," because this isn't a robot with a personality where you're going to have to tell it what to do. It's really an iPad strapped to a robot that has a little bit of A.I. programming, so it smiles when you say "hello." And they're everywhere. They look like people, they look like the end scene in Battlestar Galactica, where you start to see robots taking over the world. But, again, like the drones, they do some interesting A.I. stuff, but they don't really have any more technology than the robots from the 1980s that were really just R.C. cars that you could use to bring your friend a drink. Lewis: Now, the companies that are behind those types of robots, are there any big players in that? Or are these mostly small start-ups? Kline: They're small start-ups, and "look at me!" from some of the big players. I'm not going to say directly who, because I don't remember. You do see robots at some of the larger, higher-end booths, but I think it's more to flag down your attention. It's not the product they're going to bring to market. Just like there's some concept cars here, there's a lot of driverless technology, a lot of really interesting driver-assisted technology, but they're really just to get headlines. They're years away. You might see aspects of them, but I don't think there's any viable player in the U.S. who thinks that tomorrow, in your house, you're going to have a robot butler who's powered by an iPad. It just doesn't seem practical quite yet. Lewis: Yeah, trade shows, particularly CES, are full of more gimmicky, less useful, or less recognizably mainstream-application-type technology being shown off. What were some of the very cool things that you've seen? Kline: Well, after spending a day walking around, the booths full of massage chairs looked pretty inviting. Lewis: (laughs) I bet. Kline: But, really, the coolest stuff I'm seeing are things I could imagine actually having. There are some, call them hover-sled-like transportation devices that build off the Segway model, that you could see, maybe, eventually being a practical urban way of getting around. You're also seeing a lot of really cool home automation stuff that I don't think is going to be mainstream, but for some of us who are very tech-oriented, it's more practical in the next year or two for me to really make everything in my house work on a voice command. I can see some ways to do that. I've also seen some very cool wearables, where whether it's interacting with a video game or controlling a drone or a robot, there's some very cool gloves and other devices that seem like fun. Whether any of these are actually going to make it to market or not, that's very hard to know. Lewis: Yeah, I think that's one of the most important things that you have to keep in mind when you see buzz from CES or South by Southwest, or really any tech trade show. You have people trying to make a splash and trying to get headlines and get a lot of press. That leads to, in some ways, needless innovation, or innovation without a marketplace, necessarily. I remember at South by Southwest in Austin last year, one of the coolest things I saw, bar none, was a VR headset rig that used an Oculus headset, but then also had this fighter jet-type pod. So, you put on the headset, you got in the pod, and the headset reacted to the movements of the pod itself. So, you could be flying upside down, doing tumbling 360s, whatever, and that's what you were experiencing in the headset. It was fully immersive. I was talking to the guys who developed it afterwards, and I said, "What's the application here? How are you guys going to bring this to market? This seems like this probably cost $500,000 or $1 million to develop, so I can only imagine it's going to be extremely expensive to buy as a consumer." And they said, "You know, we're not really sure yet. We're in the business of making cool stuff and then figuring it out later." Kline: That's the theme of the day here. I walk around the show and I picture myself walking with the Shark Tank people and just dismissing 80% of these as "cool, but a bad idea." There's so much innovation that doesn't solve the problem. I don't need my smart shirt to tell me I'm sweating because it's hot. There's so much of that. When you look at technology, what technology do people buy? If it's truly transformative, you might buy something you never thought you needed. But for the most part, if it doesn't solve a problem for you, you're not going to spend money on it. A smart mirror that tells you your lipstick is smudged -- which is pretty much something you can see in a regular old dumb mirror -- isn't going to break through, no matter how cool it is. And the price tag on all this stuff ... It's one thing if Apple says, "We're going to give you something you don't need, but we can make a billion of them and price it accordingly." When it's one of these small booth companies that has some sort of innovative tracking system for, I don't know, a smart plate, so you can keep track of what you're eating and lose weight, that sounds very cool, but it's never going to become a mainstream product. Lewis: Yeah. I think, as an investor, you need to take whatever excitement you have -- whatever the tech side of you is that gets really excited about what you're seeing at some of these trade shows -- and always bring it back around to, what does addressable market realistically look like for some of these businesses? To bring it to companies that are publicly traded and very popular now, you look at GoPro or Fitbit. These are businesses that, maybe the market thought the addressable market was a lot larger than it actually is, and they've hit saturation a little bit quicker. And these are wildly popular consumer devices. So, to scale that back down, some of these extremely niche products, especially the smart solutions like the mirrors and plates you're talking about, it's tough to see really getting mainstream appeal. Kline: Yeah. The interesting thing is, two years ago, maybe longer than that, I would have looked at the robot vacuum, which now you can find in the $300 range, maybe even less on sale -- but, when those were $500 or $600, I looked at it and went, "OK, that's kind of cool, but nobody is going to spend this kind of money." And I was wrong. That has become a breakout category. And it's pushed the prices down, it's expanded the market. I don't know if it'll ever be something that everyone has. It's not correct for every home. But, that was an example of something that seemed a little bit ridiculous that broke through the market. And I'm sure there's products like that here, but I haven't seen anything -- even as a real tech guy -- that I thought, "Oh my God, sell me one of those, I don't care what the price is." Lewis: Yeah. So, Dan, we're coming to the close of the show here. Before I let you go: What can people expect for future coverage from you for the next couple days? Anything to look forward to, anything you're really excited about, anything like that? Kline: I'm going to spend today looking at things that may actually impact you. I'm going to go over and look at the new product that Dish introduced, where you can integrate over-the-air television with some of your streaming services, making all of that one box. I'm going to try to focus on things like, this is a practical battery charger that I might buy that's already on the market. I'm going to get away from the fanciful, and look at, these are the five things at CES that you could buy at the store next week that you might actually buy. Lewis: Well, we'll be looking forward to reading it. Listeners, if you want to check out any of Dan Kline's coverage, you can find it on his author page on fool.com. We also have Supernova team lead David Kretzmann at CES. You can find all of his content at ces.fool.com. Thanks for joining us on today's show, Dan! Kline: Thank you! Lewis: Listeners, that does it for this episode of Industry Focus. If you have any questions, or just want to reach out and say hey, shoot us an email at industryfocus@fool.com. You can always tweet us @MFIndustryFocus, as well. If you like the show and are looking for more of our stuff, subscribe on iTunes, or you can check out The Fool's family of shows at fool.com/podcasts. As always, people on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear. For Dan Kline, I'm Dylan Lewis, thanks for listening and Fool on! Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's Board of Directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Daniel Kline owns shares of Apple and Microsoft. Dylan Lewis owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Apple, Fitbit, and GoPro. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple, short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple, short January 2019 $12 calls on GoPro, and long January 2019 $12 puts on GoPro. The Motley Fool recommends Dave and Buster's Entertainment. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Jan 17, 2017 at 7:13PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $835.77 down $-3.38 (-0.40%) Read More Analysts Can't Figure Out Alphabet's Puzzling $320 Million Charge 4 Reasons I'm Buying China Mobile Ltd. (ADR) Stock How Intel Corporation Can Strengthen Its Relationship With Apple Inc. PC Systems Lifted Intel Corp.'s Fourth-Quarter Profits Why Oclaro Inc. Could Quietly Outperform the Market in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current CES Round-Up: What Investors Need to Know @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Suspect in Florida police officer's slaying captured Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Industrials | Tue Jan 17, 2017 | 8:11pm EST Suspect in Florida police officer's slaying captured Jan 17 The suspect in the killing of an Orlando, Florida, police officer this month was captured on Tuesday, authorities said, ending an extensive manhunt. Markeith Loyd, 41, was wanted in the fatal shooting of Master Sergeant Debra Clayton on Jan. 9. The shooting took place as police were trying to capture Loyd in the December murder of his pregnant former girlfriend. "We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD custody," the Orlando Police Department said on Twitter. Authorities had offered a $100,000 reward for information leading to his capture. Clayton, a decorated 17-year veteran of the Orlando Police Department, was shot while responding to a sighting of Loyd at a Walmart. She exchanged fire with Loyd, who was wearing body armor at the time and continued to fire when Clayton was down, police have said. Clayton died at a hospital. Loyd fled the shooting scene in a car and fired at a deputy who tried to the stop him, authorities said. The deputy was unharmed. Police have said three people were arrested in Florida on charges of having helped Loyd avoid capture in recent weeks. An Orange County sheriff's deputy in the manhunt for Loyd was killed in a collision between his motorcycle and a van. (Reporting by Ian Simpson in Washington; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) Next In Industrials Boeing, machinists set February date for S. Carolina union vote SEATTLE, Jan 27 Boeing Co and its largest union said on Friday they had agreed on a February date for a union vote at Boeing's jetliner factory in South Carolina, setting up what is likely to be a fresh battle between the union and the world's biggest plane maker. UPDATE 3-Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico MEXICO CITY, Jan 27 Billionaire Carlos Slim said on Friday that Mexico should not fear Donald Trump, seeing opportunities for his country in the U.S. president's economic policies, and praising Mexicans for uniting behind their government in talks with the northern neighbor. UPDATE 1-Boeing wins $2.1 bln Pentagon contract for 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft WASHINGTON, Jan 27 Boeing Co has been awarded a $2.1 billion U.S. defense contract for 15 KC-46 aerial refueling aircraft, the Pentagon said on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Suspect in Florida police officer's slaying captured By Reuters Published: 21:50 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 21:50 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail By Ian Simpson Jan 17 (Reuters) - A Florida man suspected of killing an Orlando policewoman was captured on Tuesday wearing body armor and carrying two handguns, and was locked into the slain officer's handcuffs after arrest, authorities said. Markeith Loyd, 41, was captured in Orlando after the shooting of Master Sergeant Debra Clayton on Jan. 9 triggered an intense manhunt. She was shot as police sought Loyd for the December murder of his pregnant former girlfriend. Orlando Police Chief Police John Mina said officers had surrounded an abandoned home with Loyd inside on Tuesday evening. He emerged in body armor carrying two handguns, one of them a Glock with a 100-round magazine, and surrendered after resisting arrest, Mina said. "Great police work got this cop killer off the street," Mina told a news conference, adding that local, state and federal officers had worked round the clock to crack the case. Loyd was placed in Clayton's handcuffs, a move that Mina said was part of police tradition. He said officers broke down in tears on hearing he had been captured. Online video footage showed Loyd, his face bloodied and eyes swollen, being hustled into police headquarters by sheriff's deputies and police, some of them masked. "They beat me up," he shouted to reporters outside the building. Clayton, a decorated 17-year veteran of the Orlando Police Department, was shot while responding to a sighting of Loyd at a Walmart store. She exchanged fire with Loyd, who was wearing body armor and continued to fire when Clayton was down, police have said. Clayton died at a hospital and was posthumously promoted to lieutenant. Loyd fled the shooting scene in a car and fired at a deputy who tried to the stop him, authorities said. The deputy was unharmed. The U.S. Marshals Service placed Loyd on its list of 15 most-wanted fugitives on Tuesday. An Orange County sheriff's deputy in the manhunt for Loyd was killed in a collision last week between his motorcycle and a van. Mina said investigations would continue into how Loyd was able to evade police in recent weeks. Police have said three people were arrested in Florida on charges of having helped Loyd avoid capture. (Reporting by Ian Simpson in Washington; Editing by Cynthia Osterman and Peter Cooney) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Suspect in Florida police officer's slaying captured By Reuters Published: 20:11 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 20:12 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail Jan 17 (Reuters) - The suspect in the killing of an Orlando, Florida, police officer this month was captured on Tuesday, authorities said, ending an extensive manhunt. Markeith Loyd, 41, was wanted in the fatal shooting of Master Sergeant Debra Clayton on Jan. 9. The shooting took place as police were trying to capture Loyd in the December murder of his pregnant former girlfriend. "We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD custody," the Orlando Police Department said on Twitter. Authorities had offered a $100,000 reward for information leading to his capture. Clayton, a decorated 17-year veteran of the Orlando Police Department, was shot while responding to a sighting of Loyd at a Walmart. She exchanged fire with Loyd, who was wearing body armor at the time and continued to fire when Clayton was down, police have said. Clayton died at a hospital. Loyd fled the shooting scene in a car and fired at a deputy who tried to the stop him, authorities said. The deputy was unharmed. Police have said three people were arrested in Florida on charges of having helped Loyd avoid capture in recent weeks. An Orange County sheriff's deputy in the manhunt for Loyd was killed in a collision between his motorcycle and a van. (Reporting by Ian Simpson in Washington; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Woods’ return to PGA Tour lasts 2 days after missing cut The archbishop of San Francisco leads vigil at Tenderloin bus Judge William Norris, author of milestone ruling on gays in Sinking Millennium Tower safe to live in, city report concludes News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Sex offender out of Oregon State Hospital after decades 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Steve Kerr to ‘absolutely’ play all 4 Warriors in All-Star Success for A’s Sonny Gray could hasten trade Jed Lowrie, Josh Phegley back healthy for A’s this spring All-Star Game’s live spectacle doesn’t translate on TV Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Hacker impersonates Sunrun CEO, nabs employee W-2 tax forms Kentucky bourbon trail buzzing with more than 1 million visits Google’s Pixel phone shines despite misgauging demand Business News Roundup, Jan. 26 A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘I Am Michael’: fascinating minefield about gay conversion The latest from Dear Abby Controversy unleashed over making of syrupy ‘Dog’s Purpose’ Matthew McConaughey goes grotesque in ‘Gold’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Q&A: Chef Philip Tessier reflects on Team USA’s Bocuse Halal Guys draws long lines at new O’Farrell Street My verdict on the Taco Bell Naked Chicken Chalupa: It’s a China Live set to open Feb. 24 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Retirees might want to move to 1 of these states rather than stay Bay Area hikes that are even better after the rain 11 amazing treehouse designs Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Travel Troubleshooter: United’s check in holding pattern Rick Steves: The ancient Tuscan towers of San Gimignano Suite Spot: Madrona Manor in Healdsburg Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: ‘Thoughtful and extensive’ remodel restores Contemporary grandeur radiates throughout Bernal Heights remodel Former San Francisco 49ers GM Trent Baalke sells San Jose mansion Mirrors, mirrors on all the walls in this 28th-floor, Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Business-News-Roundup-Jan-18-10863949.php Business News Roundup, Jan. 18 Chronicle News Services Published 5:02 pm, Tuesday, January 17, 2017 Zuckerberg testifies on VR Mark Zuckerberg, saying that it was the first time he had testified in a trial, vehemently denied claims that the virtual reality headset maker acquired by Facebook in 2014 had stolen technology for the Oculus Rift. Facebook’s co-founder and CEO, who has hailed virtual reality as his company’s next big thing, was called to the witness stand Tuesday by ZeniMax Media, which alleges that Oculus VR poached one of its star designers and purloined its intellectual property. The $2 billion trial in federal court in Dallas is in its second week. “I am aware of the claims,” Zuckerberg told jurors. “I’m here because I believe they’re false and it’s important to testify to that.” ZeniMax has accused the social media giant of completing its acquisition of Oculus in July 2014 with “full awareness” that the “holy grail” know-how behind one of Silicon Valley’s most promising devices was misappropriated. “I’ve asked our team to look into this,” Zuckerberg said. “We have. Our conclusion is the claims are wrong.” Zuckerberg testified that an email from venture capitalist and longtime Facebook board member Marc Andreessen was the seed of his interest in Oculus. Andreessen wrote that the Oculus headset “blew my brain wide open” and that the key to the company was the hiring of John Carmack, who became Oculus’s chief technology officer in August 2013. Carmack worked for ZeniMax before he joined Oculus. ZeniMax claims Carmack was responsible for much of the critical early development of the software and hardware for the virtual-reality headset before he was recruited away. Uber sues Seattle Uber filed a suit seeking to stop implementation of rules that would allow drivers for Uber, Lyft and other ride-hailing services to organize as a union. The motion is only the latest in efforts by Uber and Lyft to block the ordinance since the Seattle City Council passed it in late 2015. Uber’s motion asked that a court throw out the rules entirely and force the city to start over with a “lawful rule-making process,” saying that the rules were “arbitrary and capricious.” Seattle plans to stand by its rules, said Kimberly Mills, a city spokeswoman. Earnings UnitedHealth branches out The nation’s biggest health insurer made most of its money in the fourth quarter by selling things other than health insurance. UnitedHealth Group’s Optum division, which manages prescription drug plans, runs doctor practices and analyzes health care data, generated slightly more of a profit than the company’s traditional business of selling insurance. Health insurance still brought in most of UnitedHealth’s revenue. But analysts who follow the company see more growth potential in Optum and its focus on cutting costs and improving health care, topics more Americans are concerned with as medical costs rise faster than wages and inflation every year. “The market opportunity that they are addressing is the entire health care economy,” said Sheryl Skolnick, an analyst for Mizuho Securities USA. UnitedHealth Group reported Tuesday that it earned $1.9 billion (an adjusted $2.11 per share) in the fourth quarter, an increase of 56 percent. Revenue grew 9 percent to $47.52 billion. Analysts had expected $2.07 per share. Economy GM to invest in U.S. factories General Motors plans to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and add thousands of new white-collar jobs, measures that have been in the works for years but were announced Tuesday after criticism from President-elect Donald Trump. In all, the Detroit automaker said it will create or keep 7,000 jobs in the next few years, including about 2,000 at factories. An estimated 5,000 positions will be created at its auto financing arm and to develop advanced technology, electric and autonomous vehicles and information technology. Trump has demanded that the auto industry build more cars in the U.S. GM said these actions have been in the works since well before the election. Walmart plans to add jobs Walmart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Walmart and Sam’s Club stores, as well as in e-commerce services that were previously announced. Walmart is opening fewer stores this year, but adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. The rate is consistent with previous hiring in recent years, says Lorenzo Lopez, a Walmart spokesman. Media reports have also said, however, that Walmart plans to cut hundreds or even about 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters by the end of the month. Chronicle News Services Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. BREAKING NEWS Person taken into custody amid South Bay search for bank robber PRESIDENT TRUMP'S FIRST WEEK Trump signs 'new vetting measures' for refugees Zuckerberg ‘concerned’ by Trump immigration moves How a 20-percent Mexico tax could affect CA US-Mexico trade war could hit Mexico economy, spur migration Morford: Week One of Go to Hell, America LATEST NEWS Archbishop of SF leads vigil at Tenderloin bus stop Zuckerberg to drop suits seeking to buy Hawaii land 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Climate change conference back on thanks to Al Gore Woods’ return to PGA Tour lasts 2 days after missing cut Judge: Calif. can put cancer warning on Roundup SF supervisor offers Trump a room on Alcatraz Burglary suspect steals biker clothing, gets caught Melania eats jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover, public furious Mexican designers envision a Trump border wall Pena Nieto says Trump agreed not to talk about wall funding Sinking Millennium Tower safe to live in, city report concludes 20 homeowners at Millennium sue developer, SF Hacker impersonates local CEO, steals W-2 tax forms 42% of Trump voters approve of prez using private email Orwell’s ‘1984’ is a hot item at SF libraries 2017 isn't '1984' – it's stranger than Orwell imagined TODAY'S TOP PICKS Wild, unexpected consequences of the recent Calif. storms Offbeat and not, 25 'only in SF' spots to take tourists Ex-NBAer and NCAA star found dead at age 50 SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored $69 OFF: This three-day juice cleanse will reset and nourish... This Apple Mail plugin is like a personal assistant for your... Most Popular 1 Melania Trump is eating jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover,... 2 Wild unexpected consequences of the recent California storms 3 Poll: 42 percent of Trump voters say it's OK for Trump to use... 4 Hacker impersonates Sunrun CEO, nabs employee W-2 tax forms 5 Ex-NC State basketball star Charles Shackleford found dead 6 CalExit Measure Gets OK to Collect State Ballot Signatures 7 Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists 8 Why SF Supervisor London Breed is offering Trump a room on... 9 This way to the resistance: Your guide to defying the... 10 Mexican designers envision a Trump border wall that could take... THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out05:41 GMT +328 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Police Take in Custody Suspect in Shooting of Florida Officer © AFP 2016/ Mandel Ngan US 03:57 18.01.2017Get short URL 28211 Local authorities in the US state of Florida have captured Markeith Loyd, a suspect in the shooting death of an Orlando police officer and a pregnant woman, the Orlando Police Department (OPD) said in a statement. WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Earlier in the day, local authorities offered a $100,000 reward for any information about the location of the suspect. We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD ICustody. Details to come. Media: stand by for details on press conference. pic.twitter.com/SVjFUEvNak — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) 18 января 2017 г. ​"We've got him! Markeith Loyd in OPD in custody. Details to come," the department said in a Twitter post on Tuesday. Loyd is accused of shooting and killing Clayton in the parking lot of an Orlando-area Walmart store last week before hijacking a car and fleeing the scene. He is also suspected in the December shooting death of a pregnant woman, identified by media as his ex-girlfriend. Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 11 Related: Wife of Florida Pulse Nightclub Shooter Faces Life in Prison Suspected Florida Airport Shooter Appears in Court, Held Without Bond Florida Police Officer Shot in the Line of Duty Dies - Orlando Police Dep't Tags: suspect, custody, shooting, Florida, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Adrienne Adonis 04:38 18.01.2017 | 1 | Edit | Delete This person in custody is a typical Hillary voter who was pissed off she lost the election. Reply Qin reply toAdrienne Adonis(Show commentHide comment) 08:26 18.01.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Adrienne Adonis, LOL!!!!!!Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 05:25British Actor John Hurt Dead at 77 - Reports 04:52US Vice President to Participate in Trump-Putin Phone Conversation Saturday 04:43Twitter Reveals Receiving 2 National Security Demands From FBI 04:13Soyuz ST-B Rocket With Hispasat 36W-1 Telecom Satellite Successfully Launched 03:58Trump-Putin Talks Over Telephone Scheduled for 12 Noon on SaturdayAll news Trump Foiled Soros' Master Plan to Impose New World Order - Hedge Fund Manager 12936 India's Home-Made 'Eye-in-Sky' to Fly at Republic Day March for First Time 11097 India to Buy Hundreds of Missiles for Russian Self Propelled Air Defence System 10207 India Begins Constructing Movable Bunkers on Border With China 9558 Chinese Smartphones Make Steady Inroads in India 9334All news Trump Foiled Soros' Master Plan to Impose New World Order - Hedge Fund Manager 46 US Fact-Checking Institute Sponsored by Soros on War Path Against 'Fake News' 37 Secret Service Agent Scrutinized for Refusal to ‘Take Bullet for Trump’ 34 President Trump Signs Executive Order to Build Border Wall 31 Think Tanks Stage Massive Computer Simulation of War With Russia in Warsaw 25All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures War Games Hostility Towards Russia in the Global Media News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:49pm Sat 28 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Email Nicholas @nickjonesnzer Nicholas Jones Nicholas Jones is a New Zealand Herald political reporter. Liddell not the only Kiwi to get top US job 12:56 PM Wednesday Jan 18, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Politics Peter S Watson has served in three White House Administrations. 2007 New Zealand Herald Photograph by Kenny Rodger. The experience of a New Zealander who served in three White House Administrations suggests Chris Liddell will have a front row seat to history while working as an assistant to Donald Trump. Peter S Watson grew up in Mt Eden and attended Auckland Grammar, but a career in law later spanned top US law firms and saw him become involved in politics. Watson worked for George Bush Snr's Administration as a director of Asian Affairs for the United States National Security Council, and later held top posts in the George W. Bush Administration. A Republican, he was appointed chairman of the high-powered US International Trade Commission by the Clinton Administration. Chris Liddell. New Zealand Herald Photograph by Doug Sherring. Back in New Zealand in 2007, Watson - now president of the Dwight Group, a Washington, D.C.-based investment bank - told the Herald of the experience and pressures of working in the White House, at times directly reporting to the President. As Asian director of the National Security Council - the advisory group to the President - Watson's role covered South East Asia, Indochina and the South West Pacific. He played a part in efforts to end the rule of the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia and had to respond to coup attempts against the then Philippine president Corazon Aquino. Watson, a dual citizen of New Zealand and the US, recounted being in the situation room when rebel forces were strafing Aquino's presidential palace. "When these crises are evolving, you always have to keep in the back of your mind a sort of DNA reference of what you stand for long term," he said of the experience. Continued below. Related Content Kiwi businessman Chris Liddell appointed as one of Donald Trump's assistants Executive Success: Numbers add up to a top career A Kiwi in the White House Associate Professor Stephen Hoadley, international relations scholar at the University of Auckland, said a New Zealander being appointed to the sort of positions held by Watson and now Liddell was unusual. That was despite a large number of foreigners working in Government in the US, which was an "amazing open system", Hoadley said. As well as his business experience, Liddell was previously chairman of Project Crimson, a charitable trust that aims to protect New Zealand's endangered pohutukawa and rata trees. "He does have a green inclination - like all New Zealanders do - and that may in fact put him at odds with Trump's 'drill baby, drill' and 'climate change is a hoax' approach," Hoadley said. "He will be his own man - he has been chairman of Xero and he is pretty strong minded individual. He won't be bulldozed by Trump's somewhat misdirected urges." Hoadley said Liddell had the chance to make a difference. "The good thing about Trump - if there is any good thing about him - is he does want governmental reform, he wants change, he wants efficiency like a well-run business. "If Liddell can contribute to tidying up the apparatus of US Government that must be good for everyone." OTHER KIWI HIGH-FLYERS • Greg Foran CEO of Walmart Foran began his career packing supermarket shelves in Hamilton in the 1970s, and in the 1990s was one of two men Warehouse founder Stephen Tindall hand-picked to be his potential successor. He was appointed CEO of Walmart in 2014, which operates over 4000 stores in the US. • Ross McEwan CEO of Royal Bank of Scotland McEwan was named CEO of Britain's biggest publicly owned lender in 2013. Before heading to the UK, McEwan was one of the youngest chief executives in New Zealand. He ran local operations of French insurance company Axa and held personnel-type positions at Unilever, Dunlop and National Mutual. • Simon Walker Director General, Institute of Directors, UK Walker was the communications secretary to the Queen and a special adviser to Prime Minister John Major before taking up the top position at the British Private Equity and Venture Capital Association. He leads the Institute of Directors and is its primary spokesperson on issues including tax, Europe, regulation, trade and corporate governance. He was previously a TVNZ journalist and communications director for the New Zealand Labour Party. • Helen Clark, Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme The former New Zealand Prime Minister took up the high-powered UN position in 2009, and is the first woman to lead the organisation. Clark lost out last October to former Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Guterres to become the next UN Secretary-General. - NZ Herald Read more by Nicholas Jones Email Nicholas Jones Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Traffic plan in place as Nitro Circus fans descend on Toll Stadium The crowds expected for tomorrow's Nitro Circus show in Whangarei has prompted Whangarei… Hawke's Bay Today Michael Fowler: Drought in Bay nothing new Many involved in farming livestock or crops in Hawke's Bay will have memories of a particular… Bay of Plenty Times Back-to-school costs pinch parents A charity that supports needy children in the Bay says an increasing number of parents… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Bob McMurray: Tough at the bottom of F1 food chain Manor Racing Formula 1 team’s future balances on a knife-edge. Viva The Chinese digital influencers you should be following Celebrate Chinese New Year and follow these social media sensations for some stylish… True Commercial Millennium Centre syndication heats up Auckland’s premier business parks — the Millennium Business Centre. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 28 Jan 2017 15:32:13 Processing Time: 108ms
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 18 January 2017 | MYT 8:21 AM Wall St declines as some post-election gainers reverse NEW YORK: US stocks fell on Tuesday, with financials, transports and other big post-election gainers losing ground as earnings season kicked into gear. Also weighing on stocks were concerns about protectionist trade policies by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, which pushed the dollar the dollar to its lowest level in more than a month and bond yields down as investors cut risk. The S&P 500 financial index, which has rallied since the election on expectations of higher interest rates and reduced regulation under Trump, had its worst day since June 27 and led sector losses. It fell 2.3 percent. Morgan Stanley shares fell 3.8 percent even after its profit doubled in the fourth quarter. The bank's finance chief, Jonathan Pruzan, said Morgan Stanley will not increase its quarterly target for the business until it is clear that recent revenue trends were sustainable. "We continue to see a rally in the 10-year bond, so as we see as that yield curve shift lower, that is a potential headwind for financials," said Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama. "The flatter the yield curve, the less implicit net interest margin there is. How that plays out, I don't know if anybody knows ... but it's usually not a positive for the financials." Biotech and pharma stocks declined after Trump said in a Washington Post interview he would target companies over drug pricing and that he was ready to unveil a plan to replace Obamacare. The Nasdaq biotech index was down 2 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 58.96 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,826.77, the S&P 500 lost 6.75 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,267.89 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 35.39 points, or 0.63 percent, to 5,538.73. U.S. stocks have mostly surged since Trump's election on bets that he would usher in an era of economic growth through fiscal stimulus. "You're getting some giveback to the areas that have really done well with the Trump election. Some of that is a feeling he's starting to take on a lot of targets," said Rick Meckler, president of LibertyView Capital Management. Worries over Donald Trump's economic policies and the potential for U.S. policy errors rose sharply this month, according to a survey of fund managers. Investors also awaited quarterly earnings to begin in full force, with other major banks due to report this week. Transportation stocks including railroads, which mostly rose after the election, declined, with the Dow Transportation Average closing down 1.1 percent. A 1.4-percent rise in consumer staples offset some of the day's losses. Wal-Mart rose 1.9 percent after the retailer said it would create 10,000 jobs in the United States this year. The dollar index fell 0.8 percent after Trump told the Wall Street Journal that the strong currency was hurting competitiveness of U.S. companies. About 6.7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, above the 6.3 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.23-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.41-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 9 new 52-week highs and 1 new low; the Nasdaq recorded 57 new highs and 20 lows. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Markets You May Be Interested New ruling on plastic benefits SCGM Fed to stop mortgage reinvestments in 2018 Joey Yap: Good time to invest as assets are cheap Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Tycoon Slim says united Mexico ready for Trump talks Ponkan oranges choice of the season Chinese New Year's customs and taboos Property Related advertisement Latest News Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico In double whammy for Turkey, Fitch cuts to junk after S&P slashes outlook Fed to stop mortgage reinvestments in 2018 Wall St slips after soft GDP data, earnings Giving banks a run for their money Most Viewed in Business Making money from money Azman’s journey with AMMB Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico Joey Yap: Good time to invest as assets are cheap What Dow hitting 20,000 points means to Malaysia Unlocking value in MMC In double whammy for Turkey, Fitch cuts to junk after S&P slashes outlook Giving banks a run for their money Fed to stop mortgage reinvestments in 2018 Wall St slips after soft GDP data, earnings advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:49pm Sat 28 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Email Nicholas @nickjonesnzer Nicholas Jones Nicholas Jones is a New Zealand Herald political reporter. Liddell not the only Kiwi to get top US job 12:56 PM Wednesday Jan 18, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Politics Peter S Watson has served in three White House Administrations. 2007 New Zealand Herald Photograph by Kenny Rodger. The experience of a New Zealander who served in three White House Administrations suggests Chris Liddell will have a front row seat to history while working as an assistant to Donald Trump. Peter S Watson grew up in Mt Eden and attended Auckland Grammar, but a career in law later spanned top US law firms and saw him become involved in politics. Watson worked for George Bush Snr's Administration as a director of Asian Affairs for the United States National Security Council, and later held top posts in the George W. Bush Administration. A Republican, he was appointed chairman of the high-powered US International Trade Commission by the Clinton Administration. Chris Liddell. New Zealand Herald Photograph by Doug Sherring. Back in New Zealand in 2007, Watson - now president of the Dwight Group, a Washington, D.C.-based investment bank - told the Herald of the experience and pressures of working in the White House, at times directly reporting to the President. As Asian director of the National Security Council - the advisory group to the President - Watson's role covered South East Asia, Indochina and the South West Pacific. He played a part in efforts to end the rule of the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia and had to respond to coup attempts against the then Philippine president Corazon Aquino. Watson, a dual citizen of New Zealand and the US, recounted being in the situation room when rebel forces were strafing Aquino's presidential palace. "When these crises are evolving, you always have to keep in the back of your mind a sort of DNA reference of what you stand for long term," he said of the experience. Continued below. Related Content Kiwi businessman Chris Liddell appointed as one of Donald Trump's assistants Executive Success: Numbers add up to a top career A Kiwi in the White House Associate Professor Stephen Hoadley, international relations scholar at the University of Auckland, said a New Zealander being appointed to the sort of positions held by Watson and now Liddell was unusual. That was despite a large number of foreigners working in Government in the US, which was an "amazing open system", Hoadley said. As well as his business experience, Liddell was previously chairman of Project Crimson, a charitable trust that aims to protect New Zealand's endangered pohutukawa and rata trees. "He does have a green inclination - like all New Zealanders do - and that may in fact put him at odds with Trump's 'drill baby, drill' and 'climate change is a hoax' approach," Hoadley said. "He will be his own man - he has been chairman of Xero and he is pretty strong minded individual. He won't be bulldozed by Trump's somewhat misdirected urges." Hoadley said Liddell had the chance to make a difference. "The good thing about Trump - if there is any good thing about him - is he does want governmental reform, he wants change, he wants efficiency like a well-run business. "If Liddell can contribute to tidying up the apparatus of US Government that must be good for everyone." OTHER KIWI HIGH-FLYERS • Greg Foran CEO of Walmart Foran began his career packing supermarket shelves in Hamilton in the 1970s, and in the 1990s was one of two men Warehouse founder Stephen Tindall hand-picked to be his potential successor. He was appointed CEO of Walmart in 2014, which operates over 4000 stores in the US. • Ross McEwan CEO of Royal Bank of Scotland McEwan was named CEO of Britain's biggest publicly owned lender in 2013. Before heading to the UK, McEwan was one of the youngest chief executives in New Zealand. He ran local operations of French insurance company Axa and held personnel-type positions at Unilever, Dunlop and National Mutual. • Simon Walker Director General, Institute of Directors, UK Walker was the communications secretary to the Queen and a special adviser to Prime Minister John Major before taking up the top position at the British Private Equity and Venture Capital Association. He leads the Institute of Directors and is its primary spokesperson on issues including tax, Europe, regulation, trade and corporate governance. He was previously a TVNZ journalist and communications director for the New Zealand Labour Party. • Helen Clark, Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme The former New Zealand Prime Minister took up the high-powered UN position in 2009, and is the first woman to lead the organisation. Clark lost out last October to former Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Guterres to become the next UN Secretary-General. - NZ Herald Read more by Nicholas Jones Email Nicholas Jones Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Traffic plan in place as Nitro Circus fans descend on Toll Stadium The crowds expected for tomorrow's Nitro Circus show in Whangarei has prompted Whangarei… Hawke's Bay Today Michael Fowler: Drought in Bay nothing new Many involved in farming livestock or crops in Hawke's Bay will have memories of a particular… Bay of Plenty Times Back-to-school costs pinch parents A charity that supports needy children in the Bay says an increasing number of parents… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Bob McMurray: Tough at the bottom of F1 food chain Manor Racing Formula 1 team’s future balances on a knife-edge. Viva The Chinese digital influencers you should be following Celebrate Chinese New Year and follow these social media sensations for some stylish… True Commercial Millennium Centre syndication heats up Auckland’s premier business parks — the Millennium Business Centre. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 28 Jan 2017 15:32:13 Processing Time: 108ms
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Columbine: 15 Years Later San Bernardino Shooting TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Economy Consumer Travel Personal Finance Markets Business Jan 17 2017, 3:01 pm ET Companies Are Recycling Their Old News to Avoid Being Blasted in a Trump Tweet by Ben Popken Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement It's a "first strike" approach to jobs. Companies eager to avoid becoming the target of the next attack by President-elect Donald Trump are preemptively — or retroactively — announcing U.S. job creation plans. "When automakers such as Toyota announced their new strategies in response to the so-called Trump risk, the industry was nervous and asked 'Who's next?'" Kim Jin-woo, an analyst at Korea Investment & Securities Co. told Bloomberg after Hyundai-Kia announced it would invest $3.1 billion in the U.S. over the next five years. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed How much credit does Donald Trump deserve for job creation since election? 2:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/857217091942" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The risk is that Trump will include your name in a negative tweet, spawning a PR crisis and a temporary stock price ding. He's gone after automakers like Toyota for making cars in Mexico, Lockheed for cost overruns on the F-35 fighter jet program, and drug companies for high prices and anti-competitive behavior. Trump has used Twitter to threaten U.S. companies who manufacture in foreign countries with import tariffs. In December, Trump blindsided aircraft manufacturer Lockheed-Martin over the cost of its fighter jet program contracted by the U.S. Air Force. After campaigning on pledges to make U.S. companies bring jobs back, Trump has announced he's been successful at doing so before he's even president. So on Tuesday as business returned following the Martin Luther King federal holiday, a bevy of companies announced they would be adding jobs after the inauguration on Friday. Put down automaker GM for 1,500. Add 10,000 from Wal-Mart. "Thousands" for Hyundai. And Bayer said it would keep 9,000 jobs and add 3,000. That is, if the government gives it the regulatory approval to merge with Monsanto. Amazon didn't mention Trump in its press release announcing 100,000 U.S. jobs, mostly in fulfillment warehouses, but CEO Jeff Bezos attended a meeting of the tech titans at Trump Tower with the president-elect just before Christmas. Related: Trump Summons Tech Titans to Trump Tower "Pretty much everybody is dreading being the subject of a tweet," Kristin Dziczek, a spokeswoman for the Center for Automotive Research told the Guardian. "Getting hauled out into the court of public opinion with virtually no warning is not something anybody wants to get engaged with." They join a small but growing list of companies with recent job creation or preservation announcements tied either explicitly or implicitly to the PEOTUS, including Amazon, Carrier, Fiat Chrysler, Ford, and Sprint. Not So Fast But peel back a layer and the promises come with some caveats. A company's plan to increase capital expenditures, which include jobs and facility improvements, are typically years in the making. Some of these "announcements" are old news in a new hat. GM said its plan was approved before the election, but told Bloomberg it was "accelerated" under pressure from Trump, for example. Related: GM's Newly Announced $1B Investment Plans Likely Date Back to 2014 Wal-Mart's job creation plans are in line with its normal annual increase, and come after it has closed 269 under-performing stores and cut thousands of jobs. The combined Bayer-Monsanto U.S. R&D spending pledge is roughly what the two companies are already spending, CNBC reported. And Sprint's jobs were part of a previously announced commitment by its parent company to create 50,000 jobs in the U.S. "This is the normal course of business," independent auto industry consultant Maryann Keller told Bloomberg of the moves by GM and other automakers. "All they're doing is announcing investments that they would have made anyway." President-elect Donald J. Trump responded to NBC News' coverage of this story in a series of tweets Wednesday to reassert credit for the job announcements. PEOTUS Trump tweets in response to NBC News' coverage of this story. Ben Popken Twitter Facebook Google Plus Email Topics Economy, Politics News, U.S. news First Published Jan 17 2017, 3:01 pm ET Next Story The Economy Grew Just 1.6 Percent Last Year: Slowest Pace Since 2011 advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe From the editor Keeping journalism alive begins with you. If you don't subscribe to The Seattle Times, we invite you to do so today. Business Business Highlights Originally published January 17, 2017 at 3:17 pm Share story The Associated Press ___ New prescription: Doctor offices that look like Apple stores SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — After a relative suffered a heart attack a few years ago, Silicon Valley entrepreneur Adrian Aoun got an unsettling look at a health-care system that he diagnosed as an inefficient and outdated mess. Now he believes he has a remedy. It’s called Forward, a health-management service that charges a $149 per month — roughly $1,800 a year — to tend to all of its patients’ primary-care needs. And not just with attentive doctoring, either; Forward plans to deploy body scanners, sensors, giant touch-screen monitors, infrared devices and other high-tech gizmos that could make a doctor’s appointment feel more like a trip to an Apple store. Most Read Stories Seattle ‘won’t be bullied,’ will fight Trump’s sanctuary-city order, mayor says Seattle cop’s son killed after trying to stop car prowler in Sammamish  VIEW For thousands, light rail could be the only way through downtown Seattle next year What does Trump’s action on sanctuary cities mean for Seattle? Here’s what we know Seahawks assistant head coach for defense Rocky Seto leaves team to enter ministryUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Forward will still refer patients to outside specialists when its primary-care doctors can’t deal with certain health problems; same goes for hospital admissions. And there are bound to be health insurance headaches that Forward isn’t attempting to address. ___ Tobacco giant to emerge from $49 billion deal LONDON (AP) — British American Tobacco will take over Reynolds American Inc. to create the world’s largest publicly traded tobacco company that would seek to capitalize on growing demand for electronic cigarettes in the U.S. and traditional ones in developing countries. BAT, which has a greater global footprint and already sells Dunhill, Rothmans and Lucky Strike cigarettes, is interested in Reynolds’ greater market share in the U.S., where use of e-cigarettes is growing fastest. On the other hand, they would be able to market Reynolds’ brands like Newport, Camel and Pall Mall across a range of developing economies, where anti-smoking campaigns are not as strong as in the U.S. and Europe. BAT will pay about $49 billion to buy the 57.8 percent of Reynolds’ it doesn’t already own. ___ Markets cheer, EU wary as UK PM May signals ‘clean Brexit’ LONDON (AP) — Britain’s future outside the European Union became much clearer Tuesday: It’s so long to the single market, goodbye to the European Court of Justice and farewell to the freedom of movement for workers. In a long-awaited speech, Prime Minister Theresa May finally revealed the U.K’s hand as it prepares to start EU exit talks. She said the U.K. wants to free itself from EU governance and stop paying millions into its coffers, but still remain friends, allies and tariff-free trading partners with the soon-to-be 27 nation bloc. Pro-Brexit British politicians praised the speech, and the pound rallied from recent lows as May provided more details of the path ahead for the split with the EU — and vowed that Britain would remain “a great global trading nation” open to business and talent from around the world. Others called May’s vision wildly ambitious, like a divorcing couple who hope to remain best friends, share the kids and keep each other’s front door keys. ___ As US looks inward, China seeks a lead role on world stage DAVOS, Switzerland (AP) — With the U.S. increasingly looking inward and China eager to take a lead on the global stage, Chinese President Xi Jinping on Tuesday cast his country as a champion of free trade and stability, a rebuke to the isolationist urges that helped carry Donald Trump to power. Some of the elites listening in Davos, Switzerland, hailed a statesmanlike, even Barack Obama-like speech from Xi as the first Chinese head of state to attend the World Economic Forum — even if it depicted a Chinese commitment to open markets that falls short of reality. The speech, rife with metaphor and allusions to Ali Baba, Chinese proverbs and even Abraham Lincoln, highlighted a high-brow effort to make a contrast with an incoming U.S. leader whose own words regularly stirred controversy at home and abroad and created new doubts about U.S. leadership in the world. ___ UnitedHealth looks beyond insurance to help fuel 4Q growth The nation’s biggest health insurer made most of its money in the fourth quarter by selling things other than health insurance. UnitedHealth Group’s Optum division, which manages prescription drug plans, runs doctor practices and analyzes health care data, generated slightly more of a profit than the company’s traditional business of selling insurance. Health insurance still brought in most of UnitedHealth’s revenue. But analysts who follow the company see more growth potential in Optum and its array of products focused on cutting costs and improving health care, topics more Americans are concerned with as medical costs rise faster than wages and inflation every year. ___ Morgan Stanley beats profit forecasts, helped by trading NEW YORK (AP) — Investment bank Morgan Stanley said its fourth-quarter profits jumped 83 percent from a year earlier, helped by strong results in its stock and bond trading business. Morgan Stanley said Tuesday it earned $1.67 billion in the fourth quarter, or 81 cents per share, compared with $908 million, or 43 cents per share, in the same period a year ago. The results easily beat analysts’ expectations of 65 cents per share. The Wall Street bank’s trading desks had a blockbuster quarter, benefiting heavily from the rally in U.S. markets following the U.S. presidential election. Morgan Stanley’s institutional securities division, which includes its investment bank and trading operations, reported a pre-tax profit of $1.3 billion compared with $672 million in the same period a year earlier. ___ GM to add or keep 7,000 US jobs, make $1B factory investment General Motors plans to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and add thousands of new white-collar jobs, measures that have been in the works for years but were announced Tuesday after criticism from President-elect Donald Trump. In all, the Detroit automaker said it will create or keep 7,000 jobs in the next few years, including about 2,000 at factories. Another 5,000 new positions will be created at its auto financing arm and to develop advanced technology, electric and autonomous vehicles and information technology. Trump has demanded the auto industry build more cars in the U.S. GM said these latest actions have been in the works since well before the election, although spokesman Patrick Morrissey acknowledged it’s a good time to announce new jobs in the U.S. ___ Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world’s biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average fell 58.96 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,826.77, cutting into the gain it had made since Donald Trump’s surprise victory in November. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index fell 6.75, or 0.3 percent, to 2,267.89. The Nasdaq composite fell 35.39, or 0.6 percent, to 5,538.73. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 11 cents, or 0.2 percent, to $52.48 per barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 39 cents, or 0.7 percent, to $55.47. Natural gas fell a fraction of a penny to $3.412 per 1,000 cubic feet. Wholesale gasoline fell down 1 cent to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil flat at $1.65 a gallon, and natural gas declined 1 cent to $3.41 per 1,000 cubic feet. The Associated Press Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story FTC sues Qualcomm alleging monopoly of semiconductor device Previous Story Papermaker NCR agrees to complete Fox River cleanup Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Canadian Press» Business Business Highlights Add to ... The Associated Press Published Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017 6:18PM EST Last updated Tuesday, Jan. 17, 2017 6:18PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print ___ New prescription: Doctor offices that look like Apple stores SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — After a relative suffered a heart attack a few years ago, Silicon Valley entrepreneur Adrian Aoun got an unsettling look at a health-care system that he diagnosed as an inefficient and outdated mess. Now he believes he has a remedy. It's called Forward, a health-management service that charges a $149 per month — roughly $1,800 a year — to tend to all of its patients' primary-care needs. And not just with attentive doctoring, either; Forward plans to deploy body scanners, sensors, giant touch-screen monitors, infrared devices and other high-tech gizmos that could make a doctor's appointment feel more like a trip to an Apple store. Forward will still refer patients to outside specialists when its primary-care doctors can't deal with certain health problems; same goes for hospital admissions. And there are bound to be health insurance headaches that Forward isn't attempting to address. ___ Tobacco giant to emerge from $49 billion deal LONDON (AP) — British American Tobacco will take over Reynolds American Inc. to create the world's largest publicly traded tobacco company that would seek to capitalize on growing demand for electronic cigarettes in the U.S. and traditional ones in developing countries. BAT, which has a greater global footprint and already sells Dunhill, Rothmans and Lucky Strike cigarettes, is interested in Reynolds' greater market share in the U.S., where use of e-cigarettes is growing fastest. On the other hand, they would be able to market Reynolds' brands like Newport, Camel and Pall Mall across a range of developing economies, where anti-smoking campaigns are not as strong as in the U.S. and Europe. BAT will pay about $49 billion to buy the 57.8 per cent of Reynolds' it doesn't already own. ___ Markets cheer, EU wary as UK PM May signals 'clean Brexit' LONDON (AP) — Britain's future outside the European Union became much clearer Tuesday: It's so long to the single market, goodbye to the European Court of Justice and farewell to the freedom of movement for workers. In a long-awaited speech, Prime Minister Theresa May finally revealed the U.K's hand as it prepares to start EU exit talks. She said the U.K. wants to free itself from EU governance and stop paying millions into its coffers, but still remain friends, allies and tariff-free trading partners with the soon-to-be 27 nation bloc. Pro-Brexit British politicians praised the speech, and the pound rallied from recent lows as May provided more details of the path ahead for the split with the EU — and vowed that Britain would remain "a great global trading nation" open to business and talent from around the world. Others called May's vision wildly ambitious, like a divorcing couple who hope to remain best friends, share the kids and keep each other's front door keys. ___ As US looks inward, China seeks a lead role on world stage DAVOS, Switzerland (AP) — With the U.S. increasingly looking inward and China eager to take a lead on the global stage, Chinese President Xi Jinping on Tuesday cast his country as a champion of free trade and stability, a rebuke to the isolationist urges that helped carry Donald Trump to power. Some of the elites listening in Davos, Switzerland, hailed a statesmanlike, even Barack Obama-like speech from Xi as the first Chinese head of state to attend the World Economic Forum — even if it depicted a Chinese commitment to open markets that falls short of reality. The speech, rife with metaphor and allusions to Ali Baba, Chinese proverbs and even Abraham Lincoln, highlighted a high-brow effort to make a contrast with an incoming U.S. leader whose own words regularly stirred controversy at home and abroad and created new doubts about U.S. leadership in the world. ___ UnitedHealth looks beyond insurance to help fuel 4Q growth The nation's biggest health insurer made most of its money in the fourth quarter by selling things other than health insurance. UnitedHealth Group's Optum division, which manages prescription drug plans, runs doctor practices and analyzes health care data, generated slightly more of a profit than the company's traditional business of selling insurance. Health insurance still brought in most of UnitedHealth's revenue. But analysts who follow the company see more growth potential in Optum and its array of products focused on cutting costs and improving health care, topics more Americans are concerned with as medical costs rise faster than wages and inflation every year. ___ Morgan Stanley beats profit forecasts, helped by trading NEW YORK (AP) — Investment bank Morgan Stanley said its fourth-quarter profits jumped 83 per cent from a year earlier, helped by strong results in its stock and bond trading business. Morgan Stanley said Tuesday it earned $1.67 billion in the fourth quarter, or 81 cents per share, compared with $908 million, or 43 cents per share, in the same period a year ago. The results easily beat analysts' expectations of 65 cents per share. The Wall Street bank's trading desks had a blockbuster quarter, benefiting heavily from the rally in U.S. markets following the U.S. presidential election. Morgan Stanley's institutional securities division, which includes its investment bank and trading operations, reported a pre-tax profit of $1.3 billion compared with $672 million in the same period a year earlier. ___ GM to add or keep 7,000 US jobs, make $1B factory investment General Motors plans to invest $1 billion in U.S. factories and add thousands of new white-collar jobs, measures that have been in the works for years but were announced Tuesday after criticism from President-elect Donald Trump. In all, the Detroit automaker said it will create or keep 7,000 jobs in the next few years, including about 2,000 at factories. Another 5,000 new positions will be created at its auto financing arm and to develop advanced technology, electric and autonomous vehicles and information technology. Trump has demanded the auto industry build more cars in the U.S. GM said these latest actions have been in the works since well before the election, although spokesman Patrick Morrissey acknowledged it's a good time to announce new jobs in the U.S. ___ Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart plans to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. as it opens new stores and expands existing locations. The world's biggest retailer said Tuesday that its plans will also generate about 24,000 construction jobs. The jobs will come from the opening of 59 new, expanded and relocated Wal-Mart and Sam's Club locations as well as e-commerce services that were previously announced. Wal-Mart is opening fewer stores this year, but still adding jobs as it offers more positions in online grocery pickup, trainers for its new academies for hourly workers and construction jobs for remodels. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average fell 58.96 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 19,826.77, cutting into the gain it had made since Donald Trump's surprise victory in November. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 6.75, or 0.3 per cent, to 2,267.89. The Nasdaq composite fell 35.39, or 0.6 per cent, to 5,538.73. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 11 cents, or 0.2 per cent, to $52.48 per barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 39 cents, or 0.7 per cent, to $55.47. Natural gas fell a fraction of a penny to $3.412 per 1,000 cubic feet. Wholesale gasoline fell down 1 cent to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil flat at $1.65 a gallon, and natural gas declined 1 cent to $3.41 per 1,000 cubic feet. This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   BTI-ABritish American Tobacco PLC Latest Price$123.62 -0.15 (-0.12%) RAI-NReynolds American Inc Latest Price$60.34 +0.17 (+0.28%) MS-NMorgan Stanley Latest Price$43.65 -0.17 (-0.39%) Updated January 27 4:00 PM -5GMT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics United Kingdom United States of America San Francisco, California Rothmans London Donald Trump European Union British American Tobacco plc Morgan Stanley Reynolds American Inc. Silicon Valley Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know ROB Magazine The real reason house prices in Toronto are soaring real estate Fort St. John, B.C., mansion raises eyebrows with unusual listing Investor Newsletter Little effort, big returns; REIT picks; and how many stocks you should own globe drive Montreal auto show is ‘first real electric-car’ exhibition as Quebec leads charge The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Presidential or dangerously erratic? John Ibbitson on week one of Trump's presidency Video Video: Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness Globe Drive The iconic VW microbus is back, but is it just a diversion? Globe Drive The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 Globe Drive Put snow chains on your tires with the push of a button Life Gender takes a back stage to makeup and manicures for some young Japanese men Life Chef Basics: This seafood stew is a dish to enjoy any season Report on Business Take an aerial tour of Fort Hills, the latest oil sands megaproject News Trump signs order for rebuilding of military, vetting of refugees News Mike Pence addresses Washington anti-abortion rally News Trump says he hopes for 'fantastic relationship' with Putin Report on Business The stop-start story of the Keystone XL pipeline ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor At 36, single mom reaches debt-free goal. ‘It feels really good’ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Six dividend-growth stocks for your RRSP Life Include these foods and supplements in your vegan or plant-based diet Most popular Invest Like a Legend 2017: Ten legends reveal how to make money in the coming year NDP Leader Tom Mulcair denounces Trump, calls him a ‘fascist’ How to make big returns by doing nothing, REIT picks, and the number of stocks you should really own GM to cut 625 jobs at Ontario plant, union says Vancouver's Shoes.com shuts down operations X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,294.69 -1.99 (-0.09%) Dow 30 20,093.78 -7.13 (-0.04%) Nasdaq 5,660.78 5.61 (0.10%) Bayer, Monsanto confirm spending plans after meeting Trump ReutersJanuary 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share FILE PHOTO - The logo of Bayer AG is pictured at the Bayer Healthcare subgroup production plant in Wuppertal February 24, 2014. REUTERS/Ina Fassbender/File PhotoMore FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Bayer and Monsanto said on Tuesday they would spend at least half of their agriculture research and development budget in the United States over the next six years, following a meeting with President-elect Donald Trump last week. The two companies, which are awaiting approval of their agreed $66 billion deal from Trump's incoming administration, issued a joint statement after Trump's spokesman said Bayer had pledged to boost U.S. investments and jobs. They said they expect to spend a total of about $16 billion worldwide on agriculture R&D over the next six years, in line with an annual 2.5 billion-euro ($2.7 billion) pro-forma budget they announced at the time of the merger agreement in September. The German drugs and agriculture group and the U.S. seeds giant also said on Tuesday they would create "several thousand new high-tech, well-paying jobs after integration is complete". Trump's spokesman had said the companies had promised to maintain their more than 9,000 U.S. jobs and add 3,000 new U.S. high-tech positions. Trump has elicited jobs and investment pledges from several companies including General Motors and Wal-Mart as he prepares to take office on Friday. (Reporting by Ludwig Burger; Writing by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Georgina Prodhan/Ruth Pitchford) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico Reuters New Trump Coin Breaks Every Sales Record DonaldCoins.comSponsored Berlin mayor to Trump: 'Don't build this wall!' AFP Cramer finally reveals whether he is pro-Trump or anti-Trump CNBC.com Facebook’s Zuckerberg ‘Concerned’ by Trump Immigration Moves Bloomberg How Older Women Tighten Skin BrilliantBlushCollectionSponsored Correction: Feds-Hiring Freeze story Associated Press BUFFETT: What I tell people who are anti-immigration Yahoo Finance Mark Zuckerberg knocks Trump's executive orders on immigration Yahoo Finance Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Police Are Warning Against This Scary New Phone Scam Real Simple Trump executive order leaves Malala ‘heartbroken’ Yahoo News Cramer finally reveals whether he is pro-Trump or anti-Tr... CNBC Videos The No. 1 Stock to Own for 2017 Banyan HillSponsored This virtual reality glove will let you feel what you touch Yahoo Finance 'People are furious down here': Hundreds of protesters will amass at Mark Zuckerberg's Hawaiian wall Business Insider FBI probes threat to 'blow up' Denver-area refugee center Saint Preferred: But wait, Madonna says its okay to blow up the White House...oh, that's different, right? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 61 Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Skip to content Home Subscribe Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires Breitbart London Breitbart Jerusalem Breitbart Texas Breitbart California STORE Facebook Twitter RSS SHOP NOW > GM to Invest $1 Billion in U.S. Plants After Trump Pressures Co. to Keep Jobs in U.S. by Katherine Rodriguez17 Jan 20170 17 Jan, 2017 17 Jan, 2017 SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER General Motors announced Tuesday that it will invest $1 billion in U.S. plants amid pressure from President-elect Donald Trump to keep jobs in the U.S. GM said the $1 billion investment, along with the 1,500 new jobs the company expects to create or retain in the U.S., is in addition to the $2.9 billion investment the company announced in 2016 and more than $21 billion the company has invested in the U.S. since 2009, the Detroit Free Press reported. SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER GM also said it will start moving axle production for its pickup trucks in the U.S., including work previously done in Mexico, to plants in Michigan. The company expects that move will create an additional 450 jobs. The company said it plans to create a total of 7,000 new jobs over the next two or three years, including the 450 jobs on axle production, the 1,500 new jobs announced with the investment, and more than 5,000 jobs related to engineering, GM financial, and advanced technology, Reuters reported. GM also said it plans to bring back information technology jobs that were previously outsourced to foreign countries in a move that will create 5,000 new IT jobs in the U.S. over the next few years. “All of the decisions behind today’s announcement are good business decisions and they have been in the works for some time,” said GM spokesman Pat Morrissey. “There’s no question there is an emphasis on job creation in the U.S. right now. This was good timing for us to share what we are doing, including our ongoing commitment and track record for U.S. investment over the last several years.” Trump congratulated GM for it’s push to bring jobs back to the U.S. Tuesday afternoon. Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017 “Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!” Trump wrote on Twitter. Read More Stories About: Big Government, Economics, Pre-Viral, auto plants, Donald Trump, engineering, General Motors, information technology, investment, Jobs, manufacturing Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page. BREITBART CONNECT Sign Up For Our Newsletter Inauguration Weekend! What Trump Means Douglas Carswell Karl Malone MOST POPULAR VP Pence at March for Life: Supreme Court Nominee Will Uphold God-Given Constitutional Liberties0 comments - 5 hours ago March for Life 2017: Photos from Washington, DC’s Pro-Life Rally0 comments - 7 hours ago Watch Live: March for Life Rally in Washington, DC0 comments - 12 hours ago #CalExit: State Approves ‘California Nation’ to Collect Signatures0 comments - 13 hours ago Scarborough to Bannon: ‘Taking on the Press Like That — It Always Ends Badly’0 comments - 10 hours ago Hillary Clinton Received Over 800,000 Illegal Votes, Research Shows0 comments - 8 hours ago Steve Bannon Torches New York Times: ‘You Have No Power’0 comments - 1 day ago Report: NBC Cutting Third Hour of Top-Rated ‘Today’ to Make Room for Megyn Kelly0 comments - 5 hours ago Trump doubles down in Mexico feud0 comments - 11 hours ago Trump Moving to Take Bids on Building the ‘Wall’0 comments - 1 day ago FROM THE HOMEPAGE Zuckerberg Hits Trump’s Immigration Policies, Says America Must ‘Keep Door Open to Refugees’ 0 Comments Trump: Christian Refugees ‘Horribly Treated,’ ‘We Are Going to Help Them’ 0 Comments Trump Hopes to Slash EPA Staff, Carbon Footprint by 50% 0 Comments Trump Signs Order to Rebuild Military After Mattis Takes Oath of Office 0 Comments NAACP Vows to Oppose Trump’s Voter Fraud Investigation 0 Comments Report: NBC Cutting Third Hour of Top-Rated ‘Today’ to Make Room for Megyn Kelly 0 Comments Pence Joins Washington’s March for Life 0 Comments Trump and Peña Nieto Agree to Not Publicly Discuss Wall Payment 0 Comments Exclusive — Pro-Life NFL Star Ben Watson: Time for ‘Men to Step Up, Protect Women’ from Abortion 0 Comments March for Life 2017: Photos from Washington, DC’s Pro-Life Rally 0 Comments Kellyanne Conway Addresses March For Life Crowd: ‘This Is a New Day, a New Dawn for Life’ 0 Comments SEIU Union Tries to Block Trump’s Pick For the Labor Department 0 Comments ‘Hundreds’ to Protest at Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s Walled Hawaiian Estate 0 Comments Boeing Suits Up for Future of Spaceflight with New Spacesuit Design 0 Comments Final Death Toll for Italy Avalanche Reaches 29 0 Comments One Year of Water in Orange County in Just Four Days 0 Comments YouTube Disables MILO Livestream Hours Before Immigration Speech in New Mexico 0 Comments Philly Archbishop: Cult of Abortion Is ‘Subtle Genocide Posing as Rights’ 0 Comments VP Pence at March for Life: Supreme Court Nominee Will Uphold God-Given Constitutional Liberties 0 Comments Send A Tip Send A Tip Copyright © 2017 Breitbart Advertise With Us EXPLORE BREITBART Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires London Jerusalem Texas California The Conversation Privacy Policy Terms of Use Breitbart Jobs Connect Facebook Twitter RSS Send us a tip SUBSCRIBE TO THE BREITBART NEWSLETTERSwitch to Full Site Copyright © 2017 Breitbart
News Sports Entertainment Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Digital Edition News News Local Crime Databases Education Election Politics Nation/World Special Reports Carolina College Bound Columnists Campaign Tracker Retro Charlotte Your Schools Mark Washburn All Blogs & Columns Sports Sports Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets That's Racin' High Schools College Sports Charlotte Knights/MLB Other Sports Blogs & Columnists Inside the Panthers Inside the NBA Prep Insiders Scott Says All Blogs & Columns Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Banking ShopTalk Top Workplaces National Business Bank Watch What's in Store Development Earth and Energy All Blogs & Columns Living Living Religion Food & Drink Health & Family Home & Garden CLT Style Travel Living Here Guide Deal Diva Everyday Angels Blogs & Columnists I'll Bite Karen Garloch Kathleen Purvis All Blogs & Columns Entertainment Entertainment Events Movie News & Reviews Restaurants Music/Nightlife Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Media Scene Blogs & Columnists Helen Schwab Sound Bites Lawrence Toppman All Blogs & Columns Opinion Opinion Editorials Kevin Siers Letters Submit a Letter Viewpoint All Blogs & Columns Blogs & Columnists O-Pinion You Write The Caption Taylor Batten Eric Frazier Peter St. Onge Celebrations Obituaries Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Classifieds Shopping Place an ad MomsCharlotte Carolina Bride Magazine Lake Norman Magazine South Park Magazine Crime January 17, 2017 6:41 AM Shots fired in back-to-back robberies of Charlotte restaurants A pair of armed robbers struck a Waffle House in north Charlotte and a nearby Jack in The Box on Tuesday morning, with shots being fired at both. Police could not immediately say whether the attacks are related. Associated Press i By Michael Gordon mgordon@charlotteobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Two armed robbers struck two north Charlotte restaurants Tuesday morning, firing shots at both sites and stealing phones from the patrons of one of them. According to Observer news partner, WBTV, police say the robberies took place at the Waffle House on Stetson Drive and at the Jack in the Box on North Tryon Street. The robberies took place 30 minutes apart; the restaurants are 3 miles from each other. Charlotte-Mecklenburg police said they were unable to confirm that the two incidents are related. Multiple suspects are being sought. At 2:51 a.m., police say two suspects entered the Waffle House and demanded money at gunpoint. One of the robbers opened fire on the restaurant’s safe but it did not open. The robbers then took phones from several customers before fleeing. At 3:22 a.m., officers answered an armed robbery call at the Jack in The Box on the 10100 block of North Tryon. According to WBTV, a restaurant worker reported that shots were fired into the business but nothing was taken and no injuries occurred. In a third case of gun violence, police say they are hunting for multiple suspects in the shooting of a man in a Walmart parking lot at 2:10 a.m. The man was struck in the face outside of the Wilkinson Boulevard store but is expected to recover. This is a developing story; check back to charlotteobserver.com for updates. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:34 Police release body camera video of fatal 2016 shooting Pause 0:35 Catholics gather in support against abortion 0:56 Rea Road Hotel site controversy 2:03 Coast Guard releases sea turtles near Atlantic Beach, N.C. 0:57 Girls watch Hidden Figures movie 1:25 Protest along Albemarle Rd. 3:31 New N.C. Gov. Roy Cooper makes two Cabinet post picks 0:45 CMPD fatally shoots one person in east Charlotte 3:36 Former Gov. McCrory chased down D.C. alley by people shouting 'Shame!" 0:45 Charlotte soccer stadium gets county approval - commissioner explains 'no' vote Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Charlotte School of Law reopened Monday 1:15 4 days ago Charlotte School of Law reopened Monday 0:21 16 days ago Citizen’s Facebook video of erratic driver leads to DWI arrest. 0:38 23 days ago CMPD continues investigation of teen shooting death View more video Crime Man killed by police had fired weapon at officer, CMPD report says Charlotte School of Law starts food drive so students get something to eat Police seek driver who seriously injured Huntersville pedestrian Photos released of men suspected of comprising gas pumps at Indian Trail 7-Eleven Witnesses appeared before grand jury this month in Pittenger matter Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
