DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Amazon Continues To Offer ‘Bulletproof’ Black Lives Matter T-Shirt, Over Police Protest Ted Goodman 4:46 PM 12/25/2016      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   Black Lives Matter Shirt that says 'Bulletproof': Screenshot (Amazon.com)    5393501 Amazon.com continues to offer a controversial shirt from the activist group Black Lives Matter while Walmart pulled the item following complaints and a letter from the nation’s largest police union. The shirt reads, “BULLETPROOF” and “Black Lives Matter.” The National Fraternal Order of Police (FOP), which represents over 330,000 members in more than 2,200 chapters, asked Walmart and Amazon.com to pull a specific item of clothing from their shelves last week. So far, only one of the two retail giants have obliged. Walmart announced that it had removed the piece of clothing Wednesday, but Amazon continued to sell the product into Christmas day. (RELATED: Wal-Mart Dings Black Lives Matter Shirt) Chuck Canterbury, president of the FOP, wrote to Amazon Wednesday just after learning that Walmart pulled the t-shirt from the activist group. “I wanted to let you know that my members are are very upset that you and Amazon are complicit in the sale of this offensive merchandise,” Canterbury wrote to Amazon CEO Jeffrey Bezos. “I write to urge you to prohibit the use of the Amazon name and website for the retail sale of these products,” he continued in the letter. The FOP said it wasn’t opposed to the shirt because it’s pro-Black Lives Matter, but took issue with the word “bulletproof.” Walmart wasn’t actually selling the “Bulletproof. Black Lives Matter” shirt itself, but it was available for purchase on its website via a third-party merchant. “Like other online retailers, we have a marketplace with millions of items offered by third parties that includes Blue Lives Matter, Black Lives Matter and All Lives Matter merchandise,” a Walmart spokesman told CNN. “After hearing concerns from customers, we are removing the specific item with the ‘bulletproof’ reference.” The Daily Caller News Foundation has reached out to Amazon, who has not responded by press time. As of 4 p.m. on Christmas day, the controversial shirt was still available on Amazon.com. Follow Ted on Twitter Send Tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Amazon, Black Lives Matter, Chuck Canterbury, Jeffrey Bezos, National Fraternal Order of Police, Walmart Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Connect To Top TELEVISION RHOA Kenya Moore NeNe Leakes Kandi Burruss Phaedra Parks Cynthia Bailey Porsha Williams Claudia Jordan RHOC Tamra Barney Vicki Gunvalson Shannon Beador RHOBH Lisa Vanderpump Brandi Glanville Kim Richards Kyle Richards Lisa Rinna Eileen Davidson RHONJ Teresa Giudice Joe Giudice Melissa Gorga RHONY Ramona Singer Bethenny Frankel Sonja Morgan Carole Radziwill Real Housewives of Melbourne Gina Liano Southern Charm Thomas Ravenel Kathryn Dennis Ladies of London Caroline Stanbury Chrisley Knows Best Chrisley and Company Chase Chrisley Julie Chrisley Todd Chrisley Nellyville Nelly Lil Shawn Braxton Family Values Tamar Braxton Toni Braxton Nuestra Belleza Latina MUSIC Rihanna Madonna Chris Brown FILM Angelina Jolie Brad Pitt Tom Cruise SPORTS GOLF Leaderboard PGA LPGA Euro Tour Tiger Woods Rory McIlory BOXING Floyd Mayweather Manny Pacquiao NFL MLB NBA NCAAB NCAAF HORSE RACING SOCCER Premiere League La Liga Bundesliga Liga MX Champions League Europa League Copa Mundial Nation Powerball Mega Millions Tornado Fires World Earthquakes Hurricanes > HOME ENTERTAINMENT NFL CFB MLB SOCCER GOLF NATION WORLD STAFF ABOUT Manchester United vs Reading Score 2017: English FA Cup NFL Playoff Bracket 2017 Printable: NFL Playoff Schedule 2017 SBS Tournament of Champions Leaderboard 2017: Golf Scores English FA Cup 2017 Results: West Ham vs Manchester City Score PGA Leaderboard 2017: SBS Tournament of Champions Leaderboard, Results ChristmasDecember 25, 2016 Walmart Open on Christmas Day? Costco, Target Closed 12/25 Lucy Paresh Share Tweet Pin Starbucks Open on Christmas Day With Waffle House, Dunkin Donuts McDonalds Open on Christmas Day: iHop Open Today, Golden Corral LOS ANGELES (LALATE) – Is Walmart open on Christmas Day, is Target open Christmas December 25, and is Costco open or Sams Club on Christmas Day? Annually, Walmart is closed on Christmas Day. And the same is true today. Costco is closed on Christmas Day. And also not opening today are Sears and Target. But Ralphs, Albertsons, Safeway, Kroger, and markets are open for limited hours. Annually Christmas Day Walmart and Costco hours prompt confusion. For example, in Los Angeles, Costco was open on Christmas Eve one hour earlier. That prompted massive lines in the Marina Del Rey Costco location at just 9 am PST. But Costco, Sams Club and Walmart are closed on Christmas Day. Yes, some markets are open on Christmas Day 12/25, and most restaurant chains are open on Christmas Day. But Walmart is closed on Christmas Day. Walmart joins the growing list of stores closed on Christmas Day. Stores like JCPenney, Kohl’s, and Hobby Lobby are generally closed as well today. But open for 12/25 are 7-Eleven, CVS, and Walgreens for select stores and hours. Moreover, markets are open for modified hours today. Albertson, Kroger, Whole Foods, Fresh and Easy are open today as well. In 2014, Walmart told news about its dedication to the community over the holidays. “Walmart announced the 75 food pantry winners of the Food Pantry Holiday Makeover campaign that will each receive a $20,000 grant for facility makeovers”, officials then told news. The money goes to the facilities to upgrade their operations to feed families in need. Rev. Robert P. Hahn, Senior Pastor Chesapeake Church, Chesapeake Cares Food Pantry, issued a news statement thanking Walmart at the time. For continuing coverage of all Christmas Day store closures and openings, mail delivery, football games, and bowl schedule, click HERE. Lucy Paresh ABOUT THIS AUTHOR || Chief Correspondent: National, International | If a fire is spreading and evacuations are being ordered, or if a gunman is on a school campus and hostages are being taken, Lucy (lparesh@lalate.com) has it covered. From fires, to national and international and breaking news and exclusives, Lucy covers everything that happens across our national and around the world, daily. || TO CONTACT THIS AUTHOR | Email Address: lparesh@lalate.com | Telephone: 314-400-8010 | Follow on Twitter: Twitter.com/LALATENEWS | Biography: http://news.lalate.com/author/lucy-paresh/ | LALATE Staff & Physical Address: http://news.lalate.com/staff/ Related ItemsChristmasFeaturedWalmart You must be logged in to post a comment Login Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. LATEST NEWS Manchester United vs Reading Score 2017: English FA Cup NFL Playoff Bracket 2017 Printable: NFL Playoff Schedule 2017 FOOTBALL NEWS NFL Playoff Bracket 2017 Printable: NFL Playoff Schedule 2017 NFL Playoff Bracket 2017: NFL Playoff Schedule 2017 Set More in Christmas Broncos vs Chiefs Score: NFL Playoff Picture, Christmas ST LOUIS (LALATE) – Broncos vs Chiefs 2016 (live score results below) delivers the second Christmas Football game today. And the... Sarah LevelleDecember 25, 2016 Ravens vs Steelers Score: Christmas Football Channel Confusion ST LOUIS (LALATE) – Ravens vs Steelers 2016 (live score results below) are currently in the first quarter of today’s NFL... Sarah LevelleDecember 25, 2016 Christmas Football Games Schedule 2016: NFL, NCAA Football Games LOS ANGELES (LALATE) – The Christmas Football Games Schedule 2016. But what is the Christmas Football 2016-17 Schedule this year, will... Sarah LevelleDecember 25, 2016 Applebees Christmas Day Open: Golden Corral Open December 25 ST LOUIS (LALATE) – Applebees is open on Christmas Day December 25 and the same is true for Golden Coral. Also... Jessica MathrowDecember 25, 2016 Starbucks Open on Christmas Day With Waffle House, Dunkin Donuts ST LOUIS (LALATE) – Starbucks is open on Christmas Day. Starbucks, Waffle House and Dunkin Donuts are all open today December... Lucy PareshDecember 25, 2016 Copyright © & TM 1998-2017 LALATE. All Rights Reserved. Home Staff About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Posting Comments Archives Contact Us NFL TODAY NFL Playoff Bracket 2017 Printable: NFL Playoff Schedule 2017 NFL Playoff Bracket 2017: NFL Playoff Schedule 2017 Set Packers vs Lions Score: NFL Score Results Tonight NFL Playoff Picture 2017: Football Playoffs Schedule Seahawks vs 49ers Score: NFL Playoff Picture Today Tags Featured Soccer College Football Golf football Leaderboard College Basketball AP Top 25 Winning Numbers EPL Table Liga MX Baseball PGA Tornado Earthquake Powerball RHOA Fire Bracket Mega Millions MLB hurricane March Madness NCAA Playoff Projected Path LPGA Bowl Champions League National Hurricane Center CFP RHOC Cardinals Basketball Kenya Moore World Cup Tour de France TDF Copa Mundial La Liga
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact   Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Analysts Set Expectations for Wingstop Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (WING) Windstream Holdings Inc Forecasted to Earn FY2018 Earnings of ($1.38) Per Share (WIN) Waters Corporation (WAT) to Post FY2018 Earnings of $7.75 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts HNI Corporation (HNI) Coverage Initiated at Sidoti Catabasis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CATB) Earns Outperform Rating from Wedbush Aegis Upgrades Parker-Hannifin Corporation (PH) to “Buy” Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Receives Buy Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies Apple Inc. (AAPL) Given “Buy” Rating at Brean Capital Heron Therapeutics, Inc. (HRTX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company Deckers Outdoor Corporation’s (DECK) Buy Rating Reiterated at Brean Capital Corium International’s (CORI) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Cantor Fitzgerald Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IONS) Earns “Hold” Rating from Cowen and Company Canaccord Genuity Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) Dynavax Technologies Corporation (DVAX) Given Buy Rating at Cowen and Company Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Given Buy Rating at Cowen and Company Humana Inc. (HUM) Earns Hold Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Celgene Corporation’s (CELG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Cantor Fitzgerald Biogen Inc. (BIIB) Rating Reiterated by Cantor Fitzgerald Magellan Midstream Partners L.P. (MMP) Earns “Buy” Rating from RBC Capital Markets TC PipeLines,’s (TCP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at RBC Capital Markets Ngam Advisors L.P. Raises Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) December 25th, 2016 - By Renee Jackson - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Ngam Advisors L.P. boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 1.2% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 85,035 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 1,022 shares during the period. Ngam Advisors L.P.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $6,133,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 20,297,797 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,463,878,000 after buying an additional 348,391 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.6% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 19,309,257 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,409,962,000 after buying an additional 297,217 shares during the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 4.9% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 8,319,158 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $607,461,000 after buying an additional 389,425 shares during the last quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 8.4% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 8,146,797 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $594,878,000 after buying an additional 629,728 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Legal & General Group Plc increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 2.6% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 8,015,281 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $585,236,000 after buying an additional 201,015 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 28.80% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.07% during trading on Friday, hitting $69.54. The company had a trading volume of 4,803,947 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $213.71 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.08 and a beta of 0.11. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $70.62 and its 200 day moving average is $71.48. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a 52-week low of $60.20 and a 52-week high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.03 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was reported by The Cerbat Gem and is the sole property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2016/12/25/ngam-advisors-l-p-raises-stake-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several research analysts have commented on WMT shares. KeyCorp started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Thursday, September 29th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $90.00 price objective on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Credit Suisse Group AG initiated coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, September 16th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $80.00 price target on the stock. Guggenheim initiated coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, September 30th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price target on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $72.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, October 10th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $75.09. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2016. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff NFL NBA MLB College Sports NHL Soccer Markets Menu NFL NBA MLB College Sports NHL Soccer Markets About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Shares Sold by Sentry Investment Management LLC Posted by Daniel Jordon on Dec 25th, 2016 // No Comments Sentry Investment Management LLC cut its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 6.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 114,393 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 7,978 shares during the period. Sentry Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $8,250,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Vigilant Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1,270.0% in the second quarter. Vigilant Capital Management LLC now owns 1,370 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 1,270 shares during the period. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at about $100,000. Americafirst Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at about $106,000. Seven Eight Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at about $111,000. Finally, Piershale Financial Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.6% in the second quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,607 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $117,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the period. 28.80% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.07% on Friday, reaching $69.54. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 4,803,947 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $70.62 and a 200 day moving average price of $71.48. The firm has a market capitalization of $213.71 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.08 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a 52-week low of $60.20 and a 52-week high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The business had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.03 earnings per share. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Sports Perspectives and is the propert of of Sports Perspectives. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://sportsperspectives.com/2016/12/25/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-shares-sold-by-sentry-investment-management-llc/. Several research analysts have recently weighed in on WMT shares. Vetr cut shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $70.46 price target on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, September 6th. Credit Suisse Group AG started coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday, September 16th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $80.00 price target on the stock. Buckingham Research set a $70.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, September 28th. Barclays PLC raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $70.00 to $87.00 in a research report on Thursday, September 22nd. Finally, Citigroup Inc. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Monday, October 3rd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $75.09. In other news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total transaction of $5,185,352.04. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  «  PREVIOUS Cooper Tire & Rubber Co. (CTB) Shares Sold by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC  »  NEXT Facebook Inc. (FB) Position Raised by Adell Harriman & Carpenter Inc. Latest News Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website Daily Ratings & News for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our free daily email newsletter: Follow @SPNewsAnalysis Sports Perspectives Recent Posts Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Receives GBX 245.69 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Thomas Cook Group plc (TCG) Receives GBX 96.25 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Standard Life Plc (SL) Price Target at $381.64 Smith & Nephew SNATS, Inc. (SNN) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Hess Corporation (HES) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Analysts Set Prospect Capital Corporation (PSEC) Target Price at $7.56 Brokerages Set Regulus Therapeutics Inc. (RGLS) PT at $8.83 Brokers Set Expectations for AK Steel Holding Corporation’s FY2017 Earnings (AKS) BJ’s Restaurants, Inc. (BJRI) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.95 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (LOW) Position Decreased by Fulton Breakefield Broenniman LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $9,261,000 Stake in Pioneer Natural Resources Company (PXD) DnB Asset Management AS Has $9,833,000 Position in Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) Altria Group (MO) Shares Sold by BARING ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd Newmont Mining Corporation (NEM) Shares Sold by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Shares Bought by Toronto Dominion Bank Clarkston Capital Partners LLC Purchases 13,870 Shares of Anthem, Inc. (ANTM) Tile Shop Hldgs, Inc. (TTS) Shares Sold by Emerald Advisers Inc. PA E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) Stake Boosted by Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Shares Sold by Daiwa Securities Group Inc. Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) Shares Sold by Mesirow Financial Investment Management Equity Management NFL NBA MLB College Sports NHL Soccer Markets © 2006-2017 Sports Perspectives
NorthEscambia.com News for Molino, Bratt, Walnut Hill McDavid, Century & Cantonment     Home News Events Features Blog Sports About Contact Advertise Free Classifieds | Obituaries | Latest Headlines Molino Man Charged With Striking Deputy In Face Days Of Rain: 3-5 Inches Possible By Monday Fire Destroys Cantonment Area Home Attic Fire Damages Molino Home GED Offered Next Month At The Molino Community Center Tips From The IRS On Year-End Gifts To Charity Free Beans And Rice Giveaway Saturday In Cantonment 2016 In Photos: April ECSO Seeks Man For Allowing Minor To Have Gun, Trespassing Cantonment Man Lands In Jail, Upset That He Didn’t Get Anything For Christmas Customer Hearings Planned In Gulf Power Rate Increase Case December 26, 2016 With state regulators weighing a Gulf Power proposal to raise base electric rates by $106.8 million, the Northwest Florida utility’s customers will be able to weigh in next month. The state Public Service Commission has scheduled customer hearings January 26 at Pensacola State College and January 27 at Florida State University’s Panama City Campus, according to a notice posted on the commission’s website. The hearings are part of a months-long process that will lead to a decision by the commission on the proposed rate hike. The commission is scheduled March 20 to start a multi-day hearing that will include detailed financial and technical information related to the request. Also this week, the retailer Walmart filed a petition to formally intervene in the case. “Walmart is … a major retail customer of Gulf Power, purchasing electricity from Gulf to operate its stores and distribution facilities in Northwest Florida,” the petition said. “As one of Gulf’s largest retail customers, Walmart’s substantial interests will be determined by the commission’s actions in these dockets, and accordingly, Walmart is entitled to intervene in these … proceedings.” The January 26 meeting at Pensacola State College will begin at 6 p.m. in the Hagler Auditorium (located at the corner of Underwood Avenue and North 9th Avenue). The purpose of these service hearings  is to take testimony from the public on the quality and adequacy of Gulf Power’s service and other matters related to Gulf Power’s petition for a rate increase.  The procedure at these hearings shall be as follows:  The coompany will present a brief summary of its case and then members of the public may present testimony.  Members of the public who wish to present testimony are urged to appear promptly at each scheduled hearing time since the hearing may be adjourned early if no witnesses are present to testify.  All witnesses shall be subject to cross examination at the conclusion of their testimony. by The News Service of Florida Comments 14 Responses to “Customer Hearings Planned In Gulf Power Rate Increase Case” Bo Peep on December 31st, 2016 6:33 pm 1) If you see that white plume coming out of the new stack at the Crist plant, they are burning coal, not natural gas. They probably burn coal about 98% of the time when the plant is running. 2) The Crist plant complies with all current EPA rules. I would guess it will run, >50% on coal, for at least another 10 years. 3) The amount of time from starting the permitting process to generating electricity for a nuclear power plant is probably 10-15 years. I am highly doubtful GPC is going to build a Nuclear Power Plant. David Huie Green on December 29th, 2016 4:29 pm @David Huie Green “Do you think Gulf Power is raising the rate because they thought they were having to shut the coal plant down in three years? Now they do not?” No, they say they want it to improve reliability and safety for linemen. AND “Do you know the practicality of getting a nuclear power plant going to serve our needs in this area right away?” Low, too much opposition. Other than than that, about 5 years actual construction time is common. David for safe, reliable power Charlie Mike on December 28th, 2016 10:11 pm Lear jets are expensive. jeeperman on December 27th, 2016 1:23 pm The local GP power generation plant, (Crist) has been running on natural gas since the price of it went down with the advent of fracking. Bob C. on December 27th, 2016 8:25 am I have heard that because of regulations on use of coal to produce electricity that the local electric plant for Gulf Power is now run mostly by Natural Gas. Also heard that there is great interest among the electrical generating crowd to buy up and have control over the Natural Gas companies and fields to assure they have access and can set prices to charge the consumers. There’s nothing much better in business than being able to produce your own major consumable item (Natural Gas) to convert it to a needed product (Electricity) and pass the cost plus profit along to the consumers (Us and Walmart).. Retired on December 27th, 2016 3:00 am @David Huie Green Love what you had to say in a way..if we want to argue..too much oxygen can be harmful.. or too much water I agree but back to the original article. Do you think Gulf Power is raising the rate because they thought they were having to shut the coal plant down in three years? Now they do not? Do you know the practicality of getting a nuclear power plant going to serve our needs in this area right away? David Huie Green on December 26th, 2016 11:47 pm CONSIDERING: *”I wonder if a reduction in CO2, which by the way is not a pollutant, was impossible in the process of burning coal or natural gas and was causing them to scramble to meet our energy demand.”* If you didn’t rid yourself of the carbon dioxide you produce, you would die. If the carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere reached high enough levels, you would die. Therefor, carbon dioxide is a pollutant. The question is just one of: How much is too much? A way to not worry about the answer to that question is to produce vitally needed energy without producing carbon dioxide. We can replace our fossil fuel burning power plants with nuclear power. We can replace our fossil fuel burning power plants with geothermal power. We can replace our fossil fuel burning power plants with wind power. We can replace our fossil fuel burning power plants with solar power. Nuclear is the most compact and reliable source, day and night. There are liquid metal pyrometallurgical designs which will “burn” existing fissionable and fissile supplies to meet our current demand more than a thousand years, even without mining another ton of ore. It would leave no long-term nuclear waste and would use up what is currently called waste. They just need competent people at the controls, in the construction and in the designing. Even failing that, so far the harm has been less than that caused by the use of coal. (And it stands to reason we can improve on 1950s designs using improved knowledge.) David for safe nuclear Fr÷da on December 26th, 2016 9:36 pm I can’t wait to see how walmart plays into this. Nod on December 26th, 2016 5:46 pm Gulf power will use this increase for the good of the community anne 1of2 on December 26th, 2016 4:19 pm Bob C, you read that Nov 3rd in this very newspaper. Now they want millions more. They will do you a huge favor by coming into your home and telling you to insulate the dog food bowl too! Gulf Power needs to be broken up into smaller sections so they can handle their money in smaller portions by different accountants. Maybe we can keep moving to where the rates are lowest. This means renting instead of owning,lol. Retired on December 26th, 2016 3:47 pm Since president Trump is putting someone in charge of EPA that realizes the absurdity of reducing carbon dioxide by 30 % by 2020, which was causing Southern Company and Gulf Power and Crist Plant to practically have to shut down their coal burning plants should make a difference in their emergency plan to have to go to alternative energy and affect this need for rate hike. Alternative Energy is good, moving away from fossil fuel is great but CO2 by 30 % ?? They already monitor NOX and SOX and opacity and such. I wonder if a reduction in CO2, which by the way is not a pollutant, was impossible in the process of burning coal or natural gas and was causing them to scramble to meet our energy demand. The need may now be eliminated due to this new administration with common sense and pragmatism at the helm. Henry W Coe on December 26th, 2016 1:50 pm Why doesn’t Gulf Power present its case online so people can be familiar with it. They can certainly present their case at the meeting, but if their reasoning is justified, make the presentation available online, today, so people will be familiar with the subject matter. If GP is intending to be good stewards of the community, they should have no problem with doing this for their neighbors/victims. jeeperman on December 26th, 2016 12:19 pm Gulf Power wants their customers to PAY for the millions they gambled away while trying to bamboozle their customers to vote yes on Amendment 1. It failed to constitutionalize their monopoly. But the PSC caters to the power companies, not the customers. Bob C. on December 26th, 2016 11:21 am William and all y’all I know that I’m getting older and the old noggin isn’t what it once may have been but I am sure that Gulf Power was thumping its chest and announcing Rate REDUCTIONS only a couple of months ago. Now, they’re wanting Rate INCREASE??? Seems they cannot figure out what the heck they are trying to do. Not a huge fan of Big-Box stores over the Mom & Pop places but I do support Walmart in their efforts here even though they’re purely a business interest. Gulf Power workers, we know it’s not y’all this is a move on the corporate world greed. Name (required) Email Address (will not be published) (required) Website (enter your own site, if any; not northescambia.com) Your Comments: Have a comment on this story? We welcome your comments on this story, but there are some rules to follow:: (1) Be Nice. No comments that slander another, no racism, no sexism, no personal attacks. (2) No Harrassing Comments. If someone says something bad about you, don't respond. That's childish. (3) No Libel. That's saying something is not true about someone. Don't do it. (4) Keep it clean. Nothing vulgar, obscene or sexually related. No profanity or obvious substitutions. Period. (5) NorthEscambia.com reserves the right to remove any comments that violate our rules or we think to be inappropriate. We are not responsible for what is posted. Comments may not appear right away until they are approved by a moderator. (6) Limit your comments to the subject in this story only, and limit comments to 300 words or less. Do not post copyrighted material. Comments will not be added to stories that are over 30 days old. (7) No posts may advertise a commercial business or political group, or link to another commercial web site or political site of any kind. Written by William · Filed Under News    Copyright © 2007-2013 NorthEscambia.com · P.O. Box 105 · Walnut Hill, FL 32568 · All Rights Reserved.

You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Soccer Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 15° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds this evening will give way to mainly clear skies overnight. Low 8F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 6, 2017 @ 2:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Close Woman gave birth inside a Lousiana Walmart bathroom and dumped baby in trash, police say Kristine Guerra Dec 25, 2016 (…) (c) 2016, The Washington Post. Police in rural Louisiana say a Walmart employee found a baby girl in a bathroom a few hours after the infant's mother gave birth to her and dumped her in a trash can. The infant was only about 4 hours old when an employee at a Walmart Supercenter in the city of New Roads in Pointe Coupee Parish found her just after 7 p.m. on Friday, Lt. Shael Stringer of the New Roads Police Department told The Washington Post. The mother, a woman in her 30s, was found shortly after. Stringer said a Walmart employee saw the woman in the bathroom at about 3 p.m. that day and noticed that she was bleeding heavily. The woman told the employee that she was having some trouble with her menstrual cycle. At that point, police said, the employee gave the woman some paper towels and waited outside the bathroom stall, not knowing that the woman was giving birth inside. The woman wrapped the newborn girl, placed her in the trash can and left. About 4 1/2 hours later, another employee who was emptying the trash can noticed that it was relatively heavy, Stringer said. The employee placed the trash bag on the floor and found the infant, who was discolored and wasn't breathing. The baby was revived at the scene and was taken to a hospital less than a mile away, Stringer said. The infant, who is now in stable condition, was later taken to a hospital in Baton Rouge. "Had it been just a little bit longer, the possibility of resuscitation probably wouldn't have happened," Stringer said. Investigators found the woman, who had been taken to another hospital in a nearby town Friday night because of complications from giving birth. Police expect to arrest the woman after she is discharged from the hospital, Stringer said. She could be charged with attempted second-degree murder. Videos from CNN Tags Crime General News Shael Stringer Medicine Social Services Police Employee View (…) comments Most popular Missing Millstadt woman found dead St. Louis business owner has $1 million mansion in Wildwood but votes in the city Greitens: 'I have completely ruled out state funding for stadiums' This small rural school is one of Missouri's biggest education successes Former Edward Jones Dome has future potential, but not for MLS Follow us Quick links Current Affairs Obituaries Look back to all that happened in 2016 Access our archives See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Share 46 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 Chicago Race Torture Victim Says Attacker Jordan Hill ‘Was My Friend’ Before Facebook Live Assault Opinion 2017-01-06 A Mom Sent Another Mom A Bill For $400 After Her Daughter’s Shoes Got Scuffed Up On Playdate News 2017-01-06 Charles Manson Too Risky For Surgery, Back To Prison? News 2017-01-06 Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: How Did Esteban Santiago Get Through Security With A Gun In His Checked Luggage? Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: WWE Determined To Make WrestleMania 33 Main Event Great After Watching Wrestle Kingdom 11 Main Event Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Technology 2017-01-06 As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Body Found Decapitated With Genitalia Removed Behind Walmart In Albuquerque, New Mexico Crime 46 0 0 December 25, 2016 Body Found Decapitated With Genitalia Removed Behind Walmart In Albuquerque, New Mexico Angelica N. Sumter An investigation is underway after the decapitated body of a male was found behind a Walmart in northeast Albuquerque, New Mexico, according to the KRQE News 13. Early Saturday morning on December 17, a Walmart security officer made a grim discovery behind the dumpster – a nude body of a man, who was identified as 42-year-old Clifford Miller of McAlester, Oklahoma, with his head decapitated and his genitalia removed. When Albuquerque police arrived at the crime scene on Wyoming near Menaul NE, they immediately began an investigation and concluded that the victim had been murdered elsewhere before the killer dumped his body behind Walmart. Police did not specify where they believe the brutal murder took place. Although a motive for the killing has not been determined, Albuquerque police were able to speak with Carlos Atencio, who says he met the victim at a homeless shelter. It was reported that Miller moved to New Mexico, leaving behind his two children and ex-wife, in hopes of finding work. He was able to find two jobs but lost them shortly after. Miller soon became homeless – ultimately losing his cell phone and began sleeping in homeless shelters and bus stations. Atencio told police officials that before Miller’s body was found decapitated with his genitalia removed behind a Walmart store, he asked an unidentified man, who the victim did not know, if he could live with him. Now he fears that he may have been killed shortly after the request. Officer Fred Duran, who is a spokesperson for the Albuquerque Police Department, stated, “The detectives, officers, (medical investigators) and everyone else that was at the scene, they’re the ones that are dealing with this investigation.” “It’s tough; it’s not something that’s easy to see.” “Right now detectives are working hard trying to find out more information,” Duran said. “We don’t have hardly any leads that we’re working with.” Since the body was decapitated, fingerprints were used to identify Miller as the victim. Police first notified Miller’s father, who was still living in Oklahoma. When Miller’s ex-wife learned of his brutal murder, Chandel Fults, who is Miller’s ex-wife’s sister, said, “She [Miller’s ex-wife] was crying when I talked to her. I had to tell her oldest daughter myself. How would you take it if you had to be told your dad died?” Miller was no stranger to the law as he was arrested in the 1990s and early 2000s for multiple misdemeanor charges, as well as a felony possession of marijuana and cultivating marijuana. In October of this year, Miller was held at the Pittsburg County Jail for “operating an unauthorized motor vehicle on the road, public intoxication, and speeding,” according to Gore Police Officer Eric Cope. However, Fult stated that she didn’t “know of anything that could have hinted he’d meet his end in such a brutal fashion.” “I don’t see him as a person that this could actually happen to,” Fults said. “He was goofy, he wasn’t into drugs or anything. He was a good guy.” In a Facebook post, Christina M Faith WhiteEagle – who apparently knew the victim – wrote, “He is not a horrible person and he was a sweet goofy guy we loved.” A Walmart shopper, Diamond Enriquez, said, “I think it is insane how something just can happen in one second at somewhere you shop all the time somewhere families come and shop.” The Office of the Medical Investigator is working diligently to uncover how the victim died and if he was decapitated before or after his death. If anyone has any information regarding the headless, nude body found behind the Albuquerque Walmart, you are urged to contact Crime Stoppers at (505) 843-7867. [Featured Image By Slobo/iStock] Now Watch This: White Supremacist Dylann Roof’s Fate In Jurors Hands Now Read This: Florida Mom Killed Her Toddler Son And Threw His Body In A Swamp Because He Had The ‘Soul Of Hitler,’ Police Say Share 46 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Angelica N. Sumter Tags: body, decapitated, police, victim November 3, 2013 Kendall Jenner Turns 18, Porn Offers Flood Her Inbox November 3, 2013 Nick Foles Throws 7 TDs, Ties NFL Record View full timeline 2 mins ago Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy 2 days ago Police: Ohio Man Squirted Semen On Women At Walmart Comments LATEST HEADLINES Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Seattle Mariners Trades: New Starting Pitcher, Outfielder Acquired By Jerry Dipoto Chicago Race Torture Victim Says Attacker Jordan Hill ‘Was My Friend’ Before Facebook Live Assault Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly Talks About Russian Interference A Mom Sent Another Mom A Bill For $400 After Her Daughter’s Shoes Got Scuffed Up On Playdate David Byrne Says Talking Heads Reunion Would Be ‘A Number Of Steps Backwards’ As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Britney Spears ‘Womanizer’ Is Trending On The Internet NBA Trade Rumors: Andrew Bogut To Celtics, Deron Williams To Cavs, Jae Crowder To Heat, Goran Dragic To Mavericks Highlight Seven-Player Deal Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.4k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 12 0 0 Recent Videos Crime Turkey Bomb Blast Caught On CCTV Crime Rival Gangs Spark Deadliest Prison Riot In Brazil Crime Poker Professional Ordered To Return Millions To Casino Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Celebrities Royal Family Lifestyle Beauty  • Entertainment •  Movies Health Religion One News Page > Entertainment > Walmart’s Christmas Hours- Can We Shop At Walmart On Christmas Walmart’s Christmas Hours- Can We Shop At Walmart On Christmas Friday, 23 December 2016 (2 weeks ago) Whenever we have a shopping emergency, we can always count on Walmart. The retail giant is the one-stop shop for everything we need at a low price. This Christmas, if you’re planning to drop in at a Walmart near you, you should first find out the store’s Christmas hours. Walmart is a mega-chain of stores that provide everything including groceries, toys, apparel, furniture, and much more. You can get whatever you need all under one roof at prices you can afford. For … The post Walmart’s Christmas Hours- Can We Shop At Walmart On Christmas appeared first on Earn The Necklace. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: WEHT - 3 weeks ago< > Embed evsc christmas shopping evsc christmas shopping You Might Like Recent related news New Year's Eve, New Year's Day 2017 store hours, sales: Walmart, Best Buy, Target, Kohl's and moreWhat time does Walmart close today? What are Target's hours? When do Starbucks, McDonald's and Dunkin' Donuts close? How long are the grocery stores open on the... NJ.com 6 days ago - US Walmart Hours Today: Is Walmart Open Near You on New Year’s Eve? Find Out Here!Is Walmart open on New Year’s Eve? In case you were wondering about Walmart’s hours today, the good news is, they are open! However, many are still asking... Earn The Necklace 5 days ago - Entertainment Twins go into labour within 24 hours of each other over ChristmasTwo women have proved twins really do share a special connection after giving birth within 24 hours of each other - on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day!Twins... Plymouth Herald 6 days ago - UKAlso reported by •Torquay Herald Express •Exeter Express and Echo •Bristol Post Robin Hood pub in Bramshall was hit by another fire 24 hours...A popular village pub and restaurant had already been hit by a fire 24 hours before suffering a devastating Christmas Day blaze, it has been revealed.On... Burton Mail 1 week ago - UK Woman, 48, dies after collapsing in Sefton Street on Christmas...A woman collapsed and died on the street in west Hull in the early hours of Christmas Day. Humberside Police have confirmed that a 48-year-old woman died in... Hull Daily Mail 1 week ago - UKAlso reported by •Wells Journal •Bristol Post ​Regional news: Twin sisters celebrate double Christmas baby joyTWIN sisters from Devon have both welcomed their babies into the world during Christmas.The women proved twins really do share a special connection after giving... North Devon Journal 6 days ago - UK Other recent news in Entertainment MEEK MILL Needs “Love” After Nicki Minaj Split [Video] NICKI MINAJ confirms she's single and shows ex Meek Mill exactly what he's missing 'GIRL MEETS WORLD' Cancelled at Disney Channel After 3 Seasons Are makers of Hrithik Roshan’s Kaabil indirectly promoting SHAH RUKH KHAN’s Raees? 7 of DEEPIKA PADUKONE’s Hottest Pics of All Time GOLDEN GLOBES 2017 - More Celeb Added to Presenters Lineup! BBC causes huge controversy with 'sickening' REAL HOUSEWIVES OF ISIS sketch HRITHIK ROSHAN condemns Bengaluru mass molestation case, says we all bear responsibility Following TUCKER CARLSON’s Move to 9:00, Martha MacCallum Gets 7:00 Spot on Fox News KYLIE JENNER’s Vacation in Mexico: All the Pics You Need to See Twitter Facebook Page People Ivanka Trump Donald Trump Barack Obama Roddy Piper Prince Harry Current Topics Facebook Craftsman Chicago Gulf Of Mexico Tucker Carlson Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Has This Disney Director Just Confirmed That Elsa And Anna Have a Secret Brother..? Is It Apple's Time To Face The Music? New Lawsuit Places Firm In Hot Water The UK Just Lost Its Top Brexit Negotiator MOVIE REVIEW: Passengers Coming Soon - A Brief Look AT 2017's Biggest Movies New Year's Honours List: Olympic Stars Celebrated George Michael's Cause Of Death Is Inconclusive - So Far One News Page's Top 10 Movies Of 2016 Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments400+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. True Crime Woman gave birth inside a Walmart bathroom and dumped the infant in the trash, police say The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Kristine Guerra December 24, 2016 Follow @kristinegWP (iStock) Police in rural Louisiana say a Walmart employee found a baby girl in a bathroom a few hours after the infant’s mother gave birth to her and dumped her in a trash can. The infant was only about 4 hours old when an employee at a Walmart Supercenter in the city of New Roads in Pointe Coupee Parish found her just after 7 p.m. on Friday, Lt. Shael Stringer of the New Roads Police Department told The Washington Post. The mother, Kyandrea Thomas, a woman in her 30s, was found shortly after. Stringer said a Walmart employee saw Thomas in the bathroom at about 3 p.m. that day and noticed that she was bleeding heavily. Thomas told the employee that she was having some trouble with her menstrual cycle. [A state worker deemed a toddler ‘fine’ in a welfare check. A month later, he was found dead.] At that point, police said, the employee gave Thomas some paper towels and waited outside the bathroom stall, not knowing that she was giving birth inside. Thomas wrapped the newborn girl, placed her in the trash can and left, police said. About 4½ hours later, another employee who was emptying the trash can noticed that it was relatively heavy, Stringer said. The employee placed the trash bag on the floor and found the infant, who was discolored and wasn’t breathing. The baby was revived at the scene and was taken to a hospital less than a mile away, Stringer said. The infant, who is now in stable condition, was later taken to a hospital in Baton Rouge. [Parents of skeletal, infected infant twins arrested in ‘worst case of child abuse’] “Had it been just a little bit longer, the possibility of resuscitation probably wouldn’t have happened,” Stringer said. Investigators found Thomas, who was taken to another hospital in a nearby town Friday night because of complications from giving birth. Thomas was taken into custody after she was discharged from the hospital on Saturday afternoon. Stringer said she will be booked at East Baton Rouge Prison and will be charged with attempted second-degree murder.   This post will be updated. READ MORE: ‘I can’t believe it’s a real baby’: Woman finds newborn discarded in trash compactor ‘No more baby’: Sorority sister gets life term for tossing newborn into trash to die His newborn was being fussy. So he threw her into another room, killing her, authorities say. local true-crime Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local true-crime Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 400+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Kristine Guerra is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post. Contact her at kristine.guerra@washpost.com. Follow @kristinegWP 400 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 House Republicans revive obscure rule that allows them to slash the pay of individual federal workers to $1 2 How nostalgia for white Christian America drove so many Americans to vote for Trump 3 ‘He’s busting into my window right now,’ a woman told a dispatcher. She was later found dead. 4 Evangelicals should be deeply troubled by Donald Trump’s attempt to mainstream heresy 5 A teacher and his husband were found dead in August. Police say they had sexually abused 8 boys. Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game local true-crime Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs mental health therapist (substance abuse) Arlington County (Virginia) Government program associate (tapur study) American Society of Clinical Oncology program manager, consulting services American Society of Clinical Oncology washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Everence Capital Management Inc. Has $3,858,000 Position in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Stake Increased by Piermont Capital Management Inc. Northpointe Capital LLC Raises Stake in LSI Industries Inc. (LYTS) Culp, Inc. (CFI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Position Increased by Piermont Capital Management Inc. Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) Stake Boosted by Prudential Financial Inc. Insider Selling: Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Insider Sells 312 Shares of Stock Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Buys New Stake in Allergan PLC. (AGN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Lowers Position in Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Shares Bought by Profund Advisors LLC Insider Selling: Cadiz, Inc. (CDZI) CFO Sells 32,000 Shares of Stock Richard K. Vitelle Sells 10,100 Shares of CalAmp Corp. (CAMP) Stock Insider Selling: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Director Sells 6,500 Shares of Stock Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH Maintains Stake in Equity Residential (EQR) Thomas Story & Son LLC Maintains Position in Cognex Corporation (CGNX) People s United Financial Inc. Has $4,438,000 Position in Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) International Paper Company (IP) Shares Bought by Brookstone Capital Management IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Shares Sold by Trillium Asset Management LLC INC Research Holdings, Inc. (INCR) CEO Sells $774,499.60 in Stock Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Shares Sold by Trillium Asset Management LLC Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI Reduces Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) December 23rd, 2016 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI decreased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 0.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 19,279 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 22 shares during the period. Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $1,390,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Piershale Financial Group Inc. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares in the last quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the second quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC now owns 2,902 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $212,000 after buying an additional 11 shares in the last quarter. WealthTrust Arizona LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.5% in the third quarter. WealthTrust Arizona LLC now owns 2,549 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $184,000 after buying an additional 13 shares in the last quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the third quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC now owns 3,646 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $263,000 after buying an additional 15 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Blue Bell Private Wealth Management LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.6% in the third quarter. Blue Bell Private Wealth Management LLC now owns 2,576 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $186,000 after buying an additional 16 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 28.80% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.07% during trading on Friday, hitting $69.54. The stock had a trading volume of 4,803,947 shares. The stock has a market cap of $213.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.08 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a 12 month low of $60.20 and a 12 month high of $75.19. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $70.62 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.48. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $118.69 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $1.03 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2016/12/23/parsons-capital-management-inc-ri-reduces-stake-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on WMT shares. Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, November 19th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 9th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Instinet reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $81.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday. Finally, Vetr upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $73.70 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, September 7th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $75.06. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 51.55% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes Democrats Promise to Undermine Certain Cabinet Confirmations Sanctions Leveled by the U.S. Against Russia for Hacking Inauguration Planners Bracing for Large Numbers of Protesters © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2016. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Internet Black Lives Matter Amazon Biggest US police union urges Amazon to remove 'offensive' Black Lives Matter shirt This week, Walmart decided to pull the shirt from sales online after the police union termed it 'offensive.' By Hyacinth Mascarenhas December 24, 2016 05:51 GMT The Fraternal Order of Police have called on Amazon to pull a Black Lives Matter T-shirt from sale on its siteReuters/Mike Segar The Fraternal Order of Police (FOP) have called on Amazon to pull a shirt from a third-party sale online that reads "Bulletproof: Black Lives Matter." On Thursday (22 December), Walmart decided to remove the shirt from the online sale after the biggest police union in the US said it was "offensive". In an open letter to Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos dated Wednesday, FOP president Chuck Canterbury urged the online marketplace executive to remove the "offensive" shirts and sweatshirts that carry the slogans 'Bulletproof,' 'Black Lives Matter' and the "urban myth" of 'Hands Up, Don't Shoot'. "I believe you share the FOP's goal of increasing the bonds of trust between the men and women of law enforcement and the communities they serve," Canterbury wrote. "I wanted to let you know that my members are very upset that you and Amazon are complicit in the sale of this offensive merchandise. "I understand the that these are third party sales, but Amazon does have the ability to prohibit the sale of products which are offensive to the public and which may damage your company's good name amongst FOP members and other active and retired law enforcement officers." At the time of publication, the T-shirts and hoodies were still available for sale via Amazon.com. Canterbury also criticised third-party sellers for making money by "exploiting the racial divisions in our country — divisions that the FOP is working hard to heal at the local, state and national level." "Commercializing our differences and perpetuating the myths which harm the relationship between the protectors and their communities is wrong at any time of the year, but it is especially egregious now", he wrote. "This should be a time for joy and no family who has lost a son or daughter, whether in the line of duty or in a tragic event, should have their pain turned into someone else's profit." FOP's executive director James Pasco told CNN that "the bulletproof thing goes to the new assertiveness of some violence prone individuals to take action directly against police. We find it offensive for that reason". Speaking to the Guardian, Canterbury said the FOP will continue to press retailers to pull such merchandise from their stores "until Black Lines Matter makes statements that they do not approve of violence". Walmart said in a statement on Tuesday that it decided to pull the "bulletproof" merchandise from online sale after "hearing concerns from customers". However, it noted that, like other online retailers, it will continue selling items offered by third parties that include slogans such as Blue Lives Matter, Black Lives Matter and All Lives Matter. Old Glory Merchandise, the third-party vendor selling the "bulletproof" shirts, has also decided to remove the shirt from its own site as well. "It wasn't a big seller," Old Glory owner Glenn Morelli told CNN. "The Blue Lives Matter sells more than the Black Lives Matter or bulletproof shirts combined. "We don't like to offend anybody. When you sell that many, you have to sell all different kinds of shirts. It's hard to make everybody happy." More from IBTimes UK: New York firefighter 'set fire to own home in attempt to frame Black Lives Matter' US Justice Department to collect data on police 'use of force' following high-profile shootings How US police used Facebook, Twitter and Instagram to spy on 'activists of colour' Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Samsung QLED TV series unveiled at CES 2017 Columnists Ella Whelan “The Women's March on Washington is a pointless protest for middle-class feminists READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... UK video game deals: The Last Guardian, Dishonored 2, Call of Duty, Xbox One bundle and more Your round-up of the week's best gaming deals and discounts. Is this 'leaked' Samsung Galaxy S8 photo actually a fake? Concept renders shared on Weibo are the work of a graphic artist. QLED vs OLED: What's the difference? A brief guide to the latest TV tech OLED and QLED may be similar in principal, but are in fact completely... D-Link routers and IoT cameras could give hackers easy access to 'live video and audio' FTC said D-Link failed to live up to its advertising which promised... Dakar Rally 2017: Spectacular photos of the world's most gruelling motorsport event Photographers are following the action, taking spectacular photos in... Apple's first retail store in South Korea will open in Samsung's back garden Cupertino giant brings iPhones, MacBooks and more to 'Samsung City'. CES 2017: Dell launches XPS 13 convertible model, Dell Canvas, 8K monitor, Latitude 7285 and more The company has also updated the XPS 15 with improved performance. Former Snapchat employee accuses company of inflating growth figures ahead of IPO Snap Inc rejects the claims and says the lawsuit is entirely without... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Apple's App Store Earned $8.6 Billion Last Year New Year's was its busiest single day ever Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 30 Legitimate Ways to Make Some Quick Cash This Year Get some extra cash in your wallet My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Home > Stock Market News Today's Stock Market News & Analysis The Market's Shift in Focus Makes A Correction Look Likely By Martin Tillier Traders and investors have shifted their gaze from the future to the current state of the market. Apple's App Store Sales Exploded in 2016 By Richard Saintvilus Consumers spent major cash on the App Store in 2016, boding well for this year. What to Watch When Netflix Reports Earnings By Motley Fool The fourth quarter tends to be an important one for Netflix. Can 2017 Be a Year of Nasdaq ETFs? By Zacks.com A look at which ETFs are poised to capitalize this year. Latest News Videos Pipeline Debt Rolls On for Canada E... Pipeline Debt Rolls On for Canada E... Will Connected Health Save the Heal... Canada Rules Out Arctic Oil Drillin... Latest News Will Comcast Dethrone Walt Disney as Box Office King in 2017? 01/06/2017 8:00 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks How to Sign Up for a TradeStation Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide 01/06/2017 7:21 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks A New Year, Possible New Directions For The Energy Recap 01/06/2017 7:09 PM - SeekingAlpha Appears In: Stocks 2 Numbers PayPal Investors Should Watch 01/06/2017 7:07 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks How Much Social Security Tax Do I Pay? 01/06/2017 7:04 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Momenta (MNTA) to Receive $50M Under CSL Collaboration 01/06/2017 6:44 PM - Zacks.com Appears In: Stocks Why Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Sears Holdings, and Shake Shack Slumped Today 01/06/2017 6:41 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Why Microchip Is a Better Semiconductor Stock than Monolithic 01/06/2017 6:40 PM - Zacks.com Appears In: Stocks Will AMD's Vega Pose a Threat to NVIDIA's GPU Dominance? 01/06/2017 6:37 PM - Zacks.com Appears In: Stocks Why Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Shares Shot 17% Higher Today 01/06/2017 6:27 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Highlights From CES 2017: Driverless Cars, ESports, and IoT Connectivity 01/06/2017 6:11 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Why Pacira Pharmaceuticals, W&T Offshore, and Helen of Troy Jumped Today 01/06/2017 6:08 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Strong December Pushes Ford Motor Co. to a Record Year in China 01/06/2017 6:08 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks What Drove SeaWorld Entertainment, Inc. Stock Higher in December 01/06/2017 6:01 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Getting a Handle on Dow ETFs as DJIA Eyes 20,000 01/06/2017 5:50 PM - Tom Lydon Appears In: ETFs This Week in Solar 01/06/2017 5:42 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks AIG Unit Receives Moody's Rating Action Following Spin-Off 01/06/2017 5:41 PM - Zacks.com Appears In: Stocks US IPO Weekly Recap: 2017 kicks off with a $1 billion IPO filing 01/06/2017 5:21 PM - Renaissance Capital Appears In: IPOs Highlights From the Exclusive Motley Fool ONE Event in Boston 01/06/2017 5:17 PM - Motley Fool Appears In: Stocks Vale's (VALE) Stock Looks Promising on Growth Initiatives 01/06/2017 5:11 PM - Zacks.com Appears In: Stocks View More Headlines Browse News by Category ETFs Getting a Handle on Dow ETFs as DJIA Eyes 20,000 Schwab OneSource: Most Extensive Line of Commission-Free ETFs Emerging Bond ETFs Could Offer Opportunities in New Year More ETFs Technology Apple's App Store Sales Exploded in 2016 Blockchain For Beginners Apple, Alphabet, Amazon, Microsoft: Who Takes the Crown in 2017? More Technology Commodities Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross - CMS Technology Sector Update for 01/06/2017: NXPI,SIMO,COYN Consumer Sector Update for 01/06/2017: FRSH,GPS,RT More Commodities Investing ideas Depomed Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for DEPO Churchill Downs is Now Oversold (CHDN) How Have Equity Underwriting Deals Closed By European Investment... More Investing ideas Today's Market Activity NASDAQ 5521.06 33.12  ▲  0.60% DJIA 19963.80 64.51  ▲  0.32% S&P 500 2276.98 7.98  ▲  0.35% Data as of Jan 6, 2017 Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform View All Market Intelligence Stay ahead of the markets with these must-read articles Amazon Just Showed All The Tech Giants The Right Way To Build A TV Chris Ciaccia Blockchain Promises Accountants, Auditors and Their Clients Better Data Sooner And Cheaper Bitcoin Magazine What Is The Cloud And How Are Companies Making Money With It? Prableen Bajpai Compare Rates Mortgages Autos CDs Loan Type Rate Change APR 30 yr fixed mtg 3.99% ▼ 4.10% 15 yr fixed mtg 3.16% ▼ 3.35% 30 yr FHA mtg 3.67% ▼ 3.74% 5/1 ARM 3.29% ▼ 6.07% View rates in your area   Search   Overnight Avg Rate Latest Change 48 month new car loan 2.98% ▼ 36 month new car loan 2.81% ▼ 60 month new car loan 3.03% ▼ 36 month used car loan 3.21% ▼ 72 month new car loan 3.33% - View rates in your area   Search   Overnight Avg Rate Latest Change APY 3 month CD 0.39% - 6 month CD 0.77% ▲ 1 yr CD 1.18% ▲ 5 yr CD 1.80% ▲ 1 yr jumbo CD 0.94% ▲ View more rates   Search   Rate Data Provided by Bankrate.com Latest Articles by Martin Tillier Martin Tiller's new must-read column on the markets Enlightening. Entertaining. Every day. Only at NASDAQ.com. The Market's Shift in Focus Makes A Correction Look Likely 01/06/2017 9:24 AM Two Cyber Security Stock Picks For 2017 01/05/2017 10:23 AM Experience Suggests a Good Q4 for Apple (AAPL) 01/04/2017 10:08 AM New Year's Resolutions for Investors 01/03/2017 11:32 AM Investing Themes For 2017 12/21/2016 8:23 AM More Martin Tillier NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Home Blogs & Comment There are big opportunities in the new age of corporate social responsibility There are big opportunities in the new age of corporate social responsibility Overwhelmed consumers are looking to outsource their consciences to the companies they buy from. But it requires a deeper kind of trust Dec 12, 2016 Bruce Philp   1 (Chris Hondros/Getty) I’ve never really been a fan of Walmart. I lack the direct experience with the world’s largest retailer to fairly say I don’t like it, but still—a company that has both a taste for hegemony and a reputation (fair or not) for driving profit out of supply chains is something any marketer should be wary of. Walmart is big enough to make the rules for a lot of us. We can admire that, but it’s an uncomfortable feeling (or should be). Even those consumers trundling home in their bargain-stuffed minivans must know, on some level, that all those saved pennies might come at a cost, though Walmart’s results suggest such worries aren’t keeping them up at night. Canada's Best Brands 2017: The Top 25 But the midnight oil has been burning in Walmart’s hometown of Bentonville, Ark., or so it seemed in November, when the company’s CEO, Doug McMillon, announced a startlingly ambitious “road map that will guide the company’s role in society.” With the scope and reach of a political platform, the company publicly declared goals for itself on practically every major social issue it touches, from local sourcing and carbon emissions to ethical recruiting and the treatment of workers in its suppliers’ factories. The social good of all this work justifies itself, if the company pulls it off. But for marketers, this was the money line: Walmart wants to succeed “not just by delivering affordable goods…but [also] with trust-building transparency and actions.” Note the absence of the standard “giving back” rhetoric. This is about being competitive. When a company so dominant draws such a crucial connection between trust and viability, the rest of us ought to pay attention. Much of marketing in recent years has been conducted behind the convenient assumption that the consumer was self-interested, ruthlessly pragmatic and empowered by technology. We imagined that as long as we gave people the best product and the best deal, and were the cleverest about getting our message to them, the marketplace would be its own conscience. But when a company like Walmart takes a public stance this big, you have to believe that assumption, if it were ever true, isn’t anymore. For marketers, the key to making any sense of this lies in understanding what the word “trust” really means today. The way it’s generally employed in social and political discourse, you’d be forgiven for thinking trust is all about credibility and honesty; there’s no question those things ought to be table stakes for doing business, now or ever. But increasingly, trust is providing consumers a functional benefit that we’ve never seen before: It allows people to use brands as surrogates for their own values. Now, trusting a company doesn’t just mean you believe it will never lie to you; it also means you think it believes what you believe and will do what you would do if you could. Forget followers: not every company needs to be on social media We should have seen this coming. Pundits have asserted for years that consumers are becoming ever more moralistic in their attitudes toward the things they buy. Though it’s still rarely in evidence at the cash register, most consumers today at least claim to want their purchase decisions to be principled—to not just get the most for their money but to do the least harm to themselves and the world in the process. The problem is that desire has translated into an almost unbearable chore in their already complicated, information-saturated lives, and nobody tolerates cognitive dissonance for long. So, in the brilliant way free markets have of dealing with these things, shoppers are simply uploading their consciences to the companies they buy from. Consumers themselves will vigorously deny such foolishness, of course, but don’t believe it. After all, they’ve always insisted advertising doesn’t work, either. Promising to do the worrying on your customers’ behalf might just become a new competitive edge, and Walmart thinks being an aggressive early adopter will extend its retail dominance. That means principles are no longer fripperies that only organic granola or natural shampoo companies bother with. It might even mean that, at last, doing good really is the way to do well. Four ways CEOs can win back the public's trust MORE ABOUT CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY & MARKETING: Canada’s Best Brands 2017: The Top 25 Marketers need to understand that not all millennials are created equal Forget followers: not every company needs to be on social media How small businesses can do branding like the big guys The Fort McMurray fires brought out the best in corporate Canada Four ways CEOs can win back the public’s trust Sometimes, good deeds are great business Jane Goodall on how to get people to hear your message Four ways to make corporate social responsibility more effective Like Us Follow @cdnbiz Subscribe with Texture shares Share: Facebook Email Twitter LinkedIn Advertisement Advertisement    Show comments Hide comments (1) One comment on “There are big opportunities in the new age of corporate social responsibility” Hello, admin, how are you? I work for Model Citizen App, we based in Australia. We recognize amateur and professional fashion talents, brands and creatives. We would like to invite anyone who needs exposure in the industry to be published in our Magazine, app and blog. You will have your own domain name. Hope you approve this message admin and have a wonderful and blessed day. http://www.modelcitizenapp.com/yourfolios Reply ↓ Tommie Allbee on January 2, 2017 at 1:05 am Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Is Walmart open today? On Christmas Eve? Christmas Day? What are holiday hours for Walmart? WalMart in under 3 minutes Print Email Paul Milo | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Paul Milo | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author on December 24, 2016 at 6:11 AM, updated December 24, 2016 at 6:12 AM comments Is Walmart open today? What are the hours over the Christmas weekend? Those are simple questions with not-so-simple answers because Walmart, the world's largest retailer, has made some changes to its Christmas hours.  First, if you need help finding the Walmart nearest you, use the Walmart store locator. As for the 2016 holiday hours at Walmart: Christmas Eve, Saturday, Dec. 24: Unlike past years, Walmart will close at the same time -- 6 p.m. -- as many other large retailers. Judith McKenna, Walmart's chief operating officer in the U.S. explained the change away from 8 p.m. --  a two-hour earlier closing -- was important so employees can get home to spend time with their families ahead of the holiday. Christmas Day, Sunday, Dec. 25: Walmart stores are closed one day every year -- and that's Christmas Day, so walmart.com is the best we can offer. If you need a fix, there are sure to be plenty of sales and specials online. Day After Christmas, Monday, Dec. 26 (federal holiday): Monday is a federal holiday, meaning local, state and federal government offices, post offices, schools and most banks will be closed. What's does the mean for most of you? A lot of people with a lot of time to go bargain hunting. So most Walmart stores will be open for business bright and early, at 7 a.m. As with past years, you can expect the usual mind-boggling deals on seasonal and holiday supplies, cards and those ugly sweaters. Electronics tend to be another area where there are deals to be had at Walmart -- especially for all you shoppers with a little extra Christmas cash burning a red-hot hole in your pockets. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. Flu slams parts of New Jersey 7 N.J. hospitals cited as tops in the nation for safe, quality care Why STDs are up in N.J., a ranking of all 21 counties MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Computers Big Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Discounts This Christmas By Shruthi PK Posted on December 24, 2016 Big Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Discounts This Christmas Share Tweet Share Share Email The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is spotted with a discount on multiple sites. This Christmas offer on the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is attracting more and more customers. Now, Microsoft Surface Pro fans can buy the Surface Pro 4 i5 256GB/8GB version for $1,199 from the Microsoft Store. It means a $229 less than the original price tag. A black type cover bundle is free with the Surface Pro 4. The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 i5 256GB variant has a 12.3-inch PixelSense touch screen display, TPM chip for enterprise security, full-size USB 3.0, microSD card reader, headset jack, mini DisplayPort and cover port. Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Microsoft is also giving out a Surface Pen along with the Surface Pro 4. ?Easily organize your ideas with Surface Pen and Windows Ink. Now you can quickly turn your thoughts into action in Windows Ink workspace. You?re just a click away from the best inking features on your Surface, like sticky notes, a blank page for sketching, or a quick screenshot you can mark-up and share,? according to Microsoft?s official description of the Surface Pen. Read Also: Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Update, Specs: Surface Pro 5 to Come with 512GB Storage Walmart?s Exclusive Deals on Surface Pro 4 Walmart is also having an exciting discount sale. It is selling the Surface Pro 4 and the Surface 3 with a price cut of $280 and $931, respectively. Now, the Surface Pro 4 with an Intel Core i5 processor, 4GB of RAM, 128GB of native storage and Windows 10 Pro on board is available for only $749. The same device had the price tag of $999 previously. The Surface Pro 4 with the same Intel Core i5 processor and Windows 10 Pro OS, 8GB of RAM and 256GB of internal storage space has the price tag of $1,019.95 at Walmart, according to Tech Times. Read Also: Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release in January or February? Amazon is selling the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 256GB, 8GB RAM, Intel Core i5 version for $1,007. Only a limited number of units are available. The buyer will also get a free delivery. Read Also: Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release Soon As Surface Pro 4 Receives Massive Discounts In ?12 Days Of Deals Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release In the year 2017, Microsoft is likely to release its much awaited Microsoft Surface Pro 5. There will be three variants of the device. The first variant of the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 lineup will have a price tag of $899. So far, Microsoft has not released any details about the Surface Pro 5. Keep visiting TheBitBag for more updates. Related Items:Microsoft Surface Pro 4, Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Deals, microsoft surface pro 4 features, Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Sales Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Launch Is Near As The Current Models Spotted With Discount Apple MacBook Pro 2016 Review: Laptop Causing Disappointments To Owners? Many Shift To Microsoft? Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Launch Is Near As Surface Pro 4 Spotted With Discounts About the author Shruthi PK Passionate about films, the first day first show!!! She loves keeping herself updated with Hollywood. iPhone and MacBook are her best buddies. She also analyses the gadgets of all top brands! Post navigation Samsung To Invest Heavily On Galaxy S8 Features To Overcome Note 7 Controversy Samsung Galaxy S8 Features May Include Apple Airpods-Like Wireless Earbuds IconX Featured Gravity Rush 2 Powers: Kat Throwing Water Bubbles Excites Fans League Of Legends Warwick Rework: Singed Turns Champion Into Fantasy Wolverine Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack DLC: New Moves We Can Expect It’s been said many times: the WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack is highly anticipated... Gears Of War 4 Update: Quitting Penalties, Bans, And More Coming In ‘Season 2’ Recently, the next Gears of War 4 update was confirmed on its official forums.... Final Fantasy 15 DLC: Episode Prompto Play Area Possibly The Whole Niflheim Map In Final Fantasy 15, each of Noctis’ friends has a DLC that focuses more... Mass Effect Andromeda Combat Mechanics: Everything We Know So Far Bioware’s Mass Effect Andromeda is shaping to be one of the most anticipated titles... Mass Effect Andromeda CES 2017 Gameplay Trailer Worries Fans Mass Effect Andromeda just debuted a new gameplay trailer during the Consumer Electronics Show... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS Editors Pick EA mobile gaming facebook playstation 4 pokemon sun and moon fallout 4 featured Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games Blizzard NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts USA Financial Portformulas Corp Has $3,905,000 Position in Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Stake Boosted by State of Tennessee Treasury Department Bokf Na Has $3,917,000 Stake in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Northpointe Capital LLC Increases Stake in Old Republic International Corporation (ORI) Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX) is University of Notre Dame DU Lac’s 6th Largest Position Prudential Financial Inc. Cuts Stake in Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) NutriSystem Inc (NTRI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. Silver Wheaton Corp (SLW) Shares Sold by James Investment Research Inc. American States Water Company (AWR) Director Lloyd E. Ross Sells 1,100 Shares K. Phil Yoo Sells 2,000 Shares of Antero Resources Corporation (AR) Stock Century Bancorp, Inc. (CNBKA) Major Shareholder James J. Filler Buys 806 Shares Loeb Partners Corp Lowers Stake in Time Warner Inc. (TWX) Bokf Na Buys 301 Shares of Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Shares Bought by Bokf Na Laurion Capital Management LP Has $4,407,000 Stake in Calpine Corporation (CPN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Acquires 53,294 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (EGRX) Trading Down 8.6% on Insider Selling Jack In The Box Inc. (JACK) Director David Goebel Sells 1,376 Shares Cardtronics PLC (CATM) CEO Steven A. Rathgaber Sells 6,000 Shares 50,000 Shares in Workday, Inc. (WDAY) Acquired by Espalier Global Management LLC Pzena Investment Management LLC Cuts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Posted by William Strong on Dec 24th, 2016 // No Comments Tweet Pzena Investment Management LLC cut its stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 2.8% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 5,216,832 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 152,082 shares during the period. Wal-Mart Stores makes up about 2.3% of Pzena Investment Management LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 10th largest position. Pzena Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $376,238,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in WMT. Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 4.9% in the second quarter. Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt now owns 228,066 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $16,653,000 after buying an additional 10,700 shares during the last quarter. Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 10.4% in the second quarter. Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank now owns 3,975 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $291,000 after buying an additional 375 shares during the last quarter. Visionary Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 5.6% in the second quarter. Visionary Asset Management Inc. now owns 38,029 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $2,780,000 after buying an additional 2,030 shares during the last quarter. Davis R M Inc. acquired a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at about $207,000. Finally, Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 3.4% in the second quarter. Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL now owns 118,383 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $8,644,000 after buying an additional 3,877 shares during the last quarter. 28.80% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) opened at 69.54 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $70.62 and its 200-day moving average price is $71.48. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a one year low of $60.20 and a one year high of $75.19. The firm has a market cap of $213.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.08 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $118.69 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.03 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2016/12/24/pzena-investment-management-llc-cuts-stake-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several research analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Vetr cut Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $70.46 price target for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, September 6th. Credit Suisse Group AG began coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 16th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $80.00 target price for the company. Buckingham Research set a $70.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, September 28th. Barclays PLC raised Wal-Mart Stores from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their target price for the company from $70.00 to $87.00 in a research note on Thursday, September 22nd. Finally, Citigroup Inc. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Monday, October 3rd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $75.09. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 51.55% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Worthington Industries Inc. (WOR) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Next » Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Accenture PLC Increased by Wedbush (ACN) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Share 36 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Opinion 2017-01-06 Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Opinion 2017-01-06 Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Opinion 2017-01-06 A Mom Sent Another Mom A Bill For $400 After Her Daughter’s Shoes Got Scuffed Up On Playdate Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE WrestleMania 33 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Technology 2017-01-06 As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Christmas Eve Hours For Walmart, Target, Kohl’s, Best Buy And Other Stores Open Late Shopping 36 0 0 December 24, 2016 Christmas Eve Hours For Walmart, Target, Kohl’s, Best Buy And Other Stores Open Late Zachary Volkert The time has come to hunt down the stores with Christmas Eve hours open late enough for you to get those last minute ingredients and gifts, even as your options have grown relatively thin as December 24 (and 25) have inched closer. Thankfully, the traditions of American consumerism and procrastination will be held high this year, as usual, for a large number of chain retailers, including Walmart, Target, Best Buy and Kohl’s — all of which will remain open until at least 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve, though none of which will be open on December 25 itself. Kohl’s will be polishing off a 107-hour 24/7 marathon that kicked off on Tuesday, something that was par for the course for many Walmart stores until 2015 — when the massive retailer began shuttering down its “always open” status to just a few select cities. Since then, the world’s largest department store has slimmed down its holiday schedule. It now powers down the registers hours before its main competitors Target and Kmart. Walmart has actually dialed back on their Christmas Eve hours this year, perhaps in line with the company’s other strategy of eliminating many of their 24/7 services year round. [Image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images] Walmart Chief Coordinating Officer Judith McKenna released a video statement saying that the company’s famous “roll back” was hitting its hours of service out of respect for its employees. “Our associates work hard all year to make this holiday season special for our customers, and we appreciate what they do every day. We also know that getting home on Christmas Eve to spend time with families is important. That’s why this year we’ll be closing at 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve.” Still, if you’re not a fan of any of these major stores, there will be plenty of smaller chains open on Christmas Eve. Trader Joe’s, Publix and Wegmans — the current top 3 rated grocery stores in the nation — will be open until at least 6 p.m. as well. Christmas Eve Store Hours Albertsons – 9 p.m. Aldi – 4 p.m. Apple Store – 6 p.m. Barnes and Noble – 6 p.m. Bed, Bath & Beyond – 6 p.m. Best Buy – 6 p.m. Big Lots – 10 p.m. Costco – 5 p.m. Dollar Tree – 7 p.m. Dillard’s – 6 p.m. Giant-Landover – 7 p.m. Giant-Carlisle – 6 p.m. H-E-B – 8 p.m. Kmart – 10 p.m. Kohl’s – 6 p.m. Lowe’s – 6 p.m. Macy’s – 6 p.m. Meijer – 7 p.m. Old Navy – 7 p.m. Publix – 7 p.m. REI – 9 p.m. Rite-Aid – 7 p.m. Safeway – 8 p.m. Target – 10 p.m. Toys R Us – 9 p.m. Trader Joe’s – 6 p.m. Walmart – 6 p.m. Wegmans – 6 p.m. Whole Foods – 8 p.m. Don’t want to spend your Christmas Eve hours in Walmart? Trader Joe’s, Publix, Wegmans and dozens of other grocery stores should also be open late — or at least until dinner time — depending on your zip code. [Image via Michael Nagle/Getty Images] It’s also important to note that Christmas Eve does fall on a Saturday this year. While the majority of retailers will be open, places like your local post office are worth giving call to make sure that they will still be making themselves available for your needs. Christmas Eve hours remain a source of contention year after year as consumers demand more time to get their holiday shopping done and employees fight to get time at home with their families. Some stores even brave the bad PR to open on Christmas Day itself, among them Starbucks, as well as a host of major pharmacies like CVS, Rite Aid and Walgreen’s. For groceries, Safeway and Albertsons will have a few locations open across the country. Inquisitr also, of course, strongly recommends calling your location to assure that Christmas Eve hours are the same for the stores open late in your area, though you are pretty safe with major nationwide spots like Walmart, Target, Kohl’s and Best Buy. [Featured Image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images] Now Read This: South Carolina State Troopers Will No Longer Give A Book Containing Bible Verses To Grieving Families Because An Atheist Complained Share 36 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Zachary Volkert Tags: best buy, christmas eve, Christmas Eve hours, Kohl's July 31, 2016 Pokemon Go: Olympic Athletes, Fans Urge Nintendo To Release App In Brazil For Summer Games July 31, 2016 The Rolling Stones Cuban Concert Film ‘Havana Moon’ Gets September Release View full timeline 40 mins ago Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy 2 days ago Police: Ohio Man Squirted Semen On Women At Walmart Comments LATEST HEADLINES Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE WrestleMania 33 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Ciara Drops $15 Million Defamation Lawsuit Against Future Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Seattle Mariners Trades: New Starting Pitcher, Outfielder Acquired By Jerry Dipoto Chicago Race Torture Victim Says Attacker Jordan Hill ‘Was My Friend’ Before Facebook Live Assault Kendall Jenner Opens Up About Anxiety After Kim Kardashian’s Robbery Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly Talks About Russian Interference A Mom Sent Another Mom A Bill For $400 After Her Daughter’s Shoes Got Scuffed Up On Playdate Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.5k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 12 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Skip to content Publications Itawamba Times MS Business Journal Oxford Citizen Monroe Journal Pontotoc Progress Southern Sentinel Chickasaw Journal New Albany Gazette Southern Advocate E-editions Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Bridal View Announcements Submit an Announcement Daily Journal About Us Contact Us RC VOTE Business Directory Buy Photos Advertise News Northeast Mississippi winter weather updates, closings VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 6, 2017 St. Luke, Joyner team up to improve reading More In News Northeast Mississippi winter weather updates, closings VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 6, 2017 St. Luke, Joyner team up to improve reading Details still pending on MAEP rewrite Arkansas retailer wins market buyer award View all posts in News Sports View all posts in Sports College Mississippi State Ole Miss Others More In Sports Community College High School Outdoors Professional Okorie dokey: Bulldogs pick up SEC road win Featured Post office: Local quartet delivers in the paint BY GENE PHELPS DAILY JOURNAL Four of the state’s better girls high school post players make a living in Northeast Mississippi. Belmont coach Chris... Business Arkansas retailer wins market buyer award More than furniture: Gifts and accessories are playing a bigger role at market Tupelo sticks with Waste Management for two more years More In Business Arkansas retailer wins market buyer award More than furniture: Gifts and accessories are playing a bigger role at market Tupelo sticks with Waste Management for two more years Winter market returns: Expectations raised for 60th Tupelo Furniture Market DENNIS SEID: New year brings new ideas, hope View all posts in Business Lifestyle Resolution rescue: Build better habits for 2017 by building smart goals Willis earns national nursing honor MORA unveils clinical addition in Flowood More In Lifestyle Resolution rescue: Build better habits for 2017 by building smart goals Willis earns national nursing honor MORA unveils clinical addition in Flowood Rehab Institute seeks equipment for donation Health lines: Vascular surgeons treat Peripheral Artery Disease View all posts in Lifestyle Opinion OUR OPINION: Valuable teaching program receives extension W. DEREK RUSSELL: When the internet betrays you ERROL CASTENS: How to treat a grieving person (a starter) More In Opinion OUR OPINION: Valuable teaching program receives extension W. DEREK RUSSELL: When the internet betrays you ERROL CASTENS: How to treat a grieving person (a starter) LETTER TO THE EDITOR: No one should be punished for standing up for the truth OUR OPINION: New jail discussions need backing of research soon View all posts in Opinion Records Obituaries View latest Obituaries View archived Obituaries Blogs Biz Buzz Sears in Tupelo survives latest round of closings Inside MSU Sports Inside MSU Sports is moving Inside Ole Miss Sports Alabama 48, Ole Miss 43: Freeze likes the effort, not the mistakes Mighty Daily Journal An antidote to this age of distraction Education Matters Tupelo School Board 06.09.15 Subscriptions Begin a Subscription Print and Digital Options Request Two-week Free Trial Other Weekly Newspapers Q&A About Our Paid Content Manage Your Subscription Renew Your Subscription Request Temporary Stop Report Delivery Error Rate Your Delivery Service Videos VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 6, 2017 VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 5, 2017 Bulldogs face first SEC road test at Arkansas VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 4, 2017 VIDEO: Rick Murphy on The Memo podcast VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 3, 2017 Podcasts The Memo Double Coverage Prep Rally News » Year in review 2016: Hancock liquidation top business story of the year Year in review 2016: Hancock liquidation top business story of the year Posted on December 24, 2016 by Dennis Seid in Business, News Adam Robison | Buy at photos.djournal.com Hancock Fabrics, which was founded in Tupelo in 1957, filed for Chapter 11 for the second time in February. In March, it announced it would liquidate its remaining assets. By July 31, its remaining stores had closed. By Dennis Seid Daily Journal TUPELO – The biggest business story of 2016 was the unfortunate demise of one of its oldest companies. After nearly 60 years in business, Hancock Fabrics was forced to liquidate. On Feb. 2, the company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. It was the company’s second time in less than a decade to file for Chapter 11. After filing in 2007, it emerged a year later. The company haD been unable to sustain any kind of profitability, however, having only been in the black once, in fiscal year 2009. In its Feb. 2 filing, the company had said it would close 70 of its 260 remaining stores, but by March it had moved to liquidate after unsuccessful efforts to find a bidder for its remaining assets that was willing to keep the business going. Thomas Wells | Buy at photos.djournal.com Hancock Fabrics’ flagship store in Tupelo was among the first 70 stores that closed in the company’s February Chapter 11 filing. In late March, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware approved the sale of the stores to Great American Group, which had offered about $65 million for the company’s assets. The remaining 185 stores of Hancock Fabrics were closed by July 31, bringing an end to the fabrics and crafts retailer that was founded in Tupelo in 1957. Prior to its Chapter 11 filing in February, Hancock employed about 4,500 people at its stores. In August, retailer Michaels received approval for its purchase of Hancock Fabrics’ intellectual property assets for $1.325 million. IP assets include anything of value including the name, brands, trademarks, domain names and patents. It also includes customer information. Michaels, based in Irving, Texas, operates nearly 1,300 stores as of January 2015. It owns the Hancock Fabrics website, which, while currently inactive, says “Coming Soon … our new online store is under construction and will launch soon.” Meanwhile, a handful of executives continue to wind down the operations of Hancock, which earlier this month filed a joint Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation and Disclosure Statement. According to the statement, holders of administrative and other priority claims, as well as holders of priority tax claims will be paid full in cash. Other secured creditors will receive cash, collateral and/or combinations thereof. Holders of interests and securities subordinated claims will receive nothing. Other notable business stories in Northeast Mississippi during 2016: JANUARY • Kroger completed a multi-million-dollar renovation of its store on West Main Street. The remodeling began on the 64,000-square-foot store in June. Kroger bought the store for an undisclosed sum in 2001 from Albertson’s, which opened the store in April 2000. It reopened as a Kroger in February 2002. Some minor revisions have been done, but this was the first major renovation. A construction permit filed with the city’s Development Services valued the work at more than $2.4 million. • BancorpSouth said in an SEC filing it would pay $24 million to settle a lawsuit related to how it determines overdraft fees on debit card and ATM transactions. The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Florida in May 2010 by an Arkansas customer of the bank, challenged the way BancorpSouth posted the order of debit card and ATM transitions. The suit said that BancorpSouth posted the transactions from higher amounts to lower amounts, rather than chronological order. BancorpSouth said it viewed the settlement as a compromise and a way to avoid additional legal expenses. It also said the settlement is “not in any way an admission of liability, fault or wrongdoing by the bank.” Settlement checks were issued in October. • Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said it would close 269 stores in the U.S. and globally. That included the closing of 102 smaller-format Walmart Express locations. The company’s Walmart Express stores in Belmont, Derma, Mantachie, Nettleton and Walnut were closed by the end of the month. FEBRUARY • Pontotoc-based upholstered living room furniture manufacturer Delta Furniture Manufacturing announced it was expanding into New Houlka in Chickasaw County and adding 100 jobs. The company moved into the former Astrolounger facility that covers 80,000 square feet. • Corinthian Furniture said it was consolidating its operations, moving all production to its Corinth plant. The move meant the closing of its Booneville plant, which it opened in 2002. Many of the 164 workers in Booneville were offered jobs in Corinth. MARCH • The Tupelo area was named the No. 4 most active micropolitan for new and existing industries for 2015 by Site Selection magazine. The award was the seventh time in 10 years Tupelo was listed. The U.S. Census Bureau lists 575 micropolitans – an urban area with a population of at least 10,000 but less than 50,000 – in the country. In 2015, Tupelo and Lee County announced 13 new or expanding industries, leading to 1,355 potential jobs, $42 million in capital investment and $40 million in payroll. That’s the best showing since 2007. • Comfort Revolution, which makes high-end sleep products for companies like Sealy, said it would add 50 jobs and invest $1.5 million by expanding operations at its location in Belmont. Comfort Revolution moved into the former Schnadig plant in Belmont and began production in mid-2013. The facility covers 432,000 square feet and is also a distribution center for the company. APRIL • After more than a five-month hiatus, commercial air service returned to Tupelo, as Contour Airlines began service between the All-America City and Nashville. The nine-passenger, twin-engine Jetstream 31 planes used by Contour are converted 19-seat aircraft, giving passengers plenty of room to stretch. Contour is being paid a subsidy of more than $4.2 million a year for two years through the Federal Essential Air Service program. Contour schedules 30-round-trip flights weekly between Tupelo and Nashville. Through the end of November, Contour recorded 5,254 boardings, the most since 2013. • Renasant Corp. completed its acquisition of Georgia-based KeyWorth Bank for $59 million in stock. The merger bulks up the presence of Renasant in Atlanta’s northern suburbs, adding six locations. Renasant has been gobbling up other banks, acquiring seven in the last 11 years. It was Renasant’s second acquisition in the Peach State within a year. Last July, Renasant completed a merger with Heritage Financial Group of Albany, Georgia, in a merger valued at more than $250 million. That transaction brought in 36 locations in Alabama, Georgia and Florida. • An economic downturn in mining equipment and heavy machinery equipment overall led to the loss of 240 jobs in Oxford. Caterpillar said it would shut down five facilities, including the one located in Oxford’s Max Hipp Industrial Park. About 820 jobs across two divisions and five states are affected. MAY • Officials from Insitu, Mississippi State University and Mississippi Development Authority participated in a ceremonial lease signing to mark the opening of Insitu’s new facility at MSU in Starkville. The partnership between the company and the Federal Aviation Administration’s Center of Excellence for Unmanned Aircraft Systems at MSU will create 25 jobs. At MSU, Insitu will support a combination of engineering, software development and business development/customer service support functions. • Babcock & Wilcox, a staple in West Point since 1952 and once one of the city’s largest employers, ended production at its plant. About 165 production workers were affected by the move, which was initially discussed last fall. About 30 sales jobs remain for sales and service. Production of boilers and other and related products were shifted to Monterrey, Mexico. • Officials from industrial general contractor BMSI Inc. announced the company was adding 100 jobs and investing $6 million in new manufacturing operations in Burnsville. BMSI will locate in an existing 20,000-square-foot spec building at Yellow Creek Port South, with plans to expand it to 30,000 square feet. The Burnsville facility will feature a state-of-the-art fabrication shop used to manufacture specialty products for the Department of Defense and commercial restaurant equipment. BMSI will also offer plant support for maintenance, structural welding/fabrication and process piping. JUNE • The Department of Justice and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau fined Tupelo-based BancorpSouth $10.6 million, alleging the bank deliberately discriminated against minorities in its lending practices. Justice and CFPB said BancorpSouth deliberately avoided building branches in minority neighborhoods in Memphis, Tennessee from at least 2011 to 2013. The bank also denied loans to African Americans and other minorities when compared to neighborhoods with smaller minority populations, the Justice Department and CFPB said, and those minorities who were given loans were given higher interest rates when compared to non-minorities. In a statement, BancorpSouth said the bank had already addressed the discriminatory practices and recently hired an executive to do outreach in minority and other neighborhoods. A new director of community lending was hired, and a chief fair lending officer was named to oversee its fair lending program. JULY • AIA Countertops, a division of Patrick Industries, began hiring 60 workers for its new plant in the Harry A. Martin North Lee Industrial Complex in Baldwyn. The company, whose business is primarily related to the RV industry, is investing $600,000 in a 110,000-square-foot building that was previously occupied by Fairfield Distribution. • Leggett & Platt, a manufacturer of products for a diverse group of industries including furniture, announced it was expanding operations in Tupelo by investing $967,000 and creating 25 new jobs. The Carthage, Missouri-based company employs more than 600 in the area. In addition to a number of Tupelo facilities, including Super Sagless and Leggett & Platt plants, L&P has operations in Houston (Houston Foam) and Saltillo (Omega Motion). L&G’s expansion is tied to its new venture in which it will manufacture and distribute products for the mattress industry. AUGUST • The first Walmart Neighborhood Market opened in Northeast Mississippi, on South Gloster Street in Tupelo. The smaller-format store is about a quarter of the size of a traditional Walmart Supercenter. Open 24 hours, the Neighborhood Market employs about 95 full- and part-time employees. Among them are 27 workers who lost their jobs earlier this year when the even-smaller Walmart Express stores were closed in Belmont, Derma, Mantachie, Nettleton and Walnut. • Skyline Steel said it was expanding operations in Iuka, investing $15 million and creating 15 new jobs. Skyline Steel’s Iuka location currently manufactures large diameter spiral-welded pipe for foundations, bridges, wharves, piers and more. The expansion involves the addition of new equipment, enabling the company to produce straight-seam electric resistance welded pipe for the same purposes. • Upholstered furniture manufacturer Southern Motion announced it was investing $20 million and adding 600 jobs over the next five years at its newest facility in Baldwyn. The Pontotoc-based company, which already employs 1,200 at its main campus in Pontotoc and another 250 at a separate Baldwyn site, said it would be putting in 12 production lines in its latest addition. Southern Motion purchased the former distribution center, warehouse and headquarters for Hancock Fabrics. The furniture manufacturer offered $9.3 million for the property, which includes about 64.5 acres of land; a 650,000 square-foot warehouse and distribution facility; a 28,000 square-foot manufacturing facility and an 80,000-square-foot headquarters building. Southern Motion is looking to sell or lease the headquarters building. SEPTEMBER • Some former Walmart Express/Neighborhood Market stores bought by Dollar General reopened. The new Dollar General stores in Belmont, Mantachie and Nettleton were among those that opened. Dollar General bought 41 of the former Walmart Express stores in 11 states for an undisclosed sum in July. Included in the purchase were five locations in Miss-issippi: Belmont, Derma, Mantachie, Nettleton and Sardis. Dollar General did not buy the location in Walnut but it does have a store there. The expanded format Dollar General stores offer fresh meat, produce and fuel. The new stores are approximately 12,000 square feet, compared to a traditional Dollar General format that is approximately 9,100 square feet. The new stores each employ about 15 employees. The former Walmart Express in Derma/Calhoun City also opened later in the fall as a Dollar General • Vanelli’s Bistro opened after more than 28 months after the original Vanelli’s closed following the April 2014 tornado. After months of renovation, the restaurant reopened with limited hours and a scaled-down menu. There are plans to expand both as business grows, owner Voz Vanelli said. • BancorpSouth said its proposed mergers with Central Community Corp. and Ouachuita Bancshares Corp. were back on the table, with their merger agreements having been extended until Dec. 31 of next year. In August, BancorpSouth said it was tabling the mergers due to a key downgrade from a federal agency. BancorpSouth announced in January 2014 its intent to acquire Central Community Corp. of Temple, Texas and Ouachita Bancshares Corp. of West Monroe, Louisiana. The merger agreements were valued at a combined $325 million in stock and cash at the time. The mergers have been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of all three companies, and by the shareholders of Central Community Corp. and Ouachita Bancshares Corp. The mergers must still meet regulatory approvals and other closing conditions. OCTOBER • Coca-Cola Tupelo celebrated its 100th anniversary. Coca-Cola was created in 1886, but it took 30 years before Tupelo could lay claim to its own iconic bottling operation, where the public could see the dark, fizzy soda filling glass bottles that sold for a nickel. A century ago, Tupelo Coca-Cola sold 12,000 cases in and around Lee County. This year, it expects to sell some 1.5 million cases. The company, which employs 65 people, distributes about 450 different flavors of soda, waters, teas, iced-coffees and other beverages. • Toyota Mississippi quietly reached a significant landmark: five years of production. There was no big celebration to mark the occasion, however. That will come next year, when Toyota recognizes the 10-year anniversary of its initial announcement that Blue Springs would be the site of its eighth North American manufacturing plant. NOVEMBER • Five months after a fire in June destroyed its production facility in Tupelo in June, Custom Engineered Wheels announced it had found a new home in Baldwyn. In an investment valued at $13 million, the company also will add 20 jobs. The Indiana-based company, which supplies wheels to lawn equipment manufacturer MTD in Verona, had worked out of a 36,000-square-foot building on North Eason Boulevard since 2000 until the fire. Now it will call home a 192,000-square-foot facility once owned by furniture manufacturer Southern Motion, which bought the former Hancock Fabrics facility in the Harry A. Martin North Lee Industrial Park. DECEMBER • After settling differences with Hancock Fabrics over the takeover of its pension plan, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation is assuming responsibility for paying those pension benefits of nearly 4,200 people covered by the Hancock pension plan. Currently, about 2,400 people are receiving benefits from Hancock, and they will get a payment from PBGC for December and January on or about Jan. 2. The agency noted that Hancock Fabrics paid benefits at the end of the month, while PBGC pays at the beginning of the month. This is why retirees are getting back-to-back payments. Going forward, retirees can expect their pension benefits from PBGC at the beginning of the month. Hancock’s pension plan covers 4,149 people, including 2,286 retirees. • After opening its first office in downtown Tupelo last year, BankPlus said plans to add two more offices in 2017. Site work has started on the bank’s second branch at the corner of West Main Street and Cliff Gookin Boulevard. The glass-and-stone building will cover 2,700 square feet and will be open by next summer. In addition, BankPlus is building a third location that will open in the Tupelo Crossroads retail development at the corner of North Gloster Street and West Barnes Crossing Road. It should open in the fourth quarter of next year. BankPlus also is looking to build a larger downtown location. For now, the office on Broadway Street, which opened in 2015, will serve as its downtown location. Click here to leave a comment! Click video to hear audio Post navigation ← DAVE RAMSEY: If you don’t have the money, you can’t afford it Highway patrol faces trooper shortage → Pingback: FAA Daily.com » Year in review 2016: Hancock liquidation top business story of the year() Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest news and updates Browse by Date: Select month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 August 1997 July 1997 June 1997 May 1997 April 1997 March 1997 February 1997 January 1997 December 1996 November 1996 October 1996 September 1996 August 1996 July 1996 June 1996 May 1996 April 1996 March 1996 February 1996 January 1996 Newsmax Polls Do you think more students should be exposed to careers in education to help develop them into teachers? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Top Posts & Pages Daily Journal Northeast Mississippi winter weather updates, closings UPDATE: Two children killed in Wednesday night wreck Many voucher recipients return to public schools Beef roast recipe puts Ripley woman in national spotlight Pontotoc's Carter graduates early for juco ranks THS band marching closer to goal Body found in Dumas identified Post office: Local quartet delivers in the paint Okorie dokey: Bulldogs pick up SEC road win Quick Links Sitemap Advertise Subscriptions Obituaries Contests Place a Classifieds Ad Community Bridal Church Directories Blogs Classifieds Buy Photos NE MS Jobs About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Conversation Guidelines Terms of Service Contact Us Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal 1242 South Green Street Tupelo, MS 38804 (662) 842-2611 info@journalinc.com Copyright © 2016 Journal, Inc. | Director, Architect, Programming: Chris Elkins | Marketing, SEO: Ashley Elkins, Thrive Digital Marketing
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts USA Financial Portformulas Corp Has $3,905,000 Position in Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Stake Boosted by State of Tennessee Treasury Department Bokf Na Has $3,917,000 Stake in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Northpointe Capital LLC Increases Stake in Old Republic International Corporation (ORI) Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX) is University of Notre Dame DU Lac’s 6th Largest Position Prudential Financial Inc. Cuts Stake in Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) NutriSystem Inc (NTRI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. Silver Wheaton Corp (SLW) Shares Sold by James Investment Research Inc. American States Water Company (AWR) Director Lloyd E. Ross Sells 1,100 Shares K. Phil Yoo Sells 2,000 Shares of Antero Resources Corporation (AR) Stock Century Bancorp, Inc. (CNBKA) Major Shareholder James J. Filler Buys 806 Shares Loeb Partners Corp Lowers Stake in Time Warner Inc. (TWX) Bokf Na Buys 301 Shares of Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Shares Bought by Bokf Na Laurion Capital Management LP Has $4,407,000 Stake in Calpine Corporation (CPN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Acquires 53,294 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (EGRX) Trading Down 8.6% on Insider Selling Jack In The Box Inc. (JACK) Director David Goebel Sells 1,376 Shares Cardtronics PLC (CATM) CEO Steven A. Rathgaber Sells 6,000 Shares 50,000 Shares in Workday, Inc. (WDAY) Acquired by Espalier Global Management LLC Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Shares Sold by Westchester Capital Management Inc. Posted by William Strong on Dec 24th, 2016 // No Comments Tweet Westchester Capital Management Inc. decreased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 6.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 98,275 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 7,250 shares during the period. Wal-Mart Stores comprises approximately 3.4% of Westchester Capital Management Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 16th largest position. Westchester Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $7,088,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Piershale Financial Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the last quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the second quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC now owns 2,902 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $212,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the last quarter. WealthTrust Arizona LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.5% in the third quarter. WealthTrust Arizona LLC now owns 2,549 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $184,000 after buying an additional 13 shares during the last quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the third quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC now owns 3,646 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $263,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Blue Bell Private Wealth Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.6% in the third quarter. Blue Bell Private Wealth Management LLC now owns 2,576 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $186,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the last quarter. 28.80% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.07% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $69.54. 4,803,947 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $213.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.08 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a 52-week low of $60.20 and a 52-week high of $75.19. The company has a 50-day moving average of $70.62 and a 200-day moving average of $71.48. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The company earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.03 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Shares Sold by Westchester Capital Management Inc.” was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2016/12/24/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-shares-sold-by-westchester-capital-management-inc.html. A number of equities analysts have issued reports on WMT shares. Vetr cut shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $70.46 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, September 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, September 9th. Cowen and Company upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $76.00 to $83.00 in a report on Monday, September 12th. Jefferies Group set a $86.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, September 12th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG started coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, September 16th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $80.00 target price on the stock. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. Wal-Mart Stores currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $75.09. In other news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Bank of Montreal Can Has $9,682,000 Position in Brunswick Corp. (BC) Next » Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. Buys 12,051 Shares of Comcast Corp. (CMCSA) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
null
Share 14 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-06 Dell XPS-13 2-In-1 Can’t Compete With Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Or MacBook Pro News 2017-01-06 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Opinion 2017-01-06 Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Opinion 2017-01-06 Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Technology 2017-01-06 As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Walmart After-Christmas Sale 2016: Store Offering Deep Price Cuts On Electronics, Kitchen Items The Week After Christmas Shopping 14 0 0 December 24, 2016 Walmart After-Christmas Sale 2016: Store Offering Deep Price Cuts On Electronics, Kitchen Items The Week After Christmas Nathan Francis Walmart won’t be missing a beat this holiday season, offering some big after-Christmas 2016 sales on things like electronics and toys to attract shoppers looking to cash in their gift cards. With the holiday shopping season creeping earlier and earlier into the calendar, shoppers are understandably fatigued by the time Christmas finally arrives. But retailers are trying to counter that by offering more and more attractive after-Christmas sales, and in 2016 Walmart is one of the ones leading the way. As the retail site BFreedom noted, Walmart’s after-Christmas sale for 2016 offers a mix of electronics and gift items like books and DVDs, along with the holiday decor they’re trying to move off the shelves as quickly as possible. “HDTVs, laptops, tablets, cameras, and video game consoles will be among the biggest sellers (and discounters) at the Walmart 2017 After Christmas sale. You can also find great deals on Christmas decorations and decor, kitchen items, toys, clothes, books, DVDs, and a whole lot more. The end of year sale at Walmart is designed to get rid of as much inventory as possible, which is great for shoppers. You can already see After Christmas 2017 deals at Walmart.com, and there will be even more added each day until New Years.” Shopping experts offer some tips for after-Christmas sales, including which items offer the best deals and which to avoid. Melissa Martin of BlackFriday.com told SILive.com that retailers will be eager to clear the shelves of old clothes styles, so shoppers can expect big discounts there. Toys and electronics that didn’t end up selling well with Christmas shoppers will also be on sale, and DealNews.com noted that cameras have some of the best deals after Christmas. There are some other areas to avoid for after-Christmas 2016 sales. The National Retail Federation warned that flat-screen televisions will actually see deeper price cuts around the end of January, just in time for people looking to upgrade for the Super Bowl. And luxury brands generally don’t have many great deals after Christmas. Walmart discounts thousands of items as part of its clearance sale. You can get the Ozark Trail 12-oz. Vacuum… https://t.co/4sDpoIglVY — MyDFWMommy (@mydallasmommy) December 24, 2016 Beyond its own after-Christmas 2016 sale, Walmart is also debuting a program aimed at bringing in even more revenue and give shoppers a chance to earn more savings. The retail giant offered a new feature for its existing savings account, the re-loadable MoneyCard offered on sale at Walmart locations. As MarketWatch noted, the program looks to reward customers for filling more money into these cards. Last week, Wal-Mart debuted a new feature for its existing savings accounts: for every dollar consumers save, they will be entered into a sweepstakes for cash prizes. The company hopes that with the promise of a prize, consumers will begin to put more money away instead of spending it. The number of entries is determined by the average amount of money in the account that month. Consumers can win one of 500 cash prizes every month; the grand prize is $1,000, and the other prizes are $25 each, according to Walmart. (The prizes are subject to tax.) While the program to entice people into stocking their money may be a bit different than an after-Christmas sale aimed at getting them to spend money, Walmart has taken a bit more effort into earning goodwill both among shoppers and employees. This year the retailer announced that it would be closing at 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve — two hours earlier than previous years — so employees can spend more time with their families on the holiday. Wal-Mart Stores:A Rare Deal in this Market #stockanalysis #cashflow #investing #retail https://t.co/9nVa3iS8l8 pic.twitter.com/KnuRGPaoGF — JC (@JC_PIP) December 24, 2016 Those looking for more information on Walmart’s after-Christmas sale 2016 can find the store’s Savings Showcase by clicking here. [Featured Image by Gunnar Rathbun/AP Images for Walmart] Now Read This: South Carolina State Troopers Will No Longer Give A Book Containing Bible Verses To Grieving Families Because An Atheist Complained Share 14 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Nathan Francis Tags: after-Christmas sales 2016, walmart, Walmart after-Christmas sale August 23, 2016 Police Fatally Shoot Deaf Man Who Was Trying To Communicate With Sign Language August 23, 2016 McDonald’s Happy Meal Toys Cause Burns And Rashes, Millions Recalled View full timeline 1 hour ago Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy 2 days ago Police: Ohio Man Squirted Semen On Women At Walmart Comments LATEST HEADLINES Dell XPS-13 2-In-1 Can’t Compete With Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Or MacBook Pro ‘Underworld: Blood Wars’ After-Credits Scene: Is There A Scene Hidden At The End Of The Vampire Thriller? Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Ciara Drops $15 Million Defamation Lawsuit Against Future Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Seattle Mariners Trades: New Starting Pitcher, Outfielder Acquired By Jerry Dipoto Chicago Race Torture Victim Says Attacker Jordan Hill ‘Was My Friend’ Before Facebook Live Assault Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.6k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 12 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Shows All Staff Schedule Bernadette Lee Rob Kirkpatrick Brandon Comeaux Ken Romero Dr. John Sutherlin Listen Listen Live Mobile Events Krewe De Bayou – Hollywood Walk Of Fame Mardi Gras Ball Full Calendar Submit an Event News Junkies Sign Up Contests VIP Support Win Stuff Contact Us Help & Contact Info Send Feedback Advertise Experts Acadian Total Security Audio Video Innovators Barczyk Chiropractic Group Brown’s Furniture Showplace Coccolare Spa Eagle Pest Control and Chemical GMFS Mr Electric National Foundation Repair Piggly Wiggly Theriot Family Dental Care Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram Tip Us Noteworthy: Wingin’ It Wednesday Krewe De Bayou Legal Authority Lafayette Live Gas Prices Crime Mother Arrested For Giving Birth, Abandoning Baby In Wal-Mart By Derek Albert December 24, 2016 4:09 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Kyandrea Thomas (Photo Courtesy of KATC).jpg A newborn baby who was born–then abandoned–in a Wal-Mart bathroom is in critical condition, while her mother will be spending time behind bars. Police have arrested a woman who allegedly gave birth in a New Roads Wal-Mart bathroom and abandoning the newborn in a trash can. Our news parters at KATC reported 36-year-old Kyandrea Thomas was arrested around noon today after she was located at Lane Memorial Hospital in Zachary. At approximately 8 p.m. Friday, New Roads police and firefighters responded to the Wal-Mart after an employee, who was taking out the trash, found the abandoned newborn in a plastic bag. Firefighter were able to revive the baby before she was taken to Pointe Coupee General Hospital. Medics then airlifted the baby to Our Lady of the Lake Hospital in stable but, critical condition. Thomas’ criminal rap sheet also includes charges of negligent homicide in connection with the death of three-year-old Damiyn McElveen. Two Arrested For Murder Of Lafayette Pizza Delivery Man Filed Under: abandoned newborn | Kyandrea Thomas | New Roads Police Department Category: Crime | State News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of KPEL 96.5 Winter Weather Arrives In Louisiana, Roads Covered With Ice UPDATE: Family Says Acadiana Man “OK” After Platform Fire In Gulf Of Mexico [PICTURES & VIDEO] Lafayette Area Mardi Gras 2017 Parade Schedule Investigation Launched After Jail Inmate Died In Custody Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Staff Bernadette Lee Brandon Comeaux Rob Kirkpatrick Moon Griffon Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity Ken Romero Dr. John Sutherlin Steve Peloquin Mark Levin George Noory Kim Komando KPEL 96.5 FM on Facebook Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more Sign Up Now MOST RECENT STORIES Lafayette Fire Department Mourns Loss Of Firefighter Authorities: Louisiana Teacher, Husband Operated Meth Lab Man Accused Of Dismembering Parents Returning To Tennessee Nutritionist: Avoid Fad Diets When Setting New Year’s Health Resolutions Most Dangerous Vacation Destinations in the World EEO Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Lafayette Business Listings Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://kpel965.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to News Junkies (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up for News Junkies Register Now Sign up for News Junkies quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive News Junkies contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook News Junkies brought to you by: News Talk 96.5 KPEL Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts USA Financial Portformulas Corp Has $3,905,000 Position in Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Stake Boosted by State of Tennessee Treasury Department Bokf Na Has $3,917,000 Stake in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Northpointe Capital LLC Increases Stake in Old Republic International Corporation (ORI) Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX) is University of Notre Dame DU Lac’s 6th Largest Position Prudential Financial Inc. Cuts Stake in Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) NutriSystem Inc (NTRI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. Silver Wheaton Corp (SLW) Shares Sold by James Investment Research Inc. American States Water Company (AWR) Director Lloyd E. Ross Sells 1,100 Shares K. Phil Yoo Sells 2,000 Shares of Antero Resources Corporation (AR) Stock Century Bancorp, Inc. (CNBKA) Major Shareholder James J. Filler Buys 806 Shares Loeb Partners Corp Lowers Stake in Time Warner Inc. (TWX) Bokf Na Buys 301 Shares of Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Shares Bought by Bokf Na Laurion Capital Management LP Has $4,407,000 Stake in Calpine Corporation (CPN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Acquires 53,294 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (EGRX) Trading Down 8.6% on Insider Selling Jack In The Box Inc. (JACK) Director David Goebel Sells 1,376 Shares Cardtronics PLC (CATM) CEO Steven A. Rathgaber Sells 6,000 Shares 50,000 Shares in Workday, Inc. (WDAY) Acquired by Espalier Global Management LLC Novare Capital Management LLC Has $370,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Posted by William Strong on Dec 24th, 2016 // No Comments Tweet Novare Capital Management LLC maintained its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 5,130 shares of the retailer’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Novare Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $370,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth approximately $309,966,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 24.3% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 7,418,449 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $541,665,000 after buying an additional 1,449,033 shares in the last quarter. Jennison Associates LLC acquired a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth approximately $90,042,000. Schroder Investment Management Group raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 48.6% in the second quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 3,530,687 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $257,811,000 after buying an additional 1,154,142 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State of Tennessee Treasury Department raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 106.3% in the second quarter. State of Tennessee Treasury Department now owns 1,776,912 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $129,751,000 after buying an additional 915,662 shares in the last quarter. 28.80% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.07% during trading on Friday, hitting $69.54. The stock had a trading volume of 4,803,947 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $213.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.08 and a beta of 0.11. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a 52 week low of $60.20 and a 52 week high of $75.19. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $70.62 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.48. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.02. The business earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $1.03 EPS. Analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Novare Capital Management LLC Has $370,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT)” was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2016/12/24/novare-capital-management-llc-has-370000-position-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. A number of equities analysts have commented on WMT shares. Guggenheim started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 30th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price objective on the stock. Vetr raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.98 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, September 19th. Jefferies Group set a $86.00 price objective on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, September 12th. KeyCorp set a $90.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 7th. Finally, Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 7th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Wal-Mart Stores has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $75.09. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total transaction of $5,185,352.04. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Perficient Inc. (PRFT) Position Cut by Arizona State Retirement System Next » Alta Capital Management LLC Maintains Stake in Exxon Mobil Corp. (XOM) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Does Wal-Mart have the answer to make America save again? MarketWatch Maria LaMagna 12/24/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The world's most powerful people These are the best and worst states to retire in Click to expand Replay Video Toyota to Trump: We've Invested $21 billion in US Toyota issued a rebuke to President-elect Donald Trump for his shortsighted comments on Twitter. On Jan. 5th, Trump tweeted a threat to the Japanese automaker for a planned factory in Mexico for Corolla production. The tweet threatened a big border tax on future imports from the proposed plant in Baja, adding to build the plant in the United States. But the Toyota Motor Corp. is an important corporate citizen in the US already. According to the company, they have invested over $21 billion in US operations over the past 6 decades. Wochit News The world's most punctual airline is ... The annual ranking of the world's most on time airlines for 2016 has been released. We countdown the top ten. CNBC Free marijuana on day of inauguration A marijuana activist group plans to give out 4,200 free joints to protest at Trump's inauguration CNN PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Here’s the 411 on how to kickstart your emergency fund CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Toyota to Trump: We've Invested $21 billion in US Wochit News0:40 The world's most punctual airline is ... CNBC1:01 Free marijuana on day of inauguration CNN5:33 5 stunning stats about Costco CNN Money1:01 SeaWorld says goodbye to orca shows Wochit Business0:31 Who will pay for Trump's wall? Fox Business3:32 How Amazon's Alexa won CES 2017 The Wall Street Journal.2:31 Three ways student loan debt can affect your retirement The Washington Post1:37 Trump's talk threatens Toyota and wider sector Reuters1:41 Will store closures and layoffs help Macy's grow? The Street0:56 Owner of Japanese sushi chain pays $632,000 for a single tuna TheWrap0:45 Homeowners who live in copies of famous properties The Wall Street Journal.2:05 Why are tacos so popular at Jack in the Box? Fox Business2:01 NY Times app banned in China CNBC0:37 MyPillow fights against BBB's F-rating Wochit Business0:30 Coca-Cola sued over claims it made about obesity and its drinks Newsy1:01 UP NEXT Wal-Mart wants Americans to shop and save.  Despite improvements in the U.S. economy, many Americans struggle to save even small amounts of their money. About half of U.S. adults don’t have $400 saved for an emergency, and about a third of non-retired adults have absolutely no retirement savings or pension at all, according to the Federal Reserve. Could the solution be making saving more like gambling? According to Wal-Mart (WMT), the promise of a prize could help people actually save. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 68.26 -0.95 -1.37% Last week, Wal-Mart debuted a new feature for its existing savings accounts: for every dollar consumers save, they will be entered into a sweepstakes for cash prizes. The company hopes that with the promise of a prize, consumers will begin to put more money away instead of spending it. The number of entries is determined by the average amount of money in the account that month. Consumers can win one of 500 cash prizes every month; the grand prize is $1,000, and the other prizes are $25 each, according to Walmart. (The prizes are subject to tax.) The new program works with MoneyCard, a reloadable prepaid card customers can purchase at Wal-Mart and use anywhere that MasterCard and Visa debit cards are accepted. Wal-Mart issues the cards through financial services company Green Dot Corporation’s bank, Green Dot Bank, which is headquartered in Pasadena, Calif., and is known for issuing prepaid debit cards. Of course, consumers should be aware of several fees involved; it costs $1 to purchase a MoneyCard. There is also a $5 monthly fee on MoneyCard accounts, which is waived if consumers load $1,000 or more onto their cards in the previous month. Reloading the card with cash through Green Dot costs up to $4.95 or $3 at participating Wal-Mart stores. It also costs $2.50 to withdraw cash from the card at an ATM or from a teller, plus any charges from the ATM owner. On the plus side, the account does not charge overdraft fees, which can be costly at other institutions, including banks, which charge up to $35 for an overdraft.© Provided by Dow Jones & Company, Inc. Wal-Mart wants to give consumers incentives to save. Part of the appeal of the account: Consumers who use Green Dot for banking services tend to have lower incomes than the median U.S. income, and the consumer who uses the Wal-Mart Moneycard services is likely a similar client, who isn’t using a traditional bank for his or her checking and savings accounts, a Green Dot spokeswoman said. Consumers don’t earn any interest on the money in their savings “vault.” They are able to move money in and out of it without having to pay a fee, and can access their accounts on WalmartMoneyCard.com and on Walmart’s mobile app. Since Wal-Mart started the program with a small test group of consumers in August, the participants have saved 35% more on average than before starting the program, the company said. The company declined to say how many participants were in that test group. Some banks even have their own versions of savings incentives programs, including U.S. Bank, which gives customers a $50 bonus when they save $500 as part of the bank’s “Start Smart” program. (And U.S. Bank savings accounts do offer customers a small amount of interest, unlike the Wal-Mart “vaults.”) The ease of setting up the account may be another positive, said George Barany, the director of strategic initiatives at America Saves, a division of the Consumer Federation of America, an association of nonprofit consumer organizations based in Washington, D.C. “Whenever there’s an immediate opportunity that’s simple and easy to access, and that’s legit and safe and appropriate, I think that presents an opportunity to change the culture from ‘Spend it all’ to ‘Start saving effectively,’” he said. Similar programs outside the U.S. have proven to be successful, he said. Maria LaMagna covers personal finance for MarketWatch in New York. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Marketwatch Why chickens are twice as big today as they were 60 years ago MarketWatch The real reason college grads move home with their parents may surprise you​ MarketWatch Meet the craftspeople who make the Golden Globes MarketWatch Hershey upgraded on expectation it will exceed earnings expectations after years of misses MarketWatch MarketWatch View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics Elections 2016 The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Rentals Place an ad Crime & Courts December 25, 2016 3:49 PM 2 charged in Christmas Eve shooting at Walmart on Garners Ferry Road i By Teddy Kulmala tkulmala@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story COLUMBIA, SC Two people have been charged in a Christmas Eve shooting that injured a man at Wal-Mart on Garners Ferry Road, according to police. Elliott Caldwell, 22, from Columbia, is charged with attempted murder and possession of a firearm during the commission of a violent crime, according to Lt. Daniel Wesley, a Columbia police spokesman. Bradley Keyon Stigner, 25, of West Columbia, is charged with attempted murder, possession of a firearm during the commission of a violent crime and discharging a firearm into a dwelling. Police have said gunshots rang out near the front of the store around 4:30 p.m. Saturday, and that people inside the store and in the parking lot were involved. A man was taken to a hospital with a non-life threatening gunshot wound, and Wesley said Sunday he is expected to recover. A motive for the shooting is still unknown. “It was an isolated incident,” Wesley said. “The group of individuals knew each other at some point. It wasn’t anything random.” Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to call Columbia police at 803-545-3500 or Crimestoppers at 888-CRIME-SC. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime & Courts Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:18 Preparing for snow in South Carolina Pause 1:29 Suspects record alleged kidnapping and torture on Facebook Live 4:33 Clemson's Dabo Swinney and team arrive in Tampa 1:06 New efforts to stop America's opioid abuse problem 1:52 USC president Harris Pastides makes the case for a bond bill for higher education building projects 2:39 Coach Staley previews weekend game against Florida 0:41 Clemson Tigers leave for the National Championship 2:00 Tallulah opening soon in Columbia 2:01 South Carolina residents will automatically live in North Carolina as of Jan. 1 1:51 How you can join Columbia's community gardens Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago 911 calls capture last moments of reported murder suicide in Lexington County 2:28 3 days ago 911 calls capture last moments of reported murder suicide in Lexington County 0:16 7 days ago Dollar General Armed Robbery on December 24, 2016 4:22 7 days ago Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest View more video Crime & Courts Former town employee admits to embezzling more than $10,000 Man shot during botched Craigslist deal planned to rob victims, official says Any Dylann Roof execution would be years away Roof ordered not to approach jury, witnesses when acting as his own lawyer Possible homicide reported Monday afternoon Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News "It is over." Biden stops cold House Democrat attempts to keep Trump from office Judge rebukes the Chicago four who tortured special needs man, and denies them bail Liberal comedian Patton Oswalt politicizes Ft. Lauderdale shooting with another offensive tweet Kentucky may see gun-free school zones become a thing of the past with new Republican bill Channels Glenn Beck Dana Loesch Tomi Lahren Doc Thompson Check out all channels MyVoice Radio TV Login Join 0 www.theblaze.com Longtime Salvation Army bell ringer finds big ‘treasure’ in his kettle Tré Goins-Phillips Dec 25, 2016 12:30 pm Image source: Treasure Coast News 54 Follow Share Tweet Some of the biggest surprises come in the smallest packages. That sentiment most certainly rang true for one Salvation Army bell ringer at a Walmart in Treasure Coast, Florida, just two days before Christmas. He’s seen many coins pulled from purses and pockets, heard the cash clink as it hit the bottom of the Salvation Army’s iconic red kettles, but Jim Bessy has probably never been given what one donor handed him on Friday: A coin with ties to a fleet of Spanish galleons off the coast of Vero Beach. According to Treasure Coast News, the gold Escudo, which is worth thousands of dollars, was handed to Bessy by an anonymous donor who wanted to ensure the historically significant coin didn’t end up mixed in with the rest of the cash in the kettle. At the end of his shift on Friday, the longtime volunteer handed the gold piece over to Salvation Army Lt. Jay Needham. As it turns out, this is Needham’s first season as a corps officer for the Indian River County chapter of the Salvation Army, and now, it’s one he’ll never forget. Immediately after he was given the coin, Needham said he began searching for more information about it on the internet. The “treasure” is in a plastic case, which has the words “1715 Fleet 1 Escudo” etched into it. “This is certainly a big welcome for me to the Treasure Coast,” the lieutenant told the newspaper. “My first Christmas here comes with treasure from a 300-year-old ship. It brings a 300-year-old story about treasure together with a 2,000 year-old-story about the birth of our Savior at Christmas.” The coin, according to Treasure Coast News, is no small donation: More than 200 Spanish sunken treasure coins were retrieved along the Treasure Coast in 2015 and were valued at more than $1 million. The coins, which were part of the 1715 fleet that sunk in a hurricane off the coast on July 31, 1715, were recovered by a contractor working for 1715 Fleet-Queens Jewels LLC, a historic shipwreck salvage company based in Sebastian. Needham said he is grateful for the thoughtful donation, which is sure to bring light to many families in need this holiday season. “This coin will help bring light on so many stories of families in need right here in Indian River County,” he said. “With this great contribution and so many more from around this generous community, we are able to help people that are in need during the Christmas season and into the New Year. We would like to say thank you for this great donor for the special coin at this special season of giving.” As far as Salvation Army marketing director John Corapi can remember, this is the first time the charity’s Indian River County chapter has received such a lavish donation. Salvation Army chapters in other states — including Colorado, Kentucky, Montana, Oregon and Wisconsin — have received similar gold coins, all of which were estimated to have been worth more than $1,000. The tradition of donating gold pieces to the Salvation Army began in 1982, USA Today reported, when a donor in the Chicago suburb of Crystal Lake donated the first gold coin. Share Tweet Rate this story 97% 1% 0% 1% 2% Recommended from the Web 54 Comments Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! Menu × Radio TV Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Tips Company Help Jobs Advertise Content Partners Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! © 2017 TheBlaze, Inc. Your use of or registration on this site constitutes your acceptance of our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy × Menu News Channels MyVoice Radio TV Logout Following Saved Content Help Invite Friends Contact Jobs Advertise Content Partners Terms Privacy × × Get TheBlaze Newsletters Sign Up Refer Friends, Earn Rewards! × × Comment Section FAQ What is the red near my name? Moderators assign strikes for violations of our comment policy. They will go away automatically in 24 hours, provided you have no further violations. However, if you earn three strikes within 24 hours, your account will be temporary banned. How do I delete my own comment? Please email moderation@theblaze.com to let us know you would like it removed. Why am I getting an error when I try to post? If you see an error, this may be because of a problem with your account. Email moderation@theblaze.com with a description and screenshot of the error and we’ll promptly fix it. I am not seeing my post to MyVoice. How come? Most posts to MyVoice will be live within a few hours. MyVoice is for posting intelligent, engaging, entertaining and thought-provoking commentary, so following these guidelines will help get your post noticed. What can I do if see someone causing problems? Flag the post to inform a moderator. You can also email us at moderation@theblaze.com. I’m having trouble with editing and replying to comments. What can I do? If you notice something not working like it should, please email us at moderation@theblaze.com. × × Community Rules Speak your mind. Please be respectful of our rules and community. Asking people to upvote you or your post are not allowed. No spam, abuse, obscenities, off-topic comments, racial or ethnic slurs, threats, hate, comments that incite violence or excessive use of flagging permitted. Please be respectful of our community and spread some love. Any of the following may result in a permanent ban: Spam Abusive Obscene language Obscene photos Off-topic comments Racial or ethnic slurs Threats of any kind Hate messages Excessive use or the flagging (report as spam) feature Asking people to upvote your comments or posts For more information, please see our Terms of Use. Now, go have fun and speak your mind!   × × ×
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-06 Dell XPS-13 2-In-1 Can’t Compete With Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Or MacBook Pro News 2017-01-06 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Opinion 2017-01-06 Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Opinion 2017-01-06 Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Can Be Played Technology 2017-01-06 As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Missouri Parents Killed In Highway 5 Car Crash While Driving To See Son In Hospital Who Had Been Injured In Separate Crash News 0 0 0 December 25, 2016 Missouri Parents Killed In Highway 5 Car Crash While Driving To See Son In Hospital Who Had Been Injured In Separate Crash Angelica N. Sumter Parents Daniel Hahn, 38, and Lori Hendrickson, 37, of Pittsburgh, Missouri, were killed Friday in an auto accident on Highway 5 while driving to see their son, who had been seriously injured in a separate crash on Highway 54, according to the CBS News. On the morning of December 16, Hahn and Hendrickson received a devastating call pertaining to their 19-year-old son Chris Hahn, who had been seriously injured in a head-on collision on Highway 54 in Camden County. At around 7:15 a.m., the teen, who is a cashier at the Camdenton Walmart, was traveling westbound on US 54 in his 2001 Hyundai when he suddenly swerved to avoid hitting a tractor trailer. He reportedly “crossed the eastbound lanes and struck an eastbound 2006 Dodge Grand Caravan driven by Jay A. Binspacher, 30, of Camdenton, head-on,” which caused his vehicle to catch fire. Chris suffered a “fractured skull, brain swelling and bleeding, and he was put into an induced coma.” Without hesitation, his parents got into their 2011 Volkswagen and began driving to see their son at University Hospital in Columbia, which was two hours away from their home – but they never made it. Tragedy struck around 4:17 p.m. when a vehicle carrying two passengers – Arthur Hayes, 36, and his 35-year-old wife, Crystal Hayes – reportedly crossed the center line, hitting Hahn and Hendrickson head-on. All four passengers were pronounced dead at the scene. Authorities say Hahn and Henderickson, who were horse trainers, were wearing seatbelts while the couple, who left behind two children, in the other vehicle were not. Alexa Daniel told reporters that she doesn’t know Chris very well but they work together at Walmart. She added that “we all pretty much feel the same. Concern for him and hoping that he will get better soon. The accident alone with Chris was very unexpected and tragedy to begin with, and then to add on his parents as well is kind of like a double-whammy.” After her co-workers’ parents were killed in a car crash, Daniel created a Go Fund Me page to help with Chris’ medical expenses and the cost of his parents’ funerals. Thus far, he has amassed almost $14k in donations but Daniel is hoping to reach $50K. “Rather than sit around and wonder if something is going to be done about it, I figured I would do it myself, that way I know something is going to be done because a little bit helps. Every little bit helps,” said Daniel. “He’s 19-years-old, has a whole life ahead of him and I just hope to bring his life back to the way it was as much as I can.” Social media users were heartbroken after learning about the Missouri parents being killed in a crash while driving to see their injured son. In a Facebook post, Donna Kinder wrote, “My gosh, this is just tragic. I hope this young man has a full recovery. His life will never be the same.” Another Facebook user, Priscilla Benitez, wrote, “Just heartbreaking, I hope he has other family members to help him during this time of need. I am glad they set up a Go Fund Me account. I am going to donate now.” “His life will never be the same again. Reading this broke my heart. I honestly and truly hope that the dark times he will face, he will get through them. I cannot imagine the amount of guilt he will feel and I hope he will seek help. This wasn’t his fault. He is not to blame. I sincerely hope he’ll accept that one day.” Benitez added, “My condolences to him and his extended family. I hope one day when life itself gets better, he’ll see how strong he is and has always been. I can’t with this story, it breaks my heart so much.” Since the crash, Chris has awakened from his coma and was informed about his parents passing. He has been released from the hospital, and Chris is now being supported by family and friends. [Featured Image By DeepBlue4Youe/iStock] Now Watch This: Politicians Vote To Weaken Ethics Committee Now Read This: Dell XPS-13 2-In-1 Can’t Compete With Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Or MacBook Pro Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Angelica N. Sumter Tags: crash, Family, killed, LIFE January 6, 2017 A Mom Sent Another Mom A Bill For $400 After Her Daughter’s Shoes Got Scuffed Up On Playdate January 6, 2017 South Carolina State Troopers Will No Longer Give A Book Containing Bible Verses To Grieving Families Because An Atheist Complained Comments LATEST HEADLINES Giant Winged ‘Demon’ Photos Go Viral: Apocalyptic Image, Mothman, Or Something Far Less Sinister? Plus-Size Model Ashley Graham Shares Revealing Bikini Pics From Tropical Vacation Dell XPS-13 2-In-1 Can’t Compete With Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Or MacBook Pro ‘Criminal Minds’ New Hires: How Many Actors Does It Take To Replace Thomas Gibson And Shemar Moore? ‘Underworld: Blood Wars’ After-Credits Scene: Is There A Scene Hidden At The End Of The Vampire Thriller? Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Ciara Drops $15 Million Defamation Lawsuit Against Future Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.6k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 15 0 0 Katelyn Nichole Davis Suicide: 12-Year-Old Allegedly Hanged Herself, Live-Streamed Suicide On Facebook Live 1.8k 0 0 Recent Videos News McDonald’s Opens On Vatican Property News Islamic State Claims Responsibility For Turkey Nightclub Shooting News Mid-air Plain Collision Kills Three In Texas News Queen Elizabeth II Misses New Years Service , Recovering From “Severe Cold” Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, January 06, 2017, 8:08 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Twice-gobbled Hayneedle thrives Wal-Mart picked up online firm with Jet.com By Robbie Neiswanger This article was published December 25, 2016 at 2:10 a.m. PHOTO BY BLOOMBERG NEWS / DANIEL ACKER An employee collects items at the Jet.com fulfillment center in Kansas City, Kan. Jet.com acquired Hayneedle earlier this year. Both companies now are owned by Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Comments aAFont Size An employee grabs an item from the shelf at Jet.com’s fulfillment center in Kansas City, Kan. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. purchased Jet.com earlier this year... Hayneedle Chief Executive Officer Jon Barker believes his company experienced something rare in 2016 after being acquired by retailers twice in the span of seven months. An employee grabs an item from the shelf at Jet.com’s fulfillment center in Kansas City, Kan. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. purchased Jet.com earlier this year... This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Twice-gobbled Hayneedle thrives Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Bankruptcy watch Business news in brief State's banks making most of Big Apple Top 5 Arkansas business stories in 2016 offer... Twice-gobbled Hayneedle thrives Registration of rigs in Arkansas a pain; carr... Doll diversity showing up in toy aisles Sazerac looks to foreign markets Funko gearing for move to bigger digs More Business stories > Comments on: Twice-gobbled Hayneedle thrives To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Obama says he would support repealing health care law if GOP puts forward better plan (9 comments) DANA D. KELLEY: Lose the sore (25 comments) Study: No pause in global warming (36 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: An ignominious start (37 comments) Trump on border wall: Mexico will pay us back (13 comments) 4 suspects in beating of disabled man that was broadcast on Facebook appear in court (4 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
7:08 PM Fri, Jan. 06th Weather  39.0° News Tips - Contact Editor e-Edition Sign in The Daily Courier Jump to content Search Sponsored By: News Business Elections Neighbors Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Blogs Sportsf High School College Local National NAZ Suns Kudos Out & About Chew on this Music & Nightlife Words Stage & Screen Art & Style Features Real Estate Life Couples Birth Recognition Obituaries Classifieds More 928 Media Lab Archives: Pre-Web Arizona Rewards Courier Cooks Newsletter Event Calendar Mobile Apps Other Publications Photo Galleries Place an Ad Public Notices Purchase a Photo Real Estate Search Special Sections Submissions Subscriber Services (Start / Stop) This Week's Circulars (Flipp) TV Listings Worship Directory Contact Us Secret Santa pays off $10K layaway bill at Cottonwood Walmart BY JENNIFER KUCICH, For The Daily Courier Originally Published: December 25, 2016 6 a.m. Share Tweet COTTONWOOD – If you had items on layaway at Walmart, you may be in for a merrier Christmas. An anonymous man came into the local store Thursday morning and paid everyone’s layaway bill. “$10,000 worth,” said store manager Rebecca Gallup. The man had heard about someone performing such a generous deed in Phoenix, and wanted to help his local community, explained Gallup. Those who had items on layaway are in the process of being contacted. “Someone was in tears,” said Gallup, describing some of the customers’ reactions. With some money left over, the generous mystery man asked employees to use the remainder to help with the store’s tree – which helps provide Christmas presents to underprivileged children. Gallup and her crew are busy shopping for them. Nationwide trend The Arizona Republic reported that a mystery Santa paid off 60 layaway items at a Paradise Valley Mall Toys “R” Us in Phoenix. A manager of the store told The Republic it was the first time this has happened, and said customers’ reactions ranged from disbelief to tears and hugs for store employees, the story by Jerod MacDonald-Evoy said. According to a Tulsa Fox 23 News story by Rick Maranon, another Secret Santa paid off layaway for 162 families at the city’s south Walmart. The anonymous merrymaker also donated to the Salvation Army’s Angel Tree program, with donations totaling as much as $50,000, the news agency reported. Earlier this month, CNN’s Ellie Kaufman reported that an anonymous “Santa B” paid off $46,000 in layaway at a Pennsylvania Walmart earlier this month. Everett, Pa. store manager Ryan Kennedy received a call from the anonymous “Santa B,” who wanted to pay off all the all the layaway items on hold, CNN reported. “It was complete disbelief,” Kennedy told CNN. “It was definitely a great gesture. I was completely shocked.” Later that week, multiple news agencies reported that Santa B bestowed the same generosity at two more Walmart stores, paying for about $166,000 worth of layaway merchandise. Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment More like this story Editorial: Sharing the good and the bad Layaway makes a comeback Letter: Anonymous Santa pays reader's bill 'Layaway angel' brings holiday cheer to families Couple arrested on charges of felony shoplifting Sign in to comment Comments Comments are not posted immediately. Submissions must adhere to our Use of Service Terms of Use agreement. Rambling or nonsensical comments may not be posted. Comment submissions may not exceed a 200 word limit, and in order for us to reasonably manage this feature we may limit excessive comment entries. Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. MOST READ 7 days 30 days Unusual animals stop traffic in Williamson Valley Need 2 Know: Prescott Valley Crossroads getting two new developments; Soldi Creative Cuisine closing; Mogies reopening 2 stabbed in Prescott fight; Phoenix man arrested Police activity shuts down Mobile Circle West in Prescott Valley Governor ready to fight if Obama creates monument Prescott man gets 30 years for child prostitution Renting, photo radar, notices, fines, among new laws; a few started in August, some kicked in Jan. 1 2 storms to bring rain to much of Arizona, snow to Flagstaff Prescott movie theater moves to reserved seating Shooting range cleanup to cost Forest Service nearly $1 million Missing man found dead Winter storm socks Arizona; road closures announced (PHOTO GALLERY) Body of missing Prescott Valley man found Suspect attempts 2 PV bank robberies in rapid succession, crashes in pursuit and is captured Missing Yarnell woman found dead Unusual animals stop traffic in Williamson Valley Former Prescott pastor charged with child molestation Courthouse events curtailed Northern Arizona gets a White Christmas - and some road issues (PHOTO GALLERY) Need 2 Know: Prescott Valley Crossroads getting two new developments; Soldi Creative Cuisine closing; Mogies reopening SECTIONS News Opinion Sports Kudos Features Life Obituaries CLASSIFIEDS Main Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an Ad Contact Us EVENTS Today's Events Births Wedding Engagement Search Events Submit Event SUBMISSIONS Submit a News Tip Birth Wedding Engagement Anniversary Website Feedback Subscriber Services PROFILE Sign In Newsletter Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 The Daily Courier and Western News & Info®, Inc. All rights reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff NFL NBA MLB College Sports NHL Soccer Markets Menu NFL NBA MLB College Sports NHL Soccer Markets About/Contact Privacy Policy Staff Brokerages Set Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) PT at $75.87 Posted by Daniel Jordon on Dec 25th, 2016 // No Comments Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) have been given a consensus rating of “Hold” by the thirty-one brokerages that are presently covering the company. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 1 year price objective among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $75.90. Several brokerages recently commented on WMT. Vetr raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $74.70 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday. Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, November 19th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. set a $73.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, November 18th. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “sell” rating and issued a $63.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, November 4th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 29th. In other news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total transaction of $5,185,352.04. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Vigilant Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1,270.0% in the second quarter. Vigilant Capital Management LLC now owns 1,370 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 1,270 shares in the last quarter. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at $100,000. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at $104,000. Americafirst Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter valued at $106,000. Finally, BKS Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at $110,000. 28.80% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 69.54 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $213.71 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.08 and a beta of 0.11. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $70.62 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.48. Wal-Mart Stores has a 1-year low of $60.20 and a 1-year high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm’s revenue was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.03 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Brokerages Set Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) PT at $75.87” was published by Sports Perspectives and is owned by of Sports Perspectives. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://sportsperspectives.com/2016/12/25/brokerages-set-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-pt-at-75-87/. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  «  PREVIOUS Brokerages Set Chart Industries Inc. (GTLS) Target Price at $31.25  »  NEXT Brokerages Set Silicon Motion Technology Corp. (SIMO) Target Price at $53.65 Latest News Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website Daily Ratings & News for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our free daily email newsletter: Follow @SPNewsAnalysis Sports Perspectives Recent Posts Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Receives GBX 245.69 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Thomas Cook Group plc (TCG) Receives GBX 96.25 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Standard Life Plc (SL) Price Target at $381.64 Smith & Nephew SNATS, Inc. (SNN) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Hess Corporation (HES) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Analysts Set Prospect Capital Corporation (PSEC) Target Price at $7.56 Brokerages Set Regulus Therapeutics Inc. (RGLS) PT at $8.83 Brokers Set Expectations for AK Steel Holding Corporation’s FY2017 Earnings (AKS) BJ’s Restaurants, Inc. (BJRI) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.95 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (LOW) Position Decreased by Fulton Breakefield Broenniman LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $9,261,000 Stake in Pioneer Natural Resources Company (PXD) DnB Asset Management AS Has $9,833,000 Position in Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) Altria Group (MO) Shares Sold by BARING ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd Newmont Mining Corporation (NEM) Shares Sold by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Shares Bought by Toronto Dominion Bank Clarkston Capital Partners LLC Purchases 13,870 Shares of Anthem, Inc. (ANTM) Tile Shop Hldgs, Inc. (TTS) Shares Sold by Emerald Advisers Inc. PA E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) Stake Boosted by Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Shares Sold by Daiwa Securities Group Inc. Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) Shares Sold by Mesirow Financial Investment Management Equity Management NFL NBA MLB College Sports NHL Soccer Markets © 2006-2017 Sports Perspectives
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts USA Financial Portformulas Corp Has $3,905,000 Position in Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Stake Boosted by State of Tennessee Treasury Department Bokf Na Has $3,917,000 Stake in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Northpointe Capital LLC Increases Stake in Old Republic International Corporation (ORI) Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX) is University of Notre Dame DU Lac’s 6th Largest Position Prudential Financial Inc. Cuts Stake in Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) NutriSystem Inc (NTRI) Position Raised by James Investment Research Inc. Silver Wheaton Corp (SLW) Shares Sold by James Investment Research Inc. American States Water Company (AWR) Director Lloyd E. Ross Sells 1,100 Shares K. Phil Yoo Sells 2,000 Shares of Antero Resources Corporation (AR) Stock Century Bancorp, Inc. (CNBKA) Major Shareholder James J. Filler Buys 806 Shares Loeb Partners Corp Lowers Stake in Time Warner Inc. (TWX) Bokf Na Buys 301 Shares of Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Shares Bought by Bokf Na Laurion Capital Management LP Has $4,407,000 Stake in Calpine Corporation (CPN) Convergence Investment Partners LLC Acquires 53,294 Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (EGRX) Trading Down 8.6% on Insider Selling Jack In The Box Inc. (JACK) Director David Goebel Sells 1,376 Shares Cardtronics PLC (CATM) CEO Steven A. Rathgaber Sells 6,000 Shares 50,000 Shares in Workday, Inc. (WDAY) Acquired by Espalier Global Management LLC Brokerages Set Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) PT at $75.87 Posted by Dave Schultz on Dec 25th, 2016 // No Comments Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) has received a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the thirty-one research firms that are covering the stock. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, nineteen have assigned a hold recommendation and nine have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 1-year price objective among analysts that have covered the stock in the last year is $75.90. WMT has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Vetr downgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $70.46 target price on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, September 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday, September 9th. Cowen and Company raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $76.00 to $83.00 in a research report on Monday, September 12th. Jefferies Group set a $86.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, September 12th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG initiated coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday, September 16th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $80.00 target price on the stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2016/12/25/brokerages-set-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-pt-at-75-87.html. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 69.54 on Tuesday. The company has a market capitalization of $213.71 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.08 and a beta of 0.11. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $70.62 and its 200 day moving average is $71.48. Wal-Mart Stores has a 12 month low of $60.20 and a 12 month high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $1.03 EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.32 EPS for the current fiscal year. In other news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total transaction of $5,185,352.04. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Fort Point Capital Partners LLC boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the third quarter. Fort Point Capital Partners LLC now owns 4,663 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $336,000 after buying an additional 20 shares in the last quarter. RGT Capital Management Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $379,000. Cutler Investment Counsel LLC boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.8% in the third quarter. Cutler Investment Counsel LLC now owns 90,976 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $6,561,000 after buying an additional 743 shares in the last quarter. SevenBridge Financial Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 64.8% in the third quarter. SevenBridge Financial Group LLC now owns 21,553 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,471,000 after buying an additional 8,476 shares in the last quarter. Finally, First Heartland Consultants Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 25.2% in the third quarter. First Heartland Consultants Inc. now owns 12,665 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $913,000 after buying an additional 2,551 shares in the last quarter. 28.80% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Next » OSI Systems Inc. (OSIS) Receives $77.33 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Friday, January 6th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: YSU FRISCO LIVE | Tressel recalls YSU's glor... Possible human remains found in search for p... 7:51 p.m. Fri Renovations begin Monday at Salem Regional M... 6:30 p.m. Fri East Liverpool woman faces charges tied to e... 5:12 p.m. Fri Campbell swears in new police chief 3:24 p.m. Fri US economy creates a modest 156,000 jobs in ... 3:21 p.m. Fri Lisbon man gets eight-plus years in prison f... 3:17 p.m. Fri all posts   Browse | Submit a Resume | Post a Job - Advertisement -   « News Home A level playing field: Lab adapts toys for children with disabilities | Print Tweet Published: Sun, December 25, 2016 @ 12:00 a.m. By JASON DEAREN Associated Press JACKSONVILLE, Fla. Because of her cerebral palsy, 4-year-old Scarlett Wilgis has trouble opening her hands and can’t get around without help. Her parents have scoured store shelves and websites for toys for her but have mostly been disappointed. “Finding the toys at Walmart or Target, they’re pretty much non-existent,” said mom Dezaraye Wilgis, sitting with Scarlett in front of their twinkling Christmas tree in St. Augustine. “Or if you get them through a medical supplier, they’re extremely expensive.” Though major toy-makers have changed with the times and sell dolls with wheelchairs and crutches, those designed to be used by children with severe disabilities are still difficult, if not impossible, to find. Because the toys have to be customized for each child, the cost can skyrocket. This conundrum gave two University of North Florida professors an idea: mix engineering and physical therapy students in a lab with the goal of converting toys from store shelves into custom-made fun for disabled children. The Adaptive Toy Project is now in its third year and has drawn a five-year grant from the National Institutes of Health. It is helping families such as Scarlett’s while giving the students a dose of community service and real-world experience that will stick with them long after graduation. Dr. Alison Cernich, a neuropsychologist and director at the NIH’s Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, said the agency funded the program because it forces students from various fields to collaborate and solve a problem in the community. “This program is getting students in the early phases of their training thinking about ordinary objects, toys, and how to adapt those toys so that children with limitations can use and play with them like children without limitations,” she said. On a recent day, the school’s small lab buzzed with the sound of tools and chatter as students customized cars for their new owners. Chris Martin, an electrical engineering student, had removed the hood of Scarlett’s car, exposing its wires. A large push button replaced the steering, and light sensors mounted underneath the car will allow it to follow a line of tape along the floor whenever Scarlett hits the button. Now, Scarlett’s parents can design routes for the car with tape or use a remote-control mode for family walks. When Martin first met Scarlett’s mother, “she actually cried, and it just made me want to work harder,” Martin said. “I just want to make it as perfect as possible for her.” The cars retail between $250 and $500; the customization makes them worth well over $1,000. The families, about 18 so far, get the cars free. Mary Lundy, a UNF professor of physical therapy who started the Adaptive Toy Project with an engineering colleague, said the students meet with families, and go to therapy appointments and schools. “Engineering students teach the physical therapy students how to modify basic electronics ... and in the process engineers learn how to do people-centered designs, and how to look at their clients differently,” Lundy said. For the kids, it’s also a way to continue important therapies through play. Dr. Peter Rosenbaum, a professor of pediatrics at McMaster University in Canada, said his field is increasingly focusing on “augmented mobility,” to give kids a way to move around so they can be more independent. “We can’t fix them,” Rosenbaum said. “What we can do instead is say, ‘What would a child at this age and stage of development be doing if they didn’t have their impairment? How can we give them those experiences?’ This changes the perspectives of everyone around her, and her perspective of herself.” UNF’s program is one of 60 related toy-car programs for disabled children internationally that are part of the Go Baby Go network, but is the only one that has enlisted students to customize the vehicles for free. After weeks of work, Scarlett finally tested the car Martin and his colleagues built. They strapped her in and showed her how to hit the push button in the toy she would hopefully use for at least three years. The car drove forward, and Scarlett rocked back and forth. Her mother fought back tears, and her father walked alongside her. “For her, she’s going to be able to get out more and not be trapped by a wheelchair ... and for us, it’ll be nice to see her interact with other children. It’s amazing,” Dezaraye said. Other stories of interest GM workers face ‘nature of business’ as layoffs loom Planning commission to consider zone change for Fireline of Youngstown US stocks mostly slip Long-term mortgage rates fall, breaking 9-week rise Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
MENU GO 23 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa more... News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa Driver blinded by sun strikes pedestrian in Franklin by Rex Hodge A driver who hit a pedestrian at a Walmart in Franklin said he didn't see her because of the sun. The 68-year-old woman who was hit is in critical but stable condition. (Photo credit: WLOS staff) VIEW PHOTO GALLERY5 photos AA FRANKLIN, N.C. (WLOS) —  A driver who hit a pedestrian at a Walmart in Franklin said he didn't see her because of the sun. The 68-year-old woman who was hit is in critical but stable condition. The accident happened about 4:30 Thursday afternoon as the sun was low on the horizon. Fire officials said the victim is from Connecticut and is here visiting her sister. They said as she was walking across the parking lot in front of the store, a man was driving west. “The driver of the pickup truck reported that she had just stepped in from of him and he also had the sun in his eyes,” Franklin Fire Department Captain Justin Setser said. The woman was flown to North Georgia Medical Center. Captain Setser said she had head trauma from her fall. The Franklin Police report identifies the woman as 68-year-old Patricia Vankeuren, and the driver as 41-year-old Ronald Parrish of Franklin. The report approximates he was driving 10 miles an hour. So far, there is no indication of any charges. close News In Pictures Possible snow totals increasing; western N.C. could see 4-6 inches, icy roads Winter Storm Warning issued for WNC, Upstate Federal investigation underway in Weaverville Gallery: January 6, 2017 Snow Trending 1   Possible snow totals increasing; western N.C. could see 4-6 inches, icy roads 2   Federal investigation underway in Weaverville 3   Why we buy milk, bread and toilet paper when it snows 4   Homeland Security investigation in Weaverville continues with few answers 5   Winter Storm Warning issued for WNC, Upstate DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with WLOS Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO LOADING ShareTweet × Trending 1 Possible snow totals increasing; western N.C. could see 4-6 inches, icy roads 2 Federal investigation underway in Weaverville 3 Why we buy milk, bread and toilet paper when it snows 4 Homeland Security investigation in Weaverville continues with few answers 5 Winter Storm Warning issued for WNC, Upstate 6 Second round of snow expected Friday evening 7 Trooper saves the life of a small child: 'I said, Lord, I need your help' 8 Suspect traveled with gun in checked bag before killing 5 at Fort Lauderdale airport 9 Crews already working to make sure roads are safe for travel during the storm 10 Raid on Marion home leads to five suspects, drugs and guns
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com What time does Target close on Christmas Eve? Dec. 24 hours By  Leada Gore | lgore@al.com AL.com Email the author Follow on Twitter on December 23, 2016 at 6:59 PM, updated December 23, 2016 at 9:25 PM Print Email Target stores will stay open until at least 10 p.m. on Christmas Eve. Some stores will be open until 11 p.m.Leada Gore | lgore@al.com  Still trying to finish your Christmas list? If so, you can shop late at Target. Target stores will open open at 7 a.m. on Christmas Eve (Dec. 24) and remain open until 10 p.m. The store is closed on Christmas but will reopen on Dec. 26 at 7 a.m. and remain open until 11 p.m. (Check your local store for exact time - some locations are closing at 10 p.m.) Target's closing time is much later than its largest competition, Walmart, which announced it would shut down at 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve - two hours earlier than the previous year. Walmart said the earlier closing was designed to allow employees spend more time with their families. Minneapolis-based Target's later hours may may it the choice for the very-last-minute shoppers. For those who still haven't decided what they are going to buy, Target is offering its Wonderlist Gift Guide where you browse gift ideas curated by personality types. Most Christmas items are discounted by at least 30 percent - some at 50 percent - and Target REDcard holders will save an extra 5 percent on their purchases. Some of Target's deals include: Apple Watch Series 1 starting at $199.99 Save $5 when you spend $25 on holiday wrap and cards (Coupon available in ad or by texting GIFT to 827438) Stocking stuffer candy 5 for $5 Vizio 32 inch LED TV, $149.99 (regularly $169.99) JBL Flip III Splashproof Bluetooth Speaker - $79.99 (regularly $99.99) iPad Mini 2 - Starting at $199.99 Retro video game consoles - $49.99 20 percent off select LEGO sets 15 percent off VTech Enchanted Princess Palace Crayola gifts buy one, get one 50 percent off Don't need your item by Christmas? No worries. Target said it will continue to offer free shipping on all digital orders placed through Jan. 1, 2017. About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Login Profile Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Contact Us About Us Advertise Past Issues !!Date!! Browse Archives     Front Page Local Region Nation Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Community Lifestyles Classifieds Subscribe Front Page News Local Region Nation Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Community Lifestyles Classifieds Subscribe   Other Publications   Argus Champion Message for the Week 2016-12-24 / Local Tweet Print City councilor donates toys following collection site burglary By TORY JONES toryb@eagletimes.com Scott Colby, a U.S. Marine and Wal-Mart employee in Claremont, left, helps Claremont City Councilor Nick Koloski, right, and Claremont Parks and Recreation Director Mark Brislin, center, load three shopping carts full of toys Koloski donated to the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve’s Toys for Tots program on Friday, Dec. 23 after learning of a burglary in Vermont. Colby has taken part in the collection program in Claremont throughout this year’s season. — TORY JONESCLAREMONT — A Claremont city councilor and business owner has donated 60 new toys to  U.S. Marine Corps Toys for Tots after hearing of a burglary at a collection site in Pomfret, Vermont. “I have been put in touch with a Marine, and I’m heading over to drop them off now,” Nicholas Koloski said in a phone interview on Friday, Dec. 23.Koloski said he was heading to the Wal-Mart front entrance on Friday afternoon, where U.S. Marines collecting for the nonprofit organization would take the 60 toys and deliver them to the town affected by the theft. He has already spoken to representatives, and said he had the toys ready to deliver at about 1:30 p.m. “They were ecstatic,” he said. The Vermont Department of Public Safety and state police issued a press release on Friday about the forced entry and burglary, in which toys were stolen from a Toys for Tots collection site at the Teago General Store and Pomfret U.S. Post Office. State police from the Royalton barracks responded at about 8:14 a.m. on Thursday, Dec. 22    to a report of a break in at the Pomfret general store, which is north of White River Junction in Windsor County. Initial investigation showed someone had gained entry through one of the front windows, and had stolen items from the store. Further investigation revealed one or several burglars had taken approximately 25-30 unwrapped toys out of the filled Toys for Tots bin inside the store, all according to police. The burglar or burglars also gained access to the attached U.S. Post Office and stole several items, including approximately 20-25 packages waiting to be delivered to community members. The VSP and the U.S. Postal Service are actively working on the investigation. The U.S. Postal Service will also be sending information out to area residents relating to the stolen packages, police said. If anyone has any information regarding these burglaries, they are asked to contact the Vermont State Police Royalton Barracks at (802) 234-9933.   Return to top Login to post comments Click here for digital edition Tweets by eagletimesnh Copyright 2011-2017 Eagle Times, All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Beauty Fashion Health Cookery Insync Home n Garden Pregnancy n Parenting Relationship Spirituality Tools Photos Videos Fashion Store हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home Health Beauty Insync Fashion Cookery Relationship Spirituality Pregnancy n Parenting Home n Garden Fashion Store Photos Videos Socail Share Mail Facebook Twitter gplus Home » Insync » Life »Brutal Incidents That Have Taken Place On American Black Friday! Brutal Incidents That Have Taken Place On American Black Friday! From people getting stamped to death to some getting hospitalised, anything can happen on this day, during the American Black Friday. Check out the brutal incidents that have taken place. By: Syeda Farah Noor Updated: Friday, November 25, 2016, 17:24 [IST] Subscribe to Boldsky After the Thanksgiving day, there is another event that the Americans celebrate and it is called the Black Friday. This makes people go crazy and this day is known as the "Black Friday Sale", as it is a day that marks the beginning of the shopping season in the world.    During this day, there are big sales in all the huge shopping marts and malls. Here, people go crazily insane and just grab any damn thing they can find in their way. Also Read: Brutal Incidents That Have Taken Place On American Black Friday!  Here, in this article, we are about to share some of the videos where people have gone berserk, while entering these malls, causing some of the brutal incidents.   The darkest fact is that there is no guarantee that you would get back home safely if you decide to participate in the event, as there have been many deaths reported every year on the American Black Friday! Also Read: Are There Any Benefits Of Having A Male Boss  Check out these videos... A Man Died At Target! A 61-year-old chemist Walter Vance collapsed on the floor, while everybody kept rushing to grab the deals and loot the mall. Sad part was, he died due to stampede and people did not really bother about him lying down. It was too late when he was taken to the hospital. This incident makes one realise that these events are not for the aged or elderly, as they may not be able to survive these! Unfortunate Incident At Walmart In 2007! This video was shot in 2007 at 5 AM in the morning of a Black Friday. The video shows the way people are crazily rushing inside Walmart. The funny side we can see in this video is, though a woman fell down and her wig was off her head, she made sure she fixed it before getting up! Seriously? Well, we wonder why such a craze! Again At Walmart In 2014! Check out the video as to how people are eagerly waiting at the Walmart gates; and once the gates open, they go crazy and loot the sale. There is hardly any space for a person to step in, as it is all crowded and there is so much chaos. We still question this, Why Americans, Why? Be Careful At Porter Ranch Walmart! If you have been well prepared for the loot, there might be a little ugly surprise, as you can get stabbed or pepper-sprayed in this Walmart, as there was a case of a woman who did this to make her way through the sale! Fight For Just Anything! This video makes us think, "do they really need all that stuff they're grabbing?" Well, this shows that humans are nothing but just sheep, they follow everything blindly and do not realise whether it is right or wrong. After checking out so many videos, we wonder if you could try going to these places on this day or just relax and watch people go berserk.    Leave in your comments and do mention what you'd do on this Black Friday! Read more about: america, facts, world, bizarre Story first published: Friday, November 25, 2016, 12:42 [IST] Other articles published on Nov 25, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Top 10 Health Benefits Of Epsom Salt That You Never Knew What Nobody Told You About Squats Is She Cheating On You? Try This To Figure Out... Featured Posts Subscribe Newsletter Recommended Editor's Choice Weird Similarities Between Americans & Indians Presidents Day â€“ A Remembrance Of Leaders Why Intelligent People Fail The Most? Story Of A Man Who Became A Rapist REALLY? Nobody Falls Ill In This Place! A Woman Who Gets 50 Orgasms Every Day!! Stray Dogs Save Abandoned Newborn Girl Man Who Married A Cobra! + Show More Health, Beauty, Fashion, Relationship, Cookery Now answers to all your lifestyle queries are 2 steps away Receive lifetime benefits of our free newsletter No thanks, I'm better off solving my lifestyle issues myself   Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
CLOSE Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Magazines Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory E-Edition Weather Subscribe Contact Us Free Time Local Directory Magazines Buy Photos Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Magazines Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory Local News Music for the soul: Musician adds to ringing tradition By Magen Kritsch - Dec. 24, 2016 The temperature had dropped below freezing, and shoppers were hurrying in and out of the store to stay warm. Kim Lee was loading her groceries into her vehicle at the Walmart on State Road 135 in the Center Grove area when she heard it: her favorite Christmas carol being played on a brass instrument. The Salvation Army bell ringer was playing “O Holy Night,” on a cornet. 1 of 7 Anthony Arquilla plays his cornet at the Salvation Army donation spot in front of the WalMart in Franklin Anthony Arquilla plays his cornet at the Salvation Army donation spot in front of the WalMart in Franklin Anthony Arquilla plays his cornet at the Salvation Army donation spot in front of the WalMart in Franklin Anthony Arquilla plays his cornet at the Salvation Army donation spot in front of the WalMart in Franklin Anthony Arquilla plays his cornet at the Salvation Army donation spot in front of the WalMart in Franklin Anthony Arquilla thanks donors at the Salvation Army location in front of the WalMart in Franklin Anthony Arquilla thanks donors as he plays his cornet at the Salvation Army donation spot in front of the WalMart in Franklin Lee had donated to The Salvation Army’s Red Kettle Campaign before. But that day, Anthony Arquilla touched her heart playing her favorite song. She went back, stuffed more money into the red kettle and filmed the man that had made her day. “It just stopped me in my tracks,” she said. “The rest of us were grumbling about the temperatures and he just continued to share his gift, to be kind and help others.” For the last four years, Arquilla, 61, has carried his cornet around the county to play Christmas carols at red kettle sites for The Salvation Army. He plays “Silent Night” and “Have a Holly Jolly Christmas” on his cornet, sings the songs and rings the iconic bell to solicit donations from shoppers. The Greenwood resident’s cornet has touched hundreds over the years. Arquilla sees the added touch as a way to honor Jesus and his birth. “Let people remember Jesus is the reason we are celebrating,” he said. About four years ago at the Sam’s Club in Greenwood, he had the idea to brighten shoppers’ day by bringing his cornet to play while he was ringing the bell for donations. He occasionally played his cornet at Monument Circle in downtown Indianapolis, while handing out Bibles to passersby. Christmas carols might just help brighten people’s day, he thought. “Now I play two, maybe three times a week,” Arquilla said. Salvation Army volunteers that were part of the Christmas red kettle campaign traditionally played brass instruments, and ringing the bell was a back up plan for volunteers, said Charles Kennedy, kettle coordinator for Johnson County. Bit by bit over the years, brass instruments fell out of use during the campaign and the bells took center stage for volunteers. What Arquilla offers is a slice of nostalgia, Kennedy said. No matter the weather or the temperature, Kennedy can count on a full bucket from Arquilla and his cornet, he said. Kennedy routinely puts Arquilla at some of the busiest sites in the county, because adding some extra zest to the bell ringing can bring in five or six times more donations than just ringing the bell, Kennedy said. “That is why Tony is so great, even in the rain,” he said. “He stands out in the rain and the whole bit.” Arquilla doesn’t mind playing in the wettest or coldest weather. Sometimes his cornet chills to the point that he can’t play all the notes. He rests for a few minutes in the vestibule or wraps his scarf around the instrument to warm it up until it is ready to play again. And the cold doesn’t bother him. The most cold he has to endure is during his eight-hour volunteer shift. Clients of The Salvation Army don’t always have a warm home to return to or a safe place to go, he said. Thinking of those clients is one of the reasons he agreed to ring the bell on his days off from teaching English as a Second Language at the Central Nine Career Center and driving car parts across the county. “I think of it as, well, it is a lot warmer than Antarctica and this is just temporary,” he said. While he is playing the cornet, audiences will swarm around him, Kennedy said. Arquilla plays songs from Christmas hymnals, and often talks to people who are touched that he picked a particular song to play while they were passing by with their shopping. “Sometimes they come up to me in tears because the song means something to them,” Arquilla said. What Arquilla does is a testament to goodness, Lee said. “There stood this man whose dedication to The Salvation Army (was unwavering),” she said. “This man stood there, helping others.” Magen Kritsch Magen Kritsch is an editorial assistant at the Daily Journal. She can be reached at mkritsch@dailyjournal.net or 317-736-2770. STAY CONNECTED 11,530FansLike 3,557FollowersFollow ABOUT USNobody covers Johnson county and the surrounding areas like Daily Journal. Contact us: editorial@dailyjournal.net FOLLOW US © All content copyright Daily Journal, a publication of AIM Media Indiana unless otherwise noted.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, January 06, 2017, 8:08 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Business news in brief This article was published December 24, 2016 at 1:47 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Wal-Mart, charity arm gave $1.4B in '16 This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Italy readies $21B bank rescue package Protests by Uber drivers disrupt Paris City asks Exxon not to build plant there Firm withdraws Iowa power lines bid U.S. allows disposal of nuclear waste Ita... Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Saudis tout budget, project 2017 deficit dip,... 9 fired ex-Whole Foods managers sue Fred's to buy 865 Rite Aids Stocks in holiday lull but edge up Business news in brief News in brief U.S. sues Barclays over role in crisis Tobacco ebbs, so hemp in as crop California idles Uber's robot cars More Business stories > Comments on: Business news in brief To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Obama says he would support repealing health care law if GOP puts forward better plan (9 comments) DANA D. KELLEY: Lose the sore (25 comments) Study: No pause in global warming (36 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: An ignominious start (37 comments) Trump on border wall: Mexico will pay us back (13 comments) 4 suspects in beating of disabled man that was broadcast on Facebook appear in court (4 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 17° Cloudy High: 26° | Low: 6° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Politics Local & State Politics More in Politics Politics Capitol Ticker Blog Sports More in Sports High School Sports Red Sox Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Bruins College Portland Pirates Sea Dogs Maine Red Claws Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community More in Community Celebrations Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Lifestyle Source Source Awards Books Things to Do Sudoku Crossword MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Local Offers More in Local Offers test Obituaries Jobs Auto More in Auto New Cars Index Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers News Posted December 24, 2016 Updated December 25, 2016 increase font size Morning Sentinel Dec. 24 police log Waterville area police reports for Dec. 24, 2016. Share Comment Read Article IN CANAAN, Friday at 10:38 a.m., a theft was reported on Chestnut Street. IN COPLIN PLANTATION, Friday at 1:46 a.m., a traffic accident causing injury was reported on Rangeley Road. IN FARMINGTON, Friday at 3:06 p.m., a traffic accident causing injury was reported on Wilton Road. 10:41 p.m., an assault was reported on Clover Mill Road. IN HARTLAND, Friday at 9:26 a.m., a theft was reported on Commercial Street. IN JAY, Friday at 10:58 a.m., a tree and lines were reported down on Davis Road. 3:44 p.m., a snowmobile fire was reported on Davis Road. 11:50 p.m., a caller from Keep Road requested a person be removed from the premises. IN MADISON, Friday at 11:06 a.m., a theft was reported on Bean Street. IN OAKLAND, Friday at 6:11 a.m., a traffic accident causing injury was reported near Country Club and Webb roads. 2:03 p.m., fireworks were reported at Birch Meadows. 2:58 p.m., a burglary was reported on Paris Street. 4:55 p.m., a theft was reported at Hannaford at JFK Plaza off Kennedy Memorial Drive. 5:03 p.m., a theft was reported at Wal-Mart at Waterville Commons. IN ROME, Saturday at 4:33 a.m., a burglary was reported on North Pond Road. IN SKOWHEGAN, Saturday at 1:10 a.m., a disturbance was reported on Water Street. IN SOLON, Saturday at 1:19 a.m., an intoxicated person was reported on North Main Street. IN TIM POND TOWNSHIP, Saturday at 5:38 a.m., a traffic accident causing injury was reported on The Arnold Trail. IN WATERVILLE, Friday at 8:50 a.m., a disturbance was reported on Abbott Street. 11 a.m., a shoplifter was reported at Wal-Mart at Waterville Commons. A woman was arrested and charged with theft by unauthorized taking or transfer, according to the report. 1:38 p.m., a case involving forgery or fraud was reported on Silvermount Street. 11:30 p.m., a vehicle burglary was reported on Cool Street. A man was arrested and charged with four counts of burglary of a motor vehicle, according to the report. 11:47 p.m., a caller from Hazelwood Avenue reported an unwanted person on the premises. Saturday at 12:35 a.m., a traffic accident causing injury was reported on Chase Avenue. 4:14 a.m., a theft was reported on College Avenue. IN WILTON, Saturday at 5:26 a.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Main Street. 8:12 a.m., a case involving theft or fraud was reported on Stickney Court. IN WINSLOW, Friday at 11:43 a.m., an unwanted person was reported on the premises on Clinton Avenue. ARRESTS IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Friday at 9:05 a.m., James Garnett, 30, of Pittsfield, was arrested and charged with violation of condition of release. 11:18 a.m., Sean Christopher Ludden, 45, of Clinton, was arrested and charged with violation of condition of release. Saturday at 2:42 a.m., Jesse Allen Kwasniewski, 25, of Harmony, was arrested on three warrants and charged with violating condition of release. IN WATERVILLE, Friday at 11:30 a.m., Jenna Porter, 31, of Oakland, was arrested and charged with theft at Wal-Mart at Waterville Commons. Saturday at 12:20 a.m., Eric Thurlow, 35, of Waterville, was arrested on School Street and charged with four counts of burglary of a motor vehicle. 1:17 a.m., Jason Muzerolle, 39, of Waterville, was arrested on Chase Avenue and charged with operating under the influence (refused to take a test) and leaving the scene of an accident. SUMMONSES IN WATERVILLE, Friday at 12:24 p.m., Chase Duguay, 18, of Waterville, was summoned and charged with minor consuming liquor at Waterville Senior High School on Brooklyn Avenue. 10:52 p.m., Justin W. Ratliff, 34, of Waterville, was summoned and charged with operating while license suspended or revoked on Kennedy Memorial Drive. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Recent Read Shared Gardiner hands Nokomis 1st defeat of season Nokomis boys basketball slips by Gardiner Maranacook boys pick up the pace against Freeport Land deal conserves 4,300-acre site near Katahdin Iron Works Maine man loses bid for new trial in killing of informant NTSB says truck damaged track before Amtrak train derailed in Kansas These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Breastfeeding pilots' claims against airline seen as progress N.C. judge scolds woman for breast-feeding in court More mouths than ever to feed at Skowhegan Community Food Cupboard Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Winter storm to bring snow, ice on Saturday Native American writer to lead pipeline protest class at Clark City seeking input on affordable housing fund Airport rehearsal postponed for families of children with autism Sheriff’s detective, addict had affair Church offers shelter from cold Vancouver man pleads to lesser charges, released from prison Vancouver man sentenced in assault Missing man, 72, with dementia found safe ATV crash near Camas injures 2 Native American writer to lead pipeline protest class at Clark When Portland journalist Jacqueline Keeler arrived in North Dakota to write about and participate in protests against the Dakota Access… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Mariners acquire Gallardo from Baltimore for Seth Smith 73 rookies, Ryan, highlight revamped AP All-Pro Team Union boys No. 1 in 4A in WIAA’s first RPI basketball rankings High school scoreboard 1/6 Boys basketball: Kelso 68, Fort Vancouver 45 Boys basketball: Ridgefield 38, Hockinson 26 Boys basketball: Stevenson 54, Castle Rock 44 Boys basketball: Woodland 51, Columbia River 48 Big second quarter sends Prairie boys basketball past Hudson’s Bay Boys basketball: Seton Catholic 80, Columbia-White Salmon 63 Winter recreation safety tip No. 1 Checking the weather forecast is vital, yet often neglected Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Classic car garage proposed in Hearthwood Boeing said close to $10.1 billion order from India carrier SpiceJet How much pot was sold in 2016? A lot Dow nears 20,000; higher wages boost stocks Drone engine maker to set up close to InSitu Big day at Black Rock Coffee U.S. adds 156K jobs; unemployment rate ticks up to 4.7 pct. Mexican Ford plant workers blame Trump for dashed dreams HUB brings its brews to east Vancouver Singletary: Resolve to look at retirement account Drone engine maker to set up close to InSitu Following a $90 million agreement with Boeing’s unmanned aerial vehicle subsidiary InSitu, an Australian company that makes engines for aerial… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Northwest Cable News set to go off air Friday night ‘Hidden Figures’ adds up to fantastic film Sandwiches swell at Tap Union Freehouse New on DVD: ‘Blair Witch’ a poor imitation Debbie Reynolds’ history, in her own words Political pets helped owners’ campaigns, delighted public on social media Angst Gallery male form exhibit takes thoughtful look at taboo Eight little-known tidbits about ‘Match Game’ Resolve to get fit while having fun ‘Better Late Than Never,’ ‘Bosch’ will be back Resolve to get fit while having fun Calories love us more than we love them. Even when we’re ready to call off the affair, they just don’t… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Help Mental Health Robinson: Critics, opponents of Trump part of ‘real America,’ too Letter: Should be seen, not heard Letter: Israeli aggression contemptible Letter: We the unincorporated Letter: Crack down on speed limits Letter: Protect water, reject terminals In Our View: Inevitable, Complex Taxes Parker: Roof seeks acceptance, glory from white supremacists Letter: Do not mess with Medicare Editorial Cartoons, Jan. 1-7 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Everybody Has a Story: At World’s Fair, a striptease show and an awkward question Ridgefield honors students, employee for December Love for Vancouver dog spreads throughout the world Rotary clubs team up to bring kids shopping Vancouver club donates to children’s hospital YWCA program receives national certification Students identify, create new animals in art Shelter volunteers wrap gifts for donations Everybody Has a Story: Truth about father deepens appreciation Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate In Our View: Cheers Christmas spirit alive and well in Clark County; Heritage High healthy place Published: December 24, 2016, 6:03 AM A   A This is, in case you were not aware, Christmas Eve. Which means there is still time for some last-minute shopping. But for the rest of you, for those who plan ahead and have everything prepared for a joyous Christmas celebration, we offer only Cheers and no Jeers; nobody, after all, wants to be subjected to the negativity of Jeers this close to Christmas. That would be positively Scrooge-like of us. Cheers: To the Christmas spirit. The weeks leading up to the holiday annually are rife with stories about charitable acts and the kind of giving that makes this a special time of year. Among our favorites of these stories this year is one about members of the Battle Ground Police Department teaming up with 12 school kids to take them shopping for Christmas gifts. Students, who were nominated by school staff, met with officers at the police station and then rode in patrol cars in a motorcade to the local Wal-Mart. There, the students were provided with $200 each to spend on gifts, money that came from a $2,500 Wal-Mart Community Grant. “These kids are deserving and our officers appreciate the opportunity to further build relationships with the public we serve,” said Bob Richardson, Battle Ground’s police chief. Police departments throughout the region frequently engage in outreach that reminds the public of officers’ desire to enrich their communities. Cheers: To cemetery cleanup. A band of misfits who call themselves The Ancient and Honorable Order of E Clampus Vitus recently braved freezing temperatures to beautify the Old City Cemetery at East Mill Plain and Grand boulevards. Members raked leaves and strung up Christmas lights at the ancient cemetery, with group leader Eric Klein saying, “Today we’re decorating and giving the cemetery a little bit of holiday love.” The cemetery, the resting place of pioneers such as Esther Short and Charles Slocum, dates to around the time of Vancouver’s founding in the mid-1800s. The origins of The Ancient and Honorable Order of E Clampus Vitus predate even that, although the local chapter is not yet officially recognized by the organization. Official status, however, doesn’t matter when there are local citizens willing to contribute to their community. Cheers: To Heritage High School. The school, which is part of Evergreen Public Schools and is located northeast of the Vancouver city limits, has been recognized as one of “America’s Healthiest Schools.” The list, compiled by the Alliance for a Healthier Generation and Kaiser Permanente, honored 328 schools throughout the country for amenities such as the availability of nutritious foods and access to high-quality physical education. Heritage was joined by Mark Morris High School in Longview in being awarded a bronze medal by the organization, making them the only Washington schools to be recognized. As the Alliance for a Healthier Generation notes, about 1 in 3 school children in the United States are obese or overweight, and such students are at risk for future health problems such as diabetes, asthma, and heart failure. By providing healthy options and health education, schools play an important role in addressing this epidemic. Cheers: To Mother Nature. Winter storms have caused havoc for cities throughout the region, but they have been a boon in the mountains. After several years of droughtlike conditions, snowpack in the Northwest is exceeding the historical average. A lack of snowpack in recent years has diminished the water supply during the summer, creating problems for wildlife and economic troubles. The concern this year is that warming temperatures will lead to an early thaw, but for now the situation is more promising than in the past couple years. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2017 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Auto Reviews Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Share Your Photos Photo Contests Social Channels Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Newborn found in trash at Walmart store: report WALMART FILE ART - A newborn infant was found in the trash can at a Walmart in New Roads, La. on Friday (Dec. 23). Authorities say the mother delivered the child inside the store's bathroom. (Bloomberg News by Luke Sharrett) (LUKE SHARRETT) Print Email Littice Bacon-Blood, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune By Littice Bacon-Blood, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune The Times-Picayune Email the author | Follow on Twitter on December 24, 2016 at 10:17 AM, updated December 24, 2016 at 5:47 PM comments A newborn found in a garbage can at a New Roads Walmart store Friday (Dec. 23) is in critical condition, WBRZ television station reports. The mother, who authorities say gave birth in the store's bathroom, was later found in a hospital in Zachary, according to the television station. The baby girl, estimated to be 6 hours old, was found unresponsive by a store employee Friday night around 8, the TV station reports.  Firefighters performed CPR on the infant before she was taken to Pointe Coupe General Hospital, which is reportedly located a couple of hundred yards from the store, according to the news report. Louisiana's Safe Haven law allows parents to leave children 60 days or younger at state-sanctioned "Safe Baby Sites," including hospitals, police stations, fire stations or child advocacy centers with no questions asked. As long as the baby shows no signs of abuse or neglect, the parents will not be prosecuted for abandonment. Read WBRZ News entire story here. follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr special report The New Orleans Gun Pipeline An exploration of the complex, violent ecosystem that keeps New Orleans criminals armed. Follow continuing coverage » Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries 2016 murder count 0 Latest Incident: 2016 map of N.O homicides Active Discussions About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World National World Politics Live Better Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Weather Sponsor Have a great story? Send a tip! 208-528-NEWS Weather Sponsored By Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World Idaho Utah Wyoming Montana National World Politics Live Better Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Living the Wild Life Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Delivery services working right up to Christmas Day Local 0  Updated at 9:55 am, December 24th, 2016 By: Nichole Stanford, EastIdahoNews.com Share This Story We Matched Nichole Stanford, EastIdahoNews.com REXBURG — Having packages delivered right to your door has become a huge part of holiday shopping. With retailers like Amazon and Walmart offering free shipping, many shoppers in eastern Idaho are taking advantage of online shopping. That is where Leon Moser and his big white FedEx truck comes into play. Moser is a FedEx contractor, who operates six routes in the Upper Valley. During the holiday season, each of his drivers routinely makes between 70 to 100 stops, delivering more than 200 packages a day. “Terminal wide, we are delivering 3,800 to 4,000 packages a day,” Moser said. Working 12 to 13 hours a day has kept Moser’s routes caught up this year, but he is looking forward to getting a little bit of a break on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. The drivers who deliver the express packages won’t be so lucky. “The business routes are starting to slow down a little right now, but the express drivers packages are just starting to pick up from all of the last minute shoppers” Moser said. “This time of year we get to bring the good stuff. We deliver the packages and people are excited to see us,” Moser said. Moser has worked for more than 25 years delivering packages and has been amazed at the growth in his business the last few years. What would have taken one truck all the deliveries when he started, is now equivalent to three full-time routes year-round. And it isn’t just packages anymore. With the ability for people to buy groceries on line, Moser said they deliver just about anything. “We deliver to some people almost daily and some at least weekly. Some people are addicted to Amazon and others order their groceries and have them delivered through us,” Moser said. “We get to be good friends with most of our customers.” Moser did give a little bit of advice to ensure your packages arrive on time. “Make sure your house number is visible on the outside of your house, and if your house is black, don’t use black letters. Also order early. Everyone knows that we get hammered this time of year, so planning ahead helps,” Moser said. “And if we do make a mistake, call the customer service hotline. They will call us and we can usually figure out what happened, if we mixed up some numbers and just delivered it by accident to the wrong house.” NEVER MISS A STORY! CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FREE EASTIDAHONEWS.COM APP Nichole Stanford, EastIdahoNews.com Visit Stories Stories You May Be Interested In: Rigby men enter Alford plea in cattle theft, rebranding case 28 Dec 2016 Stephan Rockefeller, EastIdahoNews.com Pocatello couple arrested on felony and misdemeanor charges 28 Dec 2016 Natalia Hepworth, EastIdahoNews.com FEEL GOOD FRIDAY: A hidden camera surprise for these local cops 6 Jan 2017 Nate Eaton, EastIdahoNews.com Mother responsible for toddler’s meth overdose sent to prison 4 Jan 2017 Stephan Rockefeller, EastIdahoNews.com Images in the news Related Stories   Idaho Falls Police searching for man who robbed store at gunpoint Footprints lead Idaho Falls police to car theft suspect Pair arraigned on prostitution-related charges Update: Occupants safe in Madison County house fire Fort Hall man convicted of second-degree murder Teen slides off icy county road; neighbors concerned about upkeep Have a tip? We want to hear it!Local news comes from local people! Tell us what’s going on in your area! Send a tip ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US JOBS OUR TEAM OUR ETHICS OUR PARTNERS TERMS OF USE COPYRIGHT CLAIM PROCEDURE PRIVACY STATEMENT © 2017, EastIdahoNews.com
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH World Americas  • U.S. •  Europe U.K. Asia-Pacific India Australia Africa Middle East One News Page > US > Is Walmart open today? On Christmas Eve? Christmas Day? What are holiday hours for Walmart? Is Walmart open today? On Christmas Eve? Christmas Day? What are holiday hours for Walmart? Saturday, 24 December 2016 (2 weeks ago) Wondering what time Walmart will close over the Christmas 2016 holidays and if the store is open? That's tricky. Walmart hours are different for Christmas Eve, Christmas Day and the day after Christmas, one of the biggest shopping days of the years as shoppers seek deals, discounts and coupons. Here's a closer look if you're asking, "Is Walmart open today?" » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: KFDX - 2 weeks ago< > Embed Christmas Eve Candlelight Service in Holiday Christmas Eve Candlelight Service in Holiday You Might Like Recent related news Schnucks Hours Today: Is Schnucks Open on New Year’s Eve? New Year’s Day?Christmas may be over but there’s still one more special occasion to celebrate in 2016! New Year’s Eve is finally here and families everywhere are heading to... Earn The Necklace 1 week ago - EntertainmentAlso reported by •NJ.com Twin sisters from Devon celebrate Christmas babiesBBC Local News: Devon -- Twin sisters are celebrating the birth of their babies within hours of each other on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. BBC Local News 1 week ago - UK MCC support homeless at Clock Tower on Xmas EveWith hot drinks, music and Christmas gifts, the Metropolitan Community Church (MCC) Brighton shared its Christmas message with the homeless of Brighton & Hove on... GScene 6 days ago - LifestyleAlso reported by •Earn The Necklace Is Walmart open today? New Year's Eve, New Year's Day and Jan. 2, 2017 holiday store hours, dealsHere are Walmart store hours and specials for the New Year's Day weekend, Saturday, Dec. 31, 2016 through Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, which is a federal holiday. Use... NJ.com 1 week ago - USAlso reported by •Earn The Necklace New Years Day, Eve Hours: Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Costco, Kmart, Kroger & PublixBoth Walmart and Target are open on New Year’s Day and New Year’s Eve—also on Monday, which is considered a federal holiday. Before going out, check... Epoch Times 6 days ago - USAlso reported by •NJ.com Arson investigation launched into Robin Hood pub Christmas fires...The fire that destroyed a popular pub on Christmas Day morning was started deliberately, the fire service's official investigation has confirmed. Two blazes... Burton Mail 10 hours ago - UK Other recent news in US Florida Gov. Scott Says He Called Trump, But Not Obama, After Fort LAUDERDALE AIRPORT Shooting FORT LAUDERDALE airport shooting witness says gunman was not trying to leave SeaWorld: TILIKUM, Orca That Killed Trainer, Has Died Reports: Speculation Hillary Clinton Could Run for NEW YORK CITY Mayor Mounts 5 Dead, 8 Wounded in Shooting at FLORIDA Airport, Suspect in Custody MICHELLE OBAMA: 'Lead by example, with hope never fear' Trump: MEXICO Will Totally Pay Us Back For Our 'Great Wall' Someday, You'll See This WEEKEND Is All About Chilaquiles Breakfast Tacos & Bottomless Mimosas 'I hope I've made you proud.' FIRST LADY Michelle Obama chokes up during final speech WINTER STORM: South Braces for Snow, Sleet and Freezing Rain Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Michelle Obama Vladimir Putin Carrie Fisher Current Topics Fort Lauderdale Florida Multiple People Final Speech Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Is Nintendo Teaming Up With Nickelodeon? Are You Ready To Tune In.. To Nigel Farage? Has This Disney Director Just Confirmed That Elsa And Anna Have a Secret Brother..? Is It Apple's Time To Face The Music? New Lawsuit Places Firm In Hot Water The UK Just Lost Its Top Brexit Negotiator MOVIE REVIEW: Passengers Coming Soon - A Brief Look AT 2017's Biggest Movies New Year's Honours List: Olympic Stars Celebrated Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1802 comments Featured Guns Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 2:42 PM 12/27/2016 Gun Test: Honor Defense Honor Guard Pistol 9:20 AM 12/26/2016 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 Pistol 3:13 PM 12/07/2016 Gun Test: Sig Sauer P238 10:28 AM 12/01/2016 Gun Tests: Les Baer’s Black Baer 9mm & Boss .45 ACP 10:44 AM 11/30/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCR .327 Federal Magnum 3:13 PM 11/28/2016 Gun Test: Arex Rex Zero 1S Pistol 10:16 AM 11/23/2016 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Handgun 4:22 PM 11/18/2016 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Woman arrested after allegedly leaving 6-hour-old infant in tras - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Woman arrested after allegedly leaving 6-hour-old infant in trash can in New Roads Walmart Posted: Friday, December 23, 2016 10:21 PM EST Updated: Tuesday, December 27, 2016 4:53 PM EST By Rachael Thomas, Digital Content Producer Email Connect rachaelthomas@wafb.com Kyandrea Thomas (Source: EBRSO) Source: WAFB Source: WAFB NEW ROADS, LA (WAFB) - Officials have identified and arrested a woman who allegedly gave birth and left an infant in a trash can at the Walmart in New Roads. According to the Pointe Coupee Parish Sheriff's Office, Kyandrea Thomas, 34, was arrested by New Roads Police Department shortly after noon on December 24. She is charged with attempted second degree murder. Thomas was also arrested in 2009 on a negligent homicide charge after leaving a young child in a hot car. Officials say they believe Thomas gave birth to the baby in the store and proceeded to throw the infant in the trash. She later checked herself into Lane Regional Medical Center, where she was later discharged and taken into custody immediately. According to NRPD, the infant may have been found by a Walmart employee. Chief Deputy Joe Gannon with the Pointe Coupee Parish Coroner's Office says the baby was approximately 4 to 6 hours old when found. The baby was unresponsive at first, but medical personnel were able to stabilize the baby at the hospital. Officials are temporarily calling the baby girl Olivia. The baby was initially taken to Pointe Coupee General Hospital for treatment and was then transferred to Our Lady of the Lake in Baton Rouge via Air Med flight. According to EMS, the baby is currently in stable condition. On Tuesday morning, Thomas was transferred from the East Baton Rouge Parish Prison to the Pointe Coupee Parish Jail. She is currently incarcerated there awaiting a bond hearing. Copyright 2016 WAFB. All rights reserved. Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> weather Sleet, freezing rain reported in north metro Atlanta Winter storm warning in Atlanta to start at 4 p.m. Friday Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:42 PM EST2017-01-07 00:42:53 GMT As temperatures continue to cool, sleet and freezing rain is now being reported in north metro Atlanta, as far south as Alpharetta and north Fulton County. More > As temperatures continue to cool, sleet and freezing rain is now being reported in north metro Atlanta, as far south as Alpharetta and north Fulton County.More > Popular Atlanta chef found dead Popular Atlanta chef found dead Updated: Wednesday, January 4 2017 11:59 PM EST2017-01-05 04:59:58 GMT Flowers lay at the door of 8ARM Restaurant on Ponce de Leon in memory of a chef gone too soon. More > Flowers lay at the door of 8ARM Restaurant on Ponce de Leon in memory of a chef gone too soon.More > Georgia counties with the highest percentage of residents receiving public assistance Georgia counties with the highest percentage of residents receiving public assistance Updated: Monday, January 2 2017 11:56 AM EST2017-01-02 16:56:24 GMT Source: MGN Online Although the U.S. economy is continuing to improve, many people are still having a tough time recovering from the recession. Take a look at the counties in Georgia with the highest percentage of resident receiving public assistance. More > Although the U.S. economy is continuing to improve, many people are still having a tough time recovering from the recession. Take a look at the counties in Georgia with the highest percentage of resident receiving public assistance.More > News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Del Taco helps local family pay it forward Saturday Dec 24, 2016 at 12:43 PM Dec 24, 2016 at 12:43 PM Rene Ray De La Cruz Staff Writer @DP_ReneDeLaCruz APPLE VALLEY — Good Samaritan Seth Burrell said his family were in joyous shock when Del Taco officials decided to help them “pay if forward” as the family prepares to feed the homeless on Christmas Day. Burrell said Del Taco officials gave his family $100 in restaurant gift cards after the Irvine-based company read the Daily Press’ story “Pay it Forward,” which detailed how a total stranger paid for Christmas toys at the Apple Valley Wal-Mart when the Burrells came up short. During the exchange at Wal-Mart earlier this month, the stranger told Burrell to continue being humble and to “pay it forward” because, "You never know when you might need it again." “Jackie Lytle (field marketing manager) at Del Taco headquarters told me the company wanted to help us feed the homeless on Christmas Day,” Burrell, 29, said. “I was totally speechless and in shock after I spoke to her and she said they were going to give us $100 in gift cards.” Every Christmas Day, for the last nine years, the Burrell family have distributed Del Taco food and personal items to the homeless through the High Desert, the Daily Press reported. Burrell said his wife, Sandy, didn’t believe him when he delivered the "Del Taco good news," adding his entire family went into “wow mode” once the truth sunk in. According to Burrell, his 8-year-old daughter, Marissa, was “beyond excited” to find out that the family will be armed with $100 worth of Del Taco to “feed hungry bellies” this weekend. “You know Marissa, she was so excited,”Burrell said. “My other kids were excited, but they also said, ‘Let’s get a milkshake.’” Burrell said Christmas Day plans for his family include enjoying Christmas dinner, visiting family members throughout the High Desert and handing out the gift cards and warm clothing to the homeless in Apple Valley and Victorville. “It says a lot when a big restaurant chain reaches out to a family that wants to help others,” Burrell said. “We want to thank Jackie and her colleagues at Del Taco, and we want to wish everyone a Merry Christmas.” Rene Ray De La Cruz may be reached at 760-951-6227, RDeLa Cruz@VVDailyPress.com or on Twitter @DP_ReneDeLaCruz. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Winter storm to bring snow, ice on Saturday Native American writer to lead pipeline protest class at Clark City seeking input on affordable housing fund Airport rehearsal postponed for families of children with autism Sheriff’s detective, addict had affair Church offers shelter from cold Vancouver man pleads to lesser charges, released from prison Vancouver man sentenced in assault Missing man, 72, with dementia found safe ATV crash near Camas injures 2 Native American writer to lead pipeline protest class at Clark When Portland journalist Jacqueline Keeler arrived in North Dakota to write about and participate in protests against the Dakota Access… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Mariners acquire Gallardo from Baltimore for Seth Smith 73 rookies, Ryan, highlight revamped AP All-Pro Team Union boys No. 1 in 4A in WIAA’s first RPI basketball rankings High school scoreboard 1/6 Boys basketball: Kelso 68, Fort Vancouver 45 Boys basketball: Ridgefield 38, Hockinson 26 Boys basketball: Stevenson 54, Castle Rock 44 Boys basketball: Woodland 51, Columbia River 48 Big second quarter sends Prairie boys basketball past Hudson’s Bay Boys basketball: Seton Catholic 80, Columbia-White Salmon 63 Winter recreation safety tip No. 1 Checking the weather forecast is vital, yet often neglected Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Classic car garage proposed in Hearthwood Boeing said close to $10.1 billion order from India carrier SpiceJet How much pot was sold in 2016? A lot Dow nears 20,000; higher wages boost stocks Drone engine maker to set up close to InSitu Big day at Black Rock Coffee U.S. adds 156K jobs; unemployment rate ticks up to 4.7 pct. Mexican Ford plant workers blame Trump for dashed dreams HUB brings its brews to east Vancouver Singletary: Resolve to look at retirement account Drone engine maker to set up close to InSitu Following a $90 million agreement with Boeing’s unmanned aerial vehicle subsidiary InSitu, an Australian company that makes engines for aerial… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Northwest Cable News set to go off air Friday night ‘Hidden Figures’ adds up to fantastic film Sandwiches swell at Tap Union Freehouse New on DVD: ‘Blair Witch’ a poor imitation Debbie Reynolds’ history, in her own words Political pets helped owners’ campaigns, delighted public on social media Angst Gallery male form exhibit takes thoughtful look at taboo Eight little-known tidbits about ‘Match Game’ Resolve to get fit while having fun ‘Better Late Than Never,’ ‘Bosch’ will be back Resolve to get fit while having fun Calories love us more than we love them. Even when we’re ready to call off the affair, they just don’t… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Help Mental Health Robinson: Critics, opponents of Trump part of ‘real America,’ too Letter: Should be seen, not heard Letter: Israeli aggression contemptible Letter: We the unincorporated Letter: Crack down on speed limits Letter: Protect water, reject terminals In Our View: Inevitable, Complex Taxes Parker: Roof seeks acceptance, glory from white supremacists Letter: Do not mess with Medicare Editorial Cartoons, Jan. 1-7 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Everybody Has a Story: At World’s Fair, a striptease show and an awkward question Ridgefield honors students, employee for December Love for Vancouver dog spreads throughout the world Rotary clubs team up to bring kids shopping Vancouver club donates to children’s hospital YWCA program receives national certification Students identify, create new animals in art Shelter volunteers wrap gifts for donations Everybody Has a Story: Truth about father deepens appreciation Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Woman gave birth inside a Wal-Mart bathroom and dumped the infant in the trash, police say By Kristine Guerra, The Washington Post Published: December 24, 2016, 4:04 PM A   A Police in rural Louisiana say a Wal-Mart employee found a baby girl in a bathroom a few hours after the infant’s mother gave birth to her and dumped her in a trash can. The infant was only about 4 hours old when an employee at aWal-Mart Supercenter in the city of New Roads in Pointe Coupee Parish found her just after 7 p.m. on Friday, Lt. Shael Stringer of the New Roads Police Department told The Washington Post. The mother, a woman in her 30s, was found shortly after. Stringer said aWal-Mart employee saw the woman in the bathroom at about 3 p.m. that day and noticed that she was bleeding heavily. The woman told the employee that she was having some trouble with her menstrual cycle. At that point, police said, the employee gave the woman some paper towels and waited outside the bathroom stall, not knowing that the woman was giving birth inside. The woman wrapped the newborn girl, placed her in the trash can and left. About 4 1/2 hours later, another employee who was emptying the trash can noticed that it was relatively heavy, Stringer said. The employee placed the trash bag on the floor and found the infant, who was discolored and wasn’t breathing. The baby was revived at the scene and was taken to a hospital less than a mile away, Stringer said. The infant, who is now in stable condition, was later taken to a hospital in Baton Rouge. “Had it been just a little bit longer, the possibility of resuscitation probably wouldn’t have happened,” Stringer said. Investigators found the woman, who had been taken to another hospital in a nearby town Friday night because of complications from giving birth. Police expect to arrest the woman after she is discharged from the hospital, Stringer said. She could be charged with attempted second-degree murder. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ט' טבת תשע"ז   |   Friday, January 6, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Technology Amazon Getting Bigger Slice of Online Spending Pie, Data Suggest Amazon Getting Bigger Slice of Online Spending Pie, Data Suggest Sunday, December 25, 2016 at 5:51 pm | כ"ה כסלו תשע"ז SEATTLE (The Seattle Times/TNS) - Amazon has seen its already dominant share of online shopping rise in the walk-up to the final days of the year-end shopping season, says e-commerce consultancy Slice Intelligence. Data gathered by the consultancy indicated that 46 percent of online spending during the week ending Dec. 17 went to Amazon, up from 42.3 percent the previous week. That’s way more than any other retailer selling online, according to Slice. The runner-up was Best Buy, which accounted for 2.9 percent of online spending. Amazon’s nemesis Wal-Mart came up third, with 2.6 percent. The average Amazon order was $67. Slice Intelligence says it mines data from email receipts from hundreds of thousands of retailers and also tracks a large panel of online shoppers. The company also tracked how quickly packages land on customers’ doorsteps. The average package from sellers took three days to deliver versus five days last year. That’s despite what carriers say are record shipments. Experts have said that since the beginning of the critical year-end shopping season, shipments are up 12 percent. The Slice numbers show a couple of things. First, more aggressive online retail efforts by competitors don’t seem to have eroded Amazon’s dominance. Also, the logistics problems that have frustrated year-end shoppers in recent years seem to have been kept in check due to massive investment by Amazon and by third-party carriers such as FedEx and UPS. Filed under: Amazon, Online, Shopping Print Email Gmail Related Analysts Point to Amazon.com as Online-Sales Winner Online Sales Up 14 Percent During Year-End Shopping Season Cyber Monday Was Biggest Online Shopping Day Ever, Data Firm Says Online Shopping Grows, With Some Growing Pains Amazon Posts Record Year-End Sales, But Offers Few Details More in Technology Dreaded ‘Stomach Flu’ Wreaking Havoc on Families – And It’s Only Going to Get Worse Saudi Accepts Four Guantanamo Captives; Prison Now Holds 55 Tips for Giving Babies Peanut-Based Foods to Prevent Allergy New Advice: Peanuts in Baby’s Diet Can Prevent Scary Allergy Israel Harnessing Sunshine With World’s Tallest Solar Tower OP-ED Without A Sigh Three Unpopular Parts of Obamacare Should Stay Reagan’s Lesson to Trump: Listen to the Lawyers Freedom of Religion Wins Out in Bernards Township The Call of the Kosel Original Women of the Wall Call to End Prayer at the Wall Acknowledging Realities Loss and Legacy Obama’s Final, Most Shameful, Legacy Moment Are Resolutions About Resolve? A Dream Deferred, a Dream Realized Hacking Democratic Rules Isn’t Good Government Don’t Write Democracy Off Just Yet Medical Trainees Need Their Sleep Features Don’t Blame Others! Constructive Criticism Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav This Day In History 8 Teves/January 6 אלוקים חשבה לטובה Residence Menu Editorial Cartoon – January 6, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 8 Teves/January 6 Sudoku – January 6, 2017 Sudoku – January 5, 2017 This Day In History 7 Teves/January 5 Nichum Aveilim 7 Teves/January 5 Slow Down I Went Overboard Policing My Kids’ Weather » Brooklyn 29°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,521.06 +33.12 (+0.60%) S&P 500 2,276.98 +7.98 (+0.35%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9492 GBP 0.8138 ILS 3.8460 CHF 1.0178 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Soccer Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 11° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 7F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 6, 2017 @ 5:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Close 1 of 2 The Associated Press In this Nov. 25, 2016, file photo, Maddy, left, and her friend Maggie, sit with their shopping bags at Union Square in San Francisco. The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent. The shift is in part because people are spreading out their shopping all year, demanding big discounts and spending more on events rather than more stuff. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) The Associated Press In this Nov. 25, 2016, file photo, Maddy, left, and her friend Maggie, sit with their shopping bags at Union Square in San Francisco. The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent. The shift is in part because people are spreading out their shopping all year, demanding big discounts and spending more on events rather than more stuff. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power By Anne D'Innocenzio • AP Retail Writer Dec 25, 2016 (…) The Associated Press In this Nov. 25, 2016, file photo, Maddy, left, and her friend Maggie, sit with their shopping bags at Union Square in San Francisco. The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent. The shift is in part because people are spreading out their shopping all year, demanding big discounts and spending more on events rather than more stuff. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) The Associated Press In this Nov. 25, 2016, file photo, Maddy, left, and her friend Maggie, sit with their shopping bags at Union Square in San Francisco. The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent. The shift is in part because people are spreading out their shopping all year, demanding big discounts and spending more on events rather than more stuff. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) NEW YORK  •  The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it'll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early '80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-'90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. "There was a mindset even before online shopping," said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. "But this just accelerated it." In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. "I'm pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV," Terry Kreft, 38, said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called "Black Friday" and "Cyber Monday." "I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling," Kreft said. But a late rush isn't expected to make up the difference. "It's no longer a seasonal business," said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. "It's a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season — and all year long." Here's what's behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON'T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS: Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. "People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for," said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISOUNTING: With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won't break the habit. Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring Who's hired? Check our People in Business What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog "The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items," said Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track. "Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales." One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren't booked as sales until they're redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 percent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 percent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy's have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 percent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 percent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 percent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. ___ Associated Press writer Bruce Shipkowski in Brick, N.J. contributed to this report. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Business General News Holiday Shopping Online Shopping Personal Spending Personal Finance Financial Performance Corporate News Shopping Lifestyle Holidays Occasions Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Retail And Wholesale Sector Performance Economy Shopper Commerce Economics View (…) comments Most popular Kmart closing stores in St. Louis, Alton and Granite City Infomercial sensation 'My Pillow' flunks out of Better Business Bureau Four St. Louis projects win nearly $51 million in TIF support St. Louis to get new nonstop flight to Charleston, S.C. Ford cancels $1.6 billion Mexican plant, will invest $700 million in Michigan factory Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section J.C. Penney holiday sales fell 0.8 percent, shares slide Apartments, parking garage out of next Cortex growth spurt Boosted by Apple, Wall Street parties like it's 19,999 The Limited closing all stores across the U.S. Boeing's 2016 orders lowest since 2010, deliveries hit target Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Find the dream job you are looking for Get your Blues gear from the Post-Dispatch Store! See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Fine Art: Hey There Tank Girl Obi-Wan Kenobi And Darth Maul Are Getting A Rematch on Star Wars Rebels Valiant's Ancient Roman Sensation Britannia Will Return For A New Comic Series Enjoy This Han Solo Fan Film While You Wait For The Next Star Wars Spinoff Esports Dota 2 Player Compiles 4000-Word List Of Bugs After Huge Patch Formula E Considers Its Own Esports League For Sim Racing Pokemon Sun And Moon's Wicke Got Modded Into Smash Bros The Best Esports Plays Of 2016 Xbox Smite Gets Celtic Gods And Another New Game Mass Effect: Andromeda Gets A Release Date A Friend Convinced Me To Shut Up And Enjoy Halo 3 Battlefield 1's Christmas Truce Didn't Quite Come Together PlayStation Let It Die's End Of Level Replays Are Great California Has Become An Unstoppable Force In Let It Die's Multiplayer YouTuber Beats Final Fantasy 15 At Level One With No Items Adventure Game Rime Now Coming To PS4, Xbox, PC And Switch Nintendo Super Mario Adventure: The Kotaku Review Pokemon Based On Inanimate Objects, Ranked Damn, Look At These Super Nintendo Sneakers Porn DVD In Splatoon Box Ruins Little Girl's Christmas PC December Saw Campo Santo's Firewatch Hit One Million Copies Sold Get XCOM 2 For $17 From Humble Bundle Overwatch Players Are Already Salty About Roadhog's New Hook Acer's New Monitor Comes With Eye Tracking Mobile Ariana Grande Final Fantasy Remix Is Weird, But Not Bad Mega Man's New Mobile Ports Are Garbage Ariana Grande Is In A Final Fantasy Game The Adorable Story Of How Pokémon Go Helped Rescue A Kitten In Real Life Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn How To Code Conan's 'Clueless Gamer' Could Get Its Own TV Show Two Google Homes Argue For Hours Before Getting Married Talk Amongst Yourselves Retro How The Nintendo Zapper Light Gun Actually Works The Japanese Predecessor To E.V.O.: Search For Eden Now Has A Full English Translation Sex Programs Have Come A Long Way Since 1986 [NSFW] ScribbleTaku Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Conan's 'Clueless Gamer' Could Get Its Own TV Show Two Google Homes Argue For Hours Before Getting Married Valiant's Ancient Roman Sensation Britannia Will Return For A New Comic Series Mega Man's New Mobile Ports Are Garbage I Kept Playing: The Costs Of My Gaming Addiction Mike Fahey Dec 26, 2016, 6:00am ⋅ Filed to:  everquest feature gaming addiction original Share "I hated level 40," she said with a sigh. It was the first time we'd spoken in eight years, and she had never forgotten the night I spurned her advances in favour of gaining a level in EverQuest. During the course of my tenure at Kotaku I've referenced my days in EverQuest on many occasions, but I've never elaborated on what went down back then. Recent events in my life have brought that period to the fore, and I've decided to share my experience with our readers. In November of 2000, my life was going well. I had a lovely girlfriend, a serviceable vehicle, and a job that paid more than enough for me to survive while catering to my increasingly expensive video game habit. Within four months, it would all be gone. At the time I was sharing an apartment with a friend of mine named Dustin. Dustin was a great guy, but he spent his entire downtime sitting in front of his computer, playing a video game called EverQuest. I had encountered the game before, having participated in the beta for Sony Online Entertainment's massively popular multiplayer game, but once the game went live I lost interest. I just couldn't see myself paying a monthly fee just to play a computer game. Oh, how things have changed. Having nothing much else to do at the time, I'd sit and watch Dustin play. He'd explain what his Monk character was doing in the game. I was a spectator as he progressed, learning to feign death, earning new weapons, and taking on greater challenges as he got closer and closer to the level cap. So when I wasn't spending time with my girlfriend, Emily, I would watch Dustin play. Or I would tool around on various text-based MUSHes and MOOs online, role-playing with people all over the world. I'd been into science fiction, fantasy, and comic books since I was very young, so slipping into an imaginary world came easy to me. Perhaps a little too easy. Towards the end of 2000, Emily and I broke up. The reasoning behind this is far too stupid to delve into… let's just say we were both young and a bit foolish. I became depressed, and Dustin had just the thing to cheer me up. The Scars of Velious expansion for EverQuest came out in December of 2000. My roommate, perhaps tired of my moping over my lost love, picked up a copy of the game for me as a Christmas present. I installed it, created a half-elven Bard, and soon our apartment had two guys in the living room at all hours of the day, faces bathed in the glow of monitors. Within a week, the game that hadn't affected me at all nearly two years previously had become an important part of my life. Soon, it would become my life. If I wasn't asleep or at work, I was playing EverQuest. The former was becoming a rarity. I would go into work, and I would still hear the sounds of EverQuest orcs in my head. All I had to do was close my eyes and I was speeding through the Greater Faydark zone, killing pixies and turning in quest items. In January of 2001, a man with a tow truck came to my place of employment and took my car away. I had fallen behind on payments without realising it, and Nissan had decided they wanted my Sentra back. My first thought as I watched the tow truck drive away was how many hours walking to and from work would take from my EverQuest time. I worked at a company called FranchiseOpportunities.com, maintaining and creating websites, but increasingly my time there was spent either communicating with my EverQuest friends or browsing websites for tips on the best equipment and techniques for grinding experience points and gold. It was impossible for my co-workers not to notice. In February of 2001, Joseph Lunsford, the owner of the company, called me into his office. "It wasn't an easy decision," Lunsford told me this month when I went to see him and talk to him about the person I used to be. "You were was amazingly bright. I was convinced there wasn't anything you couldn't do. You showed so much promise, but your interest in work just fell off. Projects started taking longer to get done, and it was obvious your head wasn't in it. You left me no choice." I was in tears back then. I felt unbelievably pathetic. I had no car. I had no job. Joe had handed me my last paycheck and about $US120 he had in his wallet, and sent me on my way. I took a taxi home, broke the news to my roommates (we had moved into a three-bedroom to split the bills three ways), went into my bedroom, started up EverQuest, and forgot about everything. According to Dr. Hilarie Cash, the executive director of the reSTART internet and gaming addition recovery program and co-author of the book "Video Games & Your Kids: How Parents Stay in Control," retreating inside a video game to avoid real world problems is a common cause of "video game addiction." "I would definitely call it video game addiction, which is a subset of internet addiction. Many of the things [you]described to me are typical of a video game addict, particularly the way that real life shrinks away for the addict, living more and more in the virtual world." And that's exactly what I was doing. I had been a confident and outgoing young man who enjoyed hanging out with my friends, spending hours chatting about absolutely nothing while smoking cigarettes and drinking countless cups of Waffle House Coffee. Now my social dealings involved helping online friends camp a rare monster spawn, or discussing class balance on my guild's chat channel. Going outside was only necessary when I ran out of smokes or beverages. I lived off $.30 pot pies from Wal-Mart and cheap bags of rice. I was taking care of my most essential needs, but only barely. Often times I would fall asleep in my chair in front of my computer with EverQuest running, waking up hours later to start the cycle all over again. Even now my memories of the period are a blur of Oasis runs, power leveling, and experience grinding. My mother remembers those days much more vividly. "Mike was unavailable for most of that period," she recalled recently. "There was no way to contact him, except to do a 'drive by' preferably with a bag of groceries in the back seat. I remember trying to talk to him. Such a fine mind and wild sense of humour; all covered up and hidden deep inside again. He listened half-heartedly and was easy to anger. He was going down fast, even to the point of telling how it really was and not just what you wanted to hear." Hearing her talk about it now, I can barely believe it had gotten so bad, but I tend to hold on to positive memories more than the negative ones. Like the day Emily came back. It was three months after I was fired that Emily decided to give us another chance. I wasn't the same man she had been with before. I was relatively skinny, and my hair had grown ridiculously long. As we lay curled up in bed one evening she commented on how my belly had disappeared, which tickled me to no end. It seems perverse to me now. It wasn't as if I had been dieting or exercising; I was taking pride in my own malnourishment. My existence slowly started gaining some semblance of a real life again. Emily went out one afternoon and brought me a stack of job applications, which motivated me to go out, get my hair cut, and go to my first job interview at a Fast Signs down the street. Looking slightly more human and feeling more alive than I had in months, I got the job on the spot. It was amazing how fast things had turned around. Unfortunately, it wouldn't last. In an odd twist, my EverQuest friends were now worried about me. I hadn't been around, and they missed my sense of humour and my enthusiasm. My ability to twist four Bard songs at a time didn't hurt either. These people needed me. I was important to them, and I couldn't let them down. Looking back, I can't believe I missed the irony there. So I started playing EverQuest again. At first it was only on the nights that Emily couldn't make it over, but soon I was back to my regular play schedule – every waking hour. I was regularly late to work, and called in sick at least once every two weeks so I could stay home and play. Then came that fateful night. The woman I had once told was the love of my life was sitting undressed in my bed not a foot away from my computer desk, begging me to join her, and I kept putting it off. I was so close to level 40 I could taste it. I was in the Dreadlands, kiting large enemies back and forth, killing them slowly with my Bard songs. I still remember the urgency I felt, along with the annoyance that this woman was trying to keep me from reaching my goal. Couldn't she understand how important this was to me? She had certainly tried. "Back then I just figured I was dating a gamer, and that's how it was going to be," she said to me recently. "I hadn't dated many guys at that point, and my older brother was the same way. He worked, came home, and played video games." Eight years later it became obvious that my lack of attention toward her weighed far more heavily than either of us had suspected. One morning in late September of 2001, I called my job and quit. Whatever justification I had for this at the time doesn't matter. The reason I quit was because I was tired of making excuses for being late, and I just wanted to play EverQuest. Emily and I had grown further apart. During my time at Fast Signs I purchased an old car from my sister, only to discover I couldn't get insurance for it due to my driver's licence being suspended over a previous ticket, ironically issued for driving without insurance. Rather than actively working to fix the problem, I slipped deeper into depression. I would let Emily take the car, driving it with a "TAG APPLIED FOR" plate on the back, but wouldn't go anywhere with her for fear of being pulled over and sent to jail. Instead, I would stay home and play EverQuest. The last time I would see her — until 2009 —was two days after her birthday in early October. I had let her take the car to her party, but refused to go with her. She reacted by keeping my car for two days without contacting me. I responded by telling her to return the car and the keys and get out of my life. She did just that. And I kept playing. December rolled around again, one year after I had taken my first steps into EverQuest's world of Norrath, and I had completely changed. I went from being a strong independent person to a gaunt, unshaven, unshowered recluse, completely withdrawn from the outside world. My roommate, once one of my greatest friends, was threatening to throw me out of the apartment if I didn't find a job. But I had absolutely no motivation. The only time I left my dwelling was to scavenge for food at my parents' house, or to grab a quick shower, as our apartment's hot water had been turned off. I remember feeling like a ghost, drifting through the waking world unnoticed. Luckily for me, my mother was looking out for me as best she could. "He didn't look like Mike anymore," she remembers now. "He was scary and pitiful. I was afraid he was suicidal or dying of some mysterious disease. It broke my heart and I knew that coming home and taking the pressure off would be the best medicine for him." And so on January 1st, 2002, at the age of 28, I moved back in with my parents. It wasn't an instant cure for my addiction – as soon as I convinced them to let me order DSL I was back online again – but something had changed. I started spending more time hanging out with my parents and less time sitting in my computer chair staring at little computer people doing little computer things. I had responsibilities. I had a support system. I had a stable platform to launch myself from instead of the quicksand I felt I had been standing in before. Within two months I had found myself a job at a local gas station. Later that year I started speaking with Joe Lunsford again, proving myself through contract work until he decided to hire me on again in 2003. So I once again had a job, a girlfriend, and eventually my own apartment, sans roommates. That's where I was in 2006, when Brian Crecente contacted me and asked me if I wanted to write for Kotaku. That's where I am now. It would be easy for me to pin my problems on EverQuest, and society in general would accept it without question. I could say I fell prey to an addictive video game that nearly ruined my life, but I would know that wasn't the case. I hid. I ran from my problems, hiding away in a virtual fantasy world instead of confronting the issues that might have been easily resolved if I had addressed them directly. As far as I am concerned, the only thing Sony Online Entertainment is guilty of is creating a damn good hiding place. It was my responsibility to control how much I played, and the SOE spokesperson I contacted regarding my story agrees. "EverQuest is a game," the Sony Online rep told me. "The majority of the hundreds of thousands of subscribers play the game in moderation enjoying the gameplay as well as the community interaction the game provides. As with any form of entertainment, it is the responsibility of each individual player to monitor his or her own playing habits and prioritize his or her time as necessary. It is not our place to monitor or limit how individuals spend their free time." Dr. Hilarie Cash agrees as well, though she suspects that game developers are actively engaged in trying to make their games more addictive. "Some blame can be laid at the feet of developers, making a conscious effort to make their games more addictive. It's analogous to the tobacco industry, trying to make tobacco more addictive. It works to their benefit. That having been said, it's up to the individual to take responsibility for how they play." During our conversation, Dr. Cash also likened gaming to gambling. Some people can walk into a casino, lose $US5, and call it quits. You have to know your own limits, and be conscious enough of them to know when you are in danger of going too far. My own solution to my potential for MMO addiction is rather simple. I've managed to turn a habit that once interrupted my work into something I actively have to do for work. It's no longer escapism if I am doing my job. Perhaps I am fooling myself, but if I am going to be that gullible I might as well take advantage. As for Emily, she's sitting behind me as I type this, playing Peggle. I'd ask her to come to bed, but I know how important getting to that next level can be. This story was originally published on October 20, 2009. Comments « 1 2 » Sam Dammers Guest Oct 20, 2009, 12:05pm Wow. Thats preety deep to share about yourself with the entire world. I have played several MMO's and currently actually subscribe to two MMO's. WoW and WAR. (Man now that sounds bad doesnt it?) I do play several nights/days a week. But i am never late for work because of it. I am always of the preference of going out with friends rather then play. And I also play other games, Clock brutal legend, got Metroid Trilogy yesterday. I pay for 2 mmo's, but WAR is really throwing my money away, I only play it occaisionally. Often, i wont play it all for a week or 2. Reply 0 Bennie Guest Oct 20, 2009, 12:07pm what stuck me most about this article, is that it could easily be rewritten with "Heroin" or "Meth" instead of "Everquest" and it would still totally make sense. I guess I'm lucky that as an enthusiastic gamer, who also has a very addictive personality, that I haven't fallen into this trap of full-on game addiction. I probably play between 10-30 hours/week, including weekends, depending on what's available at the time. I have never let gaming become more important than my life/work/relationships, and hopefully I never will. I'm glad that you seem to have mended your relationship with Emily too ;) Reply 0 Not Captain Pajama Shark Guest Oct 20, 2009, 1:32pm Don't forget "Weed". Reply 0 Nathan Hands Guest Oct 20, 2009, 12:28pm That truly hits home. I can relate to a lot of that piece. Thank you very much for sharing that with us Mike and i'm glad to hear your in a better place now. :) Reply 0 RedFilter Guest Oct 20, 2009, 1:52pm Well, that must be one hell of a woman you got there. Thumbs up. Glad everything is better now. Reply 0 Gabe Guest Oct 20, 2009, 2:18pm Thanks for sharing dude. That was one hell of a story. Glad it all worked out for you! Reply 0 malorion @Malorion Oct 20, 2009, 2:31pm Ah, the lost hours of Evercrack. I too can relate to large portions of that story. Bravo for moving on and recognising the addiction for what it is. I still have trouble with that, which is why I refuse to play MMOs any more. Reply 0 Ben Scott Guest Oct 20, 2009, 2:34pm What a disturbing story. I actually feel deep pity and completely sorry for you, and anyone who suffers with 'video game addiction'. But i cant help but think...Man up and do something with your life. Reply 0 Masquerade Guest Dec 26, 2016, 8:10pm Unfortunately it is often not that easy. There can be a variety of reasons for addiction of any type, you need to help with the underlying cause before they can start moving on with life. Reply 0 Brandon Guest Oct 20, 2009, 3:11pm At one point I was addicted to Runescape, though I was never very good and at later times I could not pay for membership and would simply stay in one spot chatting with friends because I did not like grinding. I played 6 hours+ a day and my parents were increasingly concerned, eventually I quit because of the lack of content or friends online. Recently, I've started up again - but against the game rules I've started to use macros instead of wasting my time grinding; although I rarely ground which is why I had such a low level after such a long time. After this period I started getting back into mainstream video games and discovered pirating, I had found out about it earlier but instantly backed away after I heard it was illegal. My friend was looking into it though and he didn't care all too much, it was piracy that made me a hardcore game and gave me the opportunity to play these great games. I would later purchase the games I remember playing. Around now I'm in a rutt again, I sit infront of the computer 8 hours+ a day and am mostly up in the night while sleeping in the day. I'm not playing games, I'm not playing an MMO, I'm just doing stuff on the computer. I have no money or legal ability to get a job so I can't do much else. Childhood is simple, mine has been simpler, I don't go out much or have alot of friends. I never was a very social child but these events probably didn't help. I don't see myself as addicted at this time, take it as you will, I just don't have anything else to do sadly. I first played a Tom and Jerry game on the GBC in 1998. I moved onto internet gaming with Neopets and Pokemon Crater for a year or so in 2003 and started playing Runescape in late November of 2005. Some of these events have probably contributed to my sense of maturity, no matter if it's unwarranted. I'm 13 at the age of writing this and started Runescape when I was 9, with an 18 month hiatus between touching the game again. Don't have much more to add, but I'm glad to hear that things have turned out rather nicely for you after your bad experience. Reply 0 Joseph Guest Oct 20, 2009, 3:55pm I am living a very similar story, only realising how badly I've been addicted for the last ~2 years and that there is an alternative way of living yesterday. I am 22. Lost amazing girlfriend. Moved back home. Depressed. Still addicted. Mum supporting. ...Hope it turns out like yours... Cheers. Reply 0 Rendle Bosworth Guest Oct 20, 2009, 4:00pm How did Brian Crecente get into contact with you; did you have journalism experience previous to your EverQuest days, or was it purely coincidental? Reply 0 FeralJim Guest Oct 20, 2009, 5:01pm That was a touching read Mike. Your one of the best writers here at Kotaku. Thanks for sharing. Reply 0 Iain Dickson Guest Oct 20, 2009, 5:11pm I can understand how simple it is to slip into a fantasy world. Its very easy to start with a simple game that's suggested by a friend, and then fall into the routine of gaining more and more addicted to it, in the same way that alcohol an drugs can do the same thing. Any group that sells a product, be they a tobbacco, alcohol or even an MMO producer, will be looking at how they can get the consumer to buy more of their product, and to continually buy it. It's a sign of the times I'm afraid to say. Reply 0 Quake Addict Guest Oct 20, 2009, 6:02pm I was addicted to Quake 1. I played it up to 50 hours a week. And dropped out of a Private College course because of it. That course cost AU$20,000.. Im still paying it off now but not just financially because I could be earning alot more than I do currently if I had focused my energy into something more worth while. Now Im addicted to COD4. And Modern Warfare 2 comes out next month.... Reply 0 Vel Guest Oct 20, 2009, 6:37pm Props to you Mike for sharing that with us. I hope that you've well and truly moved past that scenario in your life. Also props to Emily for sticking by you! To everyone else who seems to portray MMOs as the tool of the devil, think again please. Like Mike said the only fault developers make is that their game (or aspects of it) is just THAT good people would simply keep playing. As to marketing strategy, of course they would promote the hell out of it as game sales figure/subscription is the thing that keeps the company going. It's up to the players to moderate themselves, not the developers. If you are addicted to ANYTHING, the problem lies with YOU and YOU alone. Other people/objects are simply catalyst to it but in order to 'cure' this addiction it has to start with you as a person. Please don't be a complete MMO-phobic just because you've had a bad run with one. To those who are addicted to one, please don't waste your life away. Admitting it is the first step towards recovery but dont just sit there and do nothing. Reading some of the above comments make me wanna go to their houses and give em a good kick to go outside :p Reply 0 Wake Up Guest Dec 26, 2016, 11:15pm I disagree completely with you laying the blame solely at the feet of the addict. Yes the addict does need to shoulder some of the blame, but as was pointed out by the only expect on gaming addiction cited in the article, developers DO need to share some responsibility as well, as there are plenty who go to great lengths to ensure that their game is as addictive as possible. Much like the tobacco, alcohol and gambling industries, MMO developers in particular profit hugely from addicts. As such they should never be seen as harmless bystanders. I have some friends in MMO development in China and some of the stories that they tell me genuinely sicken me. A perfect example is how they treat "whales" - a casino-coined term for big spenders. When a user starts to buy up a lot of in-game items, employees of the developer will track them very closely and try to figure out how to get them online as much as possible and spending as much as possible. In some cases this would mean employees of the company would create accounts specifically to befriend the user to achieve this. Employees could access all of the latest and greatest cash items for nothing, creating the false impression for this big-spending player of having lots of friends who spend equally large amounts of money in-game on everything new (and the peer pressure that comes along with it). The rest of the user-base won't notice anything, but any new items or updates will then also feature things that they believe their big-spending users will want to pay for (e.g.: if they love raids then that's what the next update will focus on). My friends don't feel happy about doing this, but they insist that all MMO developers use similar tactics, generally under the guise of "enhancing the user experience" or some other marketing-friendly spin, and that taking the high road would see their company go under and themselves unemployed. If a company makes their greatest profit from addicts, and thus have financial incentive to make their product as addictive as possible, then they absolutely need to be held accountable for addiction to their game. Suggesting otherwise is incredibly naive at best or deliberately misleading at worst. Reply 0 Steven Bogos Guest Oct 20, 2009, 7:52pm Biggest dumb move in that story: Taking out a car loan. Seriously, why would anyone do this? Reply 0 Steven Bogos Guest Oct 20, 2009, 7:53pm All you addicts need to learn a bit of self control. It's not very difficult. Probably a result of upbringing Reply -1 Kaud Guest Oct 21, 2009, 9:40am A guy offers up that much of himself, and all you can say is addicts should learn control and it's probably a result of his upbringing? GTFO. Reply 0 mannotron @mannon Oct 21, 2009, 1:32pm Aah. The wisdom of a man who has no fucking idea what he's talking about. Congratulations on your lofty perfection, good sir. How kind of you to grace us mere mortals with your presence. Reply 0 Masquerade Guest Dec 26, 2016, 8:01pm Try being in their shoes before pronouncing judgement. Reply 0 Ethan Iacobozzi Guest Oct 20, 2009, 7:54pm That took some guts to say all that. Thank you for sharing a personal story on the topic of gaming addiction. Reply 0 Daniel Purvis Guest Oct 20, 2009, 10:20pm There's a reason I've never, ever installed an MMO on my computer. Digital crack? Not in my house! Reply 0 Ben Routledge Guest Oct 20, 2009, 11:46pm I after many years of avoiding MMO's for this very reason, being a Blizzard fanboy installed WoW the day it was released. I'd made a pact with myself a resolution in fact, if I ever questioned attending a real world event to play WoW I would quit on the spot. Soon it was 6 hours sleep, 8 hours work and 8 hours WoW, with the other 2 hours being travel time to and from work, then all weekend. This occurred for about 4 months of my 6 month subscription. I would only venture form my screen to attend work or the various social events in my life. I to this day remember the night where I was about to skip a party to go on a raid I had been waiting for and been stuffed around on several times. I sat and thought for a moment knowing my resolution. Canceled my account and the game was uninstalling as I left for the party. I've never looked back. The collectors edition sits dusty in my bookshelf. It took a lot of my mates longer to come around but we've now all broken the curse. Reply 0 AussieSniper Guest Oct 21, 2009, 12:28am Amazing story. Thanks for sharing that. Reply 0 Andy Guest Oct 21, 2009, 7:50am Small lump in my throat at the end there. I've sworn off of MMO's, even a star wars MMO is not going to sway me. I was already living at home on the dole (austrailan welfare) so I went the other way and got fat. I feel that if you have a competitive streak, or a very competitive personality like me you'll get suckered in eventually. Thanks for sharing your story. Reply 0 Chris Webster Guest Oct 22, 2009, 2:47pm wow dude that must have taken some real guts to come out with that story I'm glad life is better now but truly I understand completly I've had my own problems with drugs and gambling addiction,good on ya mate. Reply 0 Pepper Guest Oct 27, 2009, 6:51pm You guys at Kotaku actually helped me kick my WoW addiction. I loved gaming as a kid and played SNES, PS1, N64, GBC, XBox and PC. Loved it all. But when WoW came along my interest in anything bar WoW faded. Stumbling across this site while tracking down some WoW info opened my eyes to a wonderfully diverse, vibrant world from which I had separated myself. Following the gaming scene, reading reviews, and trying to write a few of my own has reignited my interest in gaming, and while I still play WoW it's no longer an addiction. Thanks :) Reply 0 #R @Ash Mar 9, 2010, 2:08pm Gee this rings true for a few people I know. I say I'm a reformed addict as I was like many others who've commented (and probably many that haven't) addicted to Blizzard's mmo. Still got to work on time (but usually pretty tired) and living with my GF (still with me too :) ) but would play 5-8 hrs a night. It was really hard to actually beat the habit because of the community aspect in the game, as you mentioned, the people you played with needed you. I was part of a late game raiding guild before the first expansion came out. I only managed to kick the habit, when the expansion came out, the guild disbanded not long before hand so that sense of community had mostly gone for me. So I played for a while longer on my own or with pickup groups for instances but it wasn't the same after that so slowly started to play less and less. and haven't played it since In a way that was one of the best things that could have happened. Though I still game a whole lot atm I don't let that get in the way of life itself. Thanks heaps for sharing too :) Reply 0 brik @Brendan Apr 16, 2010, 5:26pm Truly inspiring writing. Thank you for sharing this. Reply 0 « 1 2 » Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What Are You Playing This Weekend? Alex Walker 06 Jan 2017 11:15 AM As some of you might know, I'm in the US right now. So the games I would have traditionally given a go over the weekend will go untouched, because you don't bring a massive PC or console with you on international trips. But one thing I did bring was my partner's 3DS, and a certain present that I got for Christmas. Hallmark Says They Did Not Copy Yuri On Ice, Had No Idea What It Is Cecilia D'Anastasio 05 Jan 2017 4:00 PM Fans of blockbuster queer ice skating anime Yuri on Ice were enraged this week because they believed an upcoming Hallmark movie, Love on Ice, copied the anime's premise and name. On Twitter, fans called Love on Ice a "whitewashed" and "homophobic" Yuri on Ice rip-off. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn How To Code Deals: Launch Your Big Data Career With 44 Hours Of Training Deals: Learn To Build Stunning iOS Apps With This Training Bundle Deals: Learn To Build Multiplayer Games With Unity Trending Articles 1 What Are You Playing This Weekend? 2 Hallmark Says They Did Not Copy Yuri On Ice, Had No Idea What It Is 3 Overwatch Players Are Already Salty About Roadhog's New Hook 4 Two Google Homes Argue For Hours Before Getting Married 5 Conan's 'Clueless Gamer' Could Get Its Own TV Show Company Behind Carbon Fibre 3D Printer Now Has One For Metal Too 5 Of The Most Egregious Health Claims From The New US Coca-Cola Lawsuit Deals: Launch Your Big Data Career With These 44 Hours Of Training This Website Shows You Every Patent That Is Expiring Today December Saw Campo Santo's Firewatch Hit One Million Copies Sold Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn How To Code Conan's 'Clueless Gamer' Could Get Its Own TV Show Get XCOM 2 For $17 From Humble Bundle Google Makes Core Android Tools Available For Download How Bartenders Suggest You Stock Your Home Bar Deals: Check Out This Cost-Effective Alternative To Microsoft Office The Tech Trends From CES 2017 That Will Actually Matter It's official -- the 2016 Word of the Year is 'Dumpster fire' 22 huge movie sequels you probably didn't realise were coming out this year Obama on the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting: 'These tragedies have happened too often' Meet the hedge fund stars in their 20s who just made Forbes' '30 Under 30' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The way we shop now: Retailers evolve as consumers flock to 'Cyber everything' CNBC Erin Barry 12/25/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The world's most powerful people These are the best and worst states to retire in © Provided by CNBC Whether it's the way you communicate, live, or shop, the Internet is changing the game. Quotes in the article Macy's Inc M ▼ 30.82 -0.04 -0.13% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 68.26 -0.95 -1.37% Nordstrom Inc JWN ▼ 45.47 -0.09 -0.20% National Retail Properties Inc NNN ▼ 45.80 -0.29 -0.63% And in order for retailers to survive, they will need a new strategy to keep up with consumers' changing habits, experts predict. "It's really hard [for retailers] to make a living online, however, if you're going to compete you have to put your capital into online," retail consultant Jan Kniffen told CNBC's "On the Money" in an interview. "Every time you put a sale online, and out of the store, your [return on investment] goes down," he added. Many retailers are already in the midst of adopting to the new reality. Macy's recently announced it plans to close 100 stores and will invest money into its best locations, in addition to spending heavily on digital and mobile. Kniffen also noted that Walmart is slowing down their brick and mortar expansion, while building up its online offerings, such as its$3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com. Meanwhile, Nordstrom's will also be shifting more capital towards online retail. Taken together, the environment underscores the growing power of the Web. According to the National Retail Federation, this year's Black Friday sales were almost evenly split with 44 percent of consumers shopping online and 40 percent shopping in stores. Kniffen acknowledged overall sales were up 3 percent for the Black Friday weekend. However "100 percent of the growth in retail sales came from online - brick and mortar was flat." Forget "Cyber Monday," Kniffen said it was "cyber everything." December 17th "should have been the biggest selling day for brick and mortar, but remember, the weather was awful around the country…and I suspect that everybody went online," the analyst said. In the old days, Kniffen said the lost sales due to bad weather would be made up during the last week leading up to Christmas, but he doesn't think that will be the case this year. Instead, he believes people still shopped that Saturday, they just did so online. © Provided by CNBC In 2009, 2.9 percent of sales were online, but by the end of 2015 that number swelled to 11 percent. This year, Kniffen estimated, it will be 15 percent and by 2030 it will be as much as 50 percent. That may sound grim for beleaguered malls, yet Kniffen doesn't think the American shopping center is completely dead. "There are 250 great malls in America, their traffic's going to be up, their earnings are going to be up, their rents are going to be up," he said. "The bad news is there are 1,100 enclosed malls in America."In order to survive, Kniffen says the malls need to become less about shopping and more about experience. "They're going to have to redevelop and find something you can do as opposed to something you buy," he added. "So you go there because they are offering you a great movie theater, a great restaurant, a great bar, something, and then hopefully you'll buy some stuff while you're there," Kniffen said. On the Money airs on CNBC Saturdays at 5:30 am ET, or check listings for air times in local markets. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
News National State Global Lee County Collier County Charlotte County Traffic Sievers Murder Case Lake Okeechobee Inland Counties #onlyinflorida Weather Lifestyle Where’s WINK Events Therese’s baby on board Odd Videos Sports Pros Preps Miracle FGCU College Call for Action Video Pet Pals Fitness Friday Golf Doctor Your Health Now Where’s WINK Let’s Eat Healthy Kids Off the Hook NewslettersNews TipsMobile 75°Few Clouds WINK NEWS News AllNationalStateGlobalLee CountyCollier CountyCharlotte CountyTrafficSievers Murder CaseLake OkeechobeeInland Counties#onlyinflorida Report: Ft. Lauderdale airport attack took only 45 seconds Cape Coral officer facing DUI charges $51k bond set for suspect in attack of WINK News reporters WATCH LIVE: Harriet the Eagle awaits second hatchling Weather Lifestyle AllWhere’s WINKEventsContestsTherese’s baby on boardOdd Videos Fort Myers Home & Remodeling Show to give residents inspiration Paint the Town No evidence to back claim of VapoRub death Therese’s Baby on Board: Hatch watch 2017 Sports AllProsPrepsMiracleFGCUCollege Cape Coral resident talks about UFC win Ronda Rousey is stopped 48 seconds into comeback at UFC 207 Buffalo Bills fire head coach Rex Ryan, assistant head coach Rob… Suspended guard Grayson Allen trips up Duke with antics Call for Action Experts shine light on glaring problem Consumer Reports lists cars drivers love to hate How did a tank of gas cost one woman $500? Experts name best family cars BBB provides tips for choosing the right gym Video AllPet PalsFitness FridayGolf DoctorYour Health NowWhere’s WINKLet’s EatHealthy KidsOff the Hook Report: Ft. Lauderdale airport attack took only 45 seconds Fort Myers Home & Remodeling Show to give residents inspiration WATCH LIVE: Harriet the Eagle awaits second hatchling 7-Eleven joins battle against hunger in SWFL 75° Home News National The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power Published: December 25, 2016 2:57 PM EST NEW YORK (AP) – The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year’s sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it’ll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early ’80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-’90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. “There was a mindset even before online shopping,” said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. “But this just accelerated it.” In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. “I’m pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV,” Terry Kreft, 38, said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called “Black Friday” and “Cyber Monday.” “I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling,” Kreft said. But a late rush isn’t expected to make up the difference. “It’s no longer a seasonal business,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. “It’s a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season – and all year long.” Here’s what’s behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON’T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS: Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. “People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for,” said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISCOUNTING: With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won’t break the habit. “The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items,” said Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track. “Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales.” One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren’t booked as sales until they’re redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 percent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 percent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy’s have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 percent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 percent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 percent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. Previous articleMassive WWII bomb is defused in German town of Augsburg Next articleNaples homeless shelter feeds hundreds on Christmas Day Submit a Comment Most Read Most Watched Most Read Report: Ft. Lauderdale airport attack took only 45 seconds Cape Coral officer facing DUI charges $51k bond set for suspect in attack of WINK News reporters Fort Myers Home & Remodeling Show to give residents inspiration 7-Eleven joins battle against hunger in SWFL Most Watched Partly cloudy, warm temperatures expected Friday Rodgers and Hammerstein’s ‘Cinderella’ comes to SWFL Lehigh Acres mother pushes for change on SWFL roads Paint the Town Real Estate Matters: 2017 Housing Predictions WINK News, Southwest Florida's News Leader. Engage With Us Interact with us through your video, pictures and comments. Like us on Facebook | Follow us on Twitter | Follow us on Instagram Trust Us We are the most experienced, most accurate, most trusted weather team in Southwest Florida. Current conditions & latest forecast News When It Matters Sign up for our news and weather alerts and download our app to get Southwest Florida news first. Sign up for weather & news alerts | Download our free apps Copyright © 2016 WINK Digital Media About WINK News Team Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO Report Public File Employment MORE STORIES Sources: Trump will ask Congress, not Mexico, to pay for border...
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 06, 8:45 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Media & Culture Where Are The Best After Christmas Sales? How To Shop Deals And Discounts At Walmart, Best Buy And More By Maria Vultaggio @mariamzzarella On 12/25/16 AT 4:00 PM Close Christmas might be over, but that doesn't mean the shopping has to end. Most retailers have mega savings. Check out this list to find the best deals.  DEPARTMENT STORES JCPenney: End of season clearance is 50 to 70-percent off. There are also giveaway coupons while supply lasts: $10 off, $20 off or $100 off.  Kohl's: Up to 70-percent off clearance. Use the code "CHEERFUL" to save 25-percent.  Macy's: Extra 25-percent off clearance. Free shipping at $25. Saks Fifth Avenue: Up to 70-percent off designer selections.  Target: Save up to 50-percent on 1,000+ clearance items. Save an extra 20-percent on clearance clothes, shoes and accessories.  Walmart: Various savings on electronics, toys and home goods.   CLOTHING: Abercrombie & Fitch: Save 40 to 60-percent off the entire store.  Aeropostale: Up 10 80-percent off everything online only. Save an extra 10-percent with the code "JOLLY." Free shipping on $50. Aldo: Up to 50-percent off. Save an extra 20-percent with the code "GIFT16" American Eagle: Save 50-percent on holiday items in stores and online.  BCBGMAXAZRIA: 40-percent off regularly priced dresses and accessories.  The Children's Place: 50 to 60-percent off all clearance items.  Express: 50-percent off everything.  Forever 21: Up to 50-percent off everything online only. Free shipping on $25 or more.  Gap: Save 40-percent off with the code "MERRY."  H&M: 15-percent off basics.  Hollister: All jeans are $24. Forty to 60-percent off entire store. Free shipping with any jean purchase.  J. Crew: Save 40-percent with the code "GIFTNOW"  Lord &Taylor: Up to 80-percent off women's sportswear. Save $20 off $160 purchase with the code "BONUS." Online only. Old Navy: Up to 75-percent off entire store.  Payless Shoe Source: Save 60-percent on clearance items.  Victoria's Secret: Free shipping on orders $100 or more. Pajamas for $39.50    ELECTRONICS Barnes & Noble: 50-percent off best-sellers. Best Buy: Up to 30-percent off select Westinghouse Smart HDTVs.   OTHER: Bath & Body Works: Signature body care up to 75-percent off. Select 3-wick candles for $10. Select hand soaps for $3.  Related Stories 15 Photos Of Celebrities In Ugly Christmas Sweaters Kick Off 2017 With New Year Dinner In New York Gander Mountain: Save up to 40-percent off select footwear. Save up to $75 off select new guns. Free $20 gift e-card with the purchase of regular-priced insulated boots or outerwear.  Sephora: Free shipping over $50. Three free samples with any purchase.  Toys R Us: Free shipping on $19 or more.  Follow me on Twitter @mariamzzarella Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Donald Trump Attacks Toyota On Twitter The president-elect has previously targeted other automakers, including General Motors in a recent tweet, and Ford Motor on the campaign trail. Technology NVIDIA, Mercedes-Benz Will Make An AI-Powered Car The two companies announced the partnership at CES this week. World War Over Water? In Central Asia, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and China Battle Over Dry Land Seasonal snow melt generally feeds into area rivers, providing water to communities in Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and the Xinjiang region in China. National Esteben Santiago Isn't The First Ex-Serviceman To Turn Weapons On Civilians Reports indicate he served in both the Alaska and Puerto Rico National Guard. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Charlotte church delivers 125 bikes to kids on Christmas Day - | WBTV Charlotte Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WBTV Blogs Web Extra Links NEWS WBTV News App WBTV Investigates Good News Consumer Stories Business News Crimestoppers House Bill 2 Campaign 2016 NC News SC News Mugshots Police Shooting WEATHER Weather Blogs WBTV Weather App Hurricane Center Doppler Radar Fishing forecast Tower Cam Scott Clark's Toyota City WeatherNet Closings & Delays Closings System Interactive Radar Photos Allergy Forecast SPORTS Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets College Hoops Auto Racing NBA College Football NFL MLB NHL Prep Zone On The Go With Stro Super Fan Football Friday Night Camellia Bowl VIDEO TRAFFIC Traffic Map/Conditions Charlotte Traffic Cams South Carolina Traffic Cams Airport Delays NC DOT SC DOT Features Morning Break Contests Entertainment News Slideshows Lifestyle Pets and Animals Molly's Kids Recipes Survivor of the Month Team No Sugar Your Photos and Video! Mo Knows For Your Safety Keeping You Healthy COMMUNITY Catawba County News Gaston County News Salisbury News Mecklenburg County News Union County News Iredell County News South Carolina News High Country News Lincoln County News Speak Out Editorials Speak Out Video Community Events Survivor of the Month Super Fan ABOUT US Facebook Download our apps Twitter Contact Us Advertise With Us! Digital Sales Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WBTV Jobs TV What's on WBTV? Watch CBS Shows What's On Bounce TV? Entertainment Fix It & Finish It Flip My Food Marketplace Charlotte church delivers 125 bikes to kids on Christmas Day 2016-12-25T21:14:58Z2016-12-25T21:14:58Z By WBTV Web Staff Email Connect webteam@wbtv.com (Photo courtesy of Faith Soldiers Word Ministries) CHARLOTTE, NC (WBTV) - Over 100 children are riding around on new bikes Christmas day thanks to Faith Solders Word Ministries. The church said 125 children were given bikes during their 10 a.m. Sunday service.  "It's important that we minister unto the needs of people in our community," Dr. Carl Turner, the church's Senior Pastor said. "It is more about what you do than what you say. We want to let them know God loves them, and that we care." Walmart in the University Area helped gather the bikes for the special delivery. One of the managers at Walmart even sponsored a child. "In a time where our city has experienced some negative things, it's nice to see a positive light," Demond Latham said. Rasheka Todd has three children who all got bikes Christmas morning.  "So many children have needs and during these difficult times, as a single parent, you often don't know how things will get done," Todd said. "This definitely helps when you are down and out, so I am truly thankful." The church hopes to be able to help even more families next year. Copyright 2016 WBTV. All rights reserved. RSS FeedsMore>> News Feed News Feed Get news stories via RSS.More >> Get news stories via RSS.More >> Sports Feed Sports Feed Get sports stories via RSS.More >> Get sports stories via RSS.More >> RSS Feeds RSS Feeds Add headlines to your RSS news readerMore >> specialConnect with us!More>> Like us on Facebook Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Twitter Text & Email Alerts Text & Email Alerts Download our Apps Download our Apps Send Photos & Video Send Photos & Video    Local NewsMore>> Person shot, seriously injured in southwest Charlotte Person shot, seriously injured in southwest Charlotte Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:16 PM EST2017-01-07 01:16:55 GMT (Source: WBTV/File) The shooting happened on the 12000 block of Sherman Drive, between Sandy Porter Road and O'Hara Drive. More >> The shooting happened on the 12000 block of Sherman Drive, between Sandy Porter Road and O'Hara Drive.More >> Why do people buy all the bread and milk before it snows? Why do people buy all the bread and milk before it snows? Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:57 PM EST2017-01-07 00:57:20 GMT (Kristen Hampton | WBTV) WBTV asked the questions and ended up with some great answers, some that will even make you giggle.More >> WBTV asked the questions and ended up with some great answers, some that will even make you giggle.More >> FIRST ALERT: First wave of precipitation falls, heaviest snow to fall tonight, Saturday morning FIRST ALERT: First wave of precipitation falls, heaviest snow to fall tonight, Saturday morning Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:32 PM EST2017-01-07 00:32:40 GMT Things should still pick up later this evening and into the day on Saturday. It still looks like the heaviest snow will be late tonight and tomorrow morning. It looks like a good bet that mainly snow will fall the farther northeast you go.More >> Things should still pick up later this evening and into the day on Saturday. It still looks like the heaviest snow will be late tonight and tomorrow morning. It looks like a good bet that mainly snow will fall the farther northeast you go.More >> Molly's Kids: Concord's Ally Davis named 'Girl of the Year' for 2017! Molly's Kids: Concord's Ally Davis named 'Girl of the Year' for 2017! Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:06 PM EST2017-01-06 23:06:50 GMT (Photo courtesy family) The "Team Ally Foundation" will raise awareness for pediatric cancer with an emphasis on Hodgkin’s Lymphoma and help patients with gas cards, gift cards, special presents and in talking with newly-diagnosed patients to let them know they have a friend.More >> The "Team Ally Foundation" will raise awareness for pediatric cancer with an emphasis on Hodgkin’s Lymphoma and help patients with gas cards, gift cards, special presents and in talking with newly-diagnosed patients to let them know they have a friend.?More >> Winter weather impacting college students returning from break Winter weather impacting college students returning from break Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:50 PM EST2017-01-06 22:50:50 GMT (Michael Clark | WBTV) All universities will continue to monitor weather conditions for conditions that may warrant additional closings or delays.More >> All universities will continue to monitor weather conditions for conditions that may warrant additional closings or delays.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1 Julian Price Pl. Charlotte, NC 28208 (704) 374-3500 FCC Public File publicfile@wbtv.com (704) 374-3788 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 27° F Broken Clouds Hi: 34° F Lo: 18° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 3 Weather Alerts 8 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines New Haven city workers are ready for first snow storm of 2017 Updated: 8 mins ago New Haven city workers began preparing for the storm earlier this week pretreating streets with a brine solution. Laurence Grotheer the dire… Secretary of State Denise Merrill To Appoint Scott Bates As Deputy Secretary of State Updated: 18 mins ago Scott Bates of Stonington will be appointed to serve as Deputy Secretary of State effective January 24th, 2017. The post was previously held… Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales Updated: 26 mins ago FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone Updated: 27 mins ago Fiat Chrysler recalls 100K vehicles to fix Takata air bags Updated: 30 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 27° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 20° F Wind: N 6 Humidity: 49% Dewpoint: 10° F Sunrise: 7:17 AM Sunset: 4:38 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 27° F Broken Clouds Hi: 34° F Lo: 18° F News 8’s Top-8 stories of 2016 By Jesse Gosselin, News 8 Digital Executive Producer Published: December 25, 2016, 1:14 pm Updated: December 25, 2016, 1:45 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Notre-Dame of West Haven's Doug Caliendo scores a game-winning goal just hours after losing his father (WTNH / John Pierson) (WTNH) — Of all of the stories posted to WTNH.com everyday, these are the stories that got the most reads, discussion, and comments in 2016. The list of the Top-8 most read stories on WTNH.com this year contains a varied group of subjects. Some stories have a positive message or resolution. Others brought the harsh realities of modern society right to the front page, and a few transformed what was an ordinary day into something extraordinary. Here are the Top-8 most read stories on WTNH.com this year (in no particular order): Student says ‘ISIS’ in Pledge, gets pulled from high school This story fired up News 8 viewers on both sides of the argument. Was it just an expression of free speech, or was it something more? 9 arrested in Hartford in connection with kidnapping, human trafficking of teen What began as drug-related arrests revealed something much worse. Woman’s body was in Walmart parking lot for 3 months If a store employee hadn’t noticed that the car hadn’t moved, it may have taken even longer to discover the body of a 22-year-old woman. DOT to study ‘Mileage Tax’ With a $30 billion infrastructure plan in place, State leaders need to figure out how to pay for it, and taxing drivers for using Connecticut highways could soon be a reality. New Haven Public Schools teacher arrested for alleged relationship with student Every parent sends their child to school expecting an appropriate environment to learn in, but stories like this one seem to be occurring more often. Suspects still at large after 13 people shot at Bridgeport house party A very sad story of a house party that got out of control. Injuries reported in multi-vehicle I-95 crash Sadly, News 8 reports on serious crashes every day, but the photos and video of this particular crash, plus the timing of when it occurred, made it one of our most viewed stories of the year. Notre Dame’s Doug Caliendo scores game-winning goal on day father passed away Not only was this emotional story big on SportzEdge, it was also a top story on WTNH.com this year. It was an incredible moment that turned an ordinary high school hockey game into an unforgettable memory for a local family, team, and community. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts How to spot lies, ‘fake news’ and propaganda Reporter/Multimedia Journalist ‘Rogue One’ soars to second-best December debut with $155M AP New Year’s poll: Americans hopeful for a better 2017 Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times World Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire Movies Music TV & Radio TV Guide Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Home World December 25 2016 Save Print In US heartland, a house is made a home for Syrian refugees at Christmas Dan Barry facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Lancaster, Pennsylvania: A dull grey house on a hillside has to become a home. Another Syrian family of refugees will be arriving soon, and this empty, echoing old place needs to be readied in welcome. The word has trickled down from the State Department's refugee resettlement program. A mother, a father, his brother and four children, the youngest just 10. Muslims, travelling from Turkey. Flying into New York in the next few days. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Barangaroo's sea of 1.1 million balls Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:16 More Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:36 Refugees aren't issues, they're people Refugees aren't issues, they're people The UNHCR brings a human face to the refugee debate through the stories of four former refugees. Vision courtesy UNHCR. Up Next Barangaroo's sea of 1.1 million balls Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:16 Video duration 01:16 Barangaroo's sea of 1.1 million balls Barangaroo's sea of 1.1 million balls The Beach by Snarkitecture is a sea of plastic balls deep inside Sydney's Barangaroo. Up Next Michelle Obama emotional final speech as first lady Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:20 Video duration 01:20 Michelle Obama emotional final speech as ... Michelle Obama emotional final speech as first lady First Lady Michelle Obama gave her final remarks in an emotional speech at the White House on Friday telling young people, "this country belongs to you." Up Next City put five past West Ham Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:30 Video duration 01:30 City put five past West Ham City put five past West Ham Manchester City dominated against West Ham United early on, as they went 3 goals up before even half time. City grabbing two more in the second half to knock the Hammers out of the FA Cup for the second time in 8 years. Up Next Multiple people dead in Florida airport shooting Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:39 Video duration 00:39 Multiple people dead in Florida airport ... Multiple people dead in Florida airport shooting At least nine people have been wounded and multiple people killed in a shooting at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, with officials saying the shooter is in custody. Up Next Federer at scintillating best in win over Gasquet Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:50 Video duration 00:50 Federer at scintillating best in win over ... Federer at scintillating best in win over Gasquet Roger Federer, most probably the world's best ever number 16 ranked player, looked at his artistic best in his Hopman Cup win over Frenchman Richard Gasquet. Up Next Ben Dunk steers Strikers to victory Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:29 Video duration 01:29 Ben Dunk steers Strikers to victory Ben Dunk steers Strikers to victory A first innings batting recovery from 5-30 by the Hurricanes failed to yield enough runs as Ben Dunk's 79 not out guided the Strikers home in Adelaide. Up Next Ivan Franjic's goal sees off Wanderers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:26 Video duration 01:26 Ivan Franjic's goal sees off Wanderers Ivan Franjic's goal sees off Wanderers A rare strike from Ivan Franjc was enough to see off ten-man Wanderers and move Melbourne City into third. More videos Refugees aren't issues, they're people The UNHCR brings a human face to the refugee debate through the stories of four former refugees. Vision courtesy UNHCR. Their imminent arrival explains all the commotion inside this slate-coloured house in the small city of Lancaster, in south-central Pennsylvania. The state may have gone to Donald Trump, who likened the Syrian resettlement program to a "a great Trojan horse" for terrorists. But he isn't president yet. Related Content Here's how to take back Christmas from the politically correct brigade We can't give up the fight for human rights That is why volunteers and staff members from the Church World Service, a US non-profit that helps the government take in refugees fleeing violence and persecution, are cleaning cabinets, carting furniture and doing their best to make things homey. Just not too homey. "Doing too much can make a family feel like it's someone else's home," says Josh Digrugilliers, 26, the group's local housing specialist, whose crowded key chain jangles in reminder of all the refugees in need. Advertisement He scours a government checklist of housing requirements for a resettlement, mindful that whatever he spends is deducted from a refugee's one-time government grant of no more than $US1125 ($1566). A family's combined grants must cover its rent and other expenses until the non-profit has helped the adults acquire Social Security numbers and jobs. The used furniture being trundled in reflects the emphasis on economy. Some comes from the donations hoarded in a cluttered garage, where a "Welcome Home" sign in Arabic is on display. Other items were acquired cheap - chairs for $US5, tables for $US20 - at a flea market. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Members of a Syrian refugee family who arrived seven months ago prepare a meal for another family about to arrive to their new home in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. Photo: New York Times New paint and flooring give the house the smell of a fresh start, thanks to the landlord, John Liang, who came to Lancaster as a child, one of the "boat people" who fled Vietnam on dangerously overcrowded vessels after the war. He spent a year in a notoriously hellish refugee camp before coming to Lancaster, where he and his family delivered newspapers, shovelled snow, did sewing and assembly-line work. Anything. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Amer al-Fayadh, a senior case manager with the Church World Service, and Orion Hernandez carry a dresser into a home being prepared for a Syrian refugee family in Lancaster. Photo: New York Times Now 45, Liang works overtime at a nearby Kellogg's cereal plant and manages several properties he owns, including this house, which he wants to be just so. "There are other people living a lot harder, tougher, than what I went through," he says. A history of acceptance Digrugilliers applies his checklist to the kitchen, where the counter is crowded with mismatched dinnerware and new appliances. Draped over the oven handle is a dishtowel printed with a calendar for 1968, another tumultuous year. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Gaby Garver, a case worker with the Church World Service, leaves a home-cooked meal in a house prepared for the arrival of a Syrian refugee family. Photo: New York Times Then to the bedrooms upstairs. The children's twin beds, bought at discount, are covered with the black G of the Georgia Bulldogs, the winged wheel of the Detroit Red Wings and other invitations to sleep in cocoons of US culture. Armed with a list of what he needs, he and a colleague, Orion Hernandez, climb into a beaten-up van reeking of McDonald's. They head to Wal-Mart, where Digrugilliers recognizes a thin man - a Nepalese refugee who resettled here two years ago - leaving as he is walking in. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Cups and plates await the new owners of the home. Photo: New York Times "Hey, how are you?" Digrugilliers calls out. "Hello," the man calls back. Such encounters happen often in Lancaster, whose rich history of acceptance is rooted, in part, in the influence of the Mennonites, Amish and other faiths. A glimpse of the local worldview came in January when a supportive rally of more than 200 people drowned out a much smaller anti-immigrant protest outside the Church World Service office in Lancaster. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Luis Manuel Ortiz, a case worker with the Church World Service, hangs blinds in the home being prepared for the arrival of a Syrian refugee family. Photo: New York Times Sheila Mastropietro, the group's longtime supervisor in Lancaster, took heart in the moment. It reflected a communal understanding of both the global refugee crisis and the rigorous screening process that refugees undergo before coming to the United States. Still, given a President-elect who seems averse to the country's modest commitment to refugee relocation, Mastropietro says: "We don't know what to expect." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Volunteers and staff have painted walls, cleaned cabinets, carted in used furniture and stocked pantries in an effort to make things homey - but not too homey, lest it feel like someone else's home.  Photo: New York Times Last fiscal year, the Lancaster office of the Church World Service helped to resettle 407 of the 85,000 refugees admitted to the US; this fiscal year, its target is 550 of a hoped-for 110,000. "We are acting as if the numbers are going to be the same - until we hear something different," she says. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link A crucifix stands in the Old St Joseph's Cemetery, near the home prepared for the arrival of a Syrian refugee family in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. Photo: New York Times Decades of resettlement work have transformed the Lancaster area into a medley of cultures so rich that Amer al-Fayadh, 34, a senior case manager, struggles to name them all: "Syrians, Iraqis, Somalis, Congolese, Ukrainians, Belorussians, people from Kazakhstan. Then, of course, Lebanese, Palestinians. Bhutanese, Nepalese, Burmese, Sri Lankans ..." Fayadh arrived from Iraq in 2010. Though trained as an engineer, he worked at a Lowe's - customer service, paint, lawn and garden - and as a substitute teacher before being hired to help other refugees. He is accustomed to urgent late-night calls from fresh arrivals unfamiliar with, say, locks on doors. New clients are often at their breaking point, uncertain what to make of this exotic land called Pennsylvania. Knowing how difficult it can be for anyone in crisis to see ahead - to jobs, school, a future - Fayadh says he tries to impart a simple message: "OK. Tomorrow will be better." At Wal-Mart, Digrugilliers and Hernandez commandeer two shopping carts each and begin racing through the cavernous store like contestants on the old Supermarket Sweep game show, grabbing specific items, down to umbrellas and sanitary pads. His purchases complete, Digrugilliers mounts his cart and wheels it into the dusk like a skateboard, exuberant with hope that some refugee family's journey will be just as smooth. It is not. The Church World Service soon receives word that this particular family's resettlement has been delayed - a not-uncommon development that could be caused by something as simple as a spike in an asylum seeker's blood pressure at the airport. But there is no shortage of tempest-tossed refugees. Fayadh's supervisor, Valentina Ross, remembers that another Syrian family is arriving in a few days: a father, a mother, three daughters and a boy. They will need a home. Today is the day. A holiday spirit has taken hold in downtown Lancaster, with a colossal Christmas tree glittering in Penn Square and ancient brick houses swathed in festive lights. A mile away, a Church World Service case worker named Gaby Garver, a focused college graduate of 22, is collecting provisions for the new family at a food pantry. Signing some paperwork, she says: "And no meat products for the family, please." As Garver prepares to leave with milk, vegetables and other items, a pantry volunteer asks: "Since you didn't take any meat, would you like some extra rice?" Yes, please. More food is needed. Garver guides her 1999 Pontiac through the cold rain to the Save-A-Lot supermarket, where many goods sit in cut-open cardboard cases. She leaves 10 minutes later with bread, fruit, beans, sugar, tea and a receipt for $US26.58, to be deducted from the family's grant money. Hunched against the weather, the slight young woman makes two trips carrying the food into the drab grey house. After stocking the refrigerator and cabinet, she conducts a last-minute inspection. The fridge is cold. The tap has hot water. The burners on the gas stove ignite. Everything upstairs is fine as well, with even more homey touches added. New pyjamas and towels. New clothes hangers. New picture frames, showing stock photos of cheerful families, on the shelves. And on one twin bed, a child's soccer ball, still in its box. Hugs and handshakes The rain has stopped, a slice of moon risen. Garver is driving to the home of a Syrian family that arrived seven months ago. The mother has cooked a hot meal for the refugee family that is about to land any minute in New York, a good three-hour drive away. Inside, where five young children zip and waddle about, the prepared meal sits in expectation on the dining-room table: a large aluminium tray bountiful with chicken and rice and a huge bowl of salad. The oldest child, Mohamad, 14, helps Garver carry the food out to her vehicle, and she thanks him. He responds with the formality given to a new language being tried on for size. "You're welcome," the boy says, and smiles. Returning to the house, Garver fumbles in the dark to open the door while holding the tray of still-hot food. When she returns with the salad bowl, she stoops to collect a clump of junk mail. Later tonight, Garver and Fayadh will drive a Ford van to Lancaster Airport, where they will meet two representatives from the local Islamic centre. Soon after, another van will arrive from Kennedy International Airport. Hugs and handshakes will be exchanged in the December air. Luggage will be collected. And six Syrian refugees will be driven the 20 minutes to a warm home perfumed by warm food, in a city made radiant by the multi-coloured lights of the season. New York Times Related Content Now that Bana Alabed is safe, who will take her place for us? Advertisement Most Popular Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida 'Biggest typo ever': Washington Post in front page clanger Putin directed cyber campaign to help elect Trump: US intel report US airport gunman identified as Esteban Santiago Man almost dies in freak backpack accident Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida 'Biggest typo ever': Washington Post in front page clanger US intercepts capture senior Russian officials celebrating Donald Trump win Dylann Roof says it's 'not fair' he has to hear so much from the loved ones of his victims Uproar over Brazilian president's order of 1½ tonnes of cake for plane Canberra Times Man dies after injury at Summernats Funnel web spider bites Southern Highlands woman in bed 'Top bloke': Luke Newsome's fatal fall from ute at Summernats Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose The remarkable work of surgeons who saved Sarah's hand The Sydney Morning Herald Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida Funnel web spider bites Southern Highlands woman in bed Rove and Sam never stood a chance Saturday passenger numbers drop after Opal card changes Rove McManus and Sam Frost booted off 2DAY FM breakfast show The Age Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose Great white sharks spotted on Great Ocean Road, beaches closed 'Biggest typo ever': Washington Post in front page clanger Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida Spencer Street reopened after suspicious package closes down west end for three hours Brisbane Times 21 govt workers share in $55m Powerball win Toyota shares drop after targeted by Trump over Mexico manufacturing Qld teacher banned after sex with student during school hours Hammerhead shark caught at mouth of Brisbane River Advocacy group for small business criticises new $200K industry champion WA Today Bikers and Bunbury community rev up to grant Zane's birthday wish Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose Police remove fishing wire strung across Perth street 'Roadway lunacy' captured on camera in WA Family mourns teenager Wesley Ballantine, killed on Perth work site Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News World Americas Police union demands Amazon to remove 'Bulletproof Black Lives Matter' shirt Walmart pulled the shirt from its own marketplace last week Justin Carissimo New York @JstnMchl Sunday 25 December 2016 14:58 BST Click to follow The Independent US Amazon boxes are seen stacked for delivery in the Manhattan borough of New York City. Mike Segar/Reuters The US's largest police union has urged Amazon to remove a T-shirt from its third-party marketplace that says: “Bulletproof: Black Lives Matter”. The Fraternal Order of Police has already succeeded in having garment removed from Walmart supermarkets. But as of Sunday morning it was still available on Amazon.     Union president Chuck Canterbury said he didn't expect that to change anytime soon. Characterising Amazon as a “pretty liberal marketer", he told The Guardian that the T-shirt's rhetoric had inspired violence against members of law enforcement. According to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, 64 police officers have been fatally shot in the line of duty in 2016. At least 940 people have been killed by a police office across the country over the same period, according to the Washington Post database that tracks police violence. Protests and outrage across the US following killings by police 19 show all Protests and outrage across the US following killings by police 1/19 Protestors demand justice for Philando Castile on July 7, 2016 in St. Paul, Minnesota. Stephen Maturen/Getty 2/19 Protestors lie in an intersection during a demonstration for Philando Castile on July 7, 2016 in St. Paul, Minnesota. Stephen Maturen/Getty 3/19 Protestors lie in an intersection during a demonstration for Philando Castile on July 7, 2016 in St. Paul, Minnesota. Stephen Maturen/Getty 4/19 Protestors demand justice for Philando Castile on July 7, 2016 in St. Paul, Minnesota. Stephen Maturen/Getty 5/19 6/19 Protesters march throughout New York City. Timothy A Clary/AFP/Getty 7/19 Protesters march throughout New York City. Timothy A Clary/AFP/Getty 8/19 Protesters are arrested by NYPD as they call for justice throughout New York City. Timothy A Clary/AFP/Getty 9/19 Protesters are arrested by NYPD as they call for justice throughout New York City. AFP/Getty Images 10/19 AFP/Getty Images 11/19 AFP/Getty 12/19 AFP/Getty 13/19 AFP/Getty 14/19 AFP/Getty 15/19 AFP/Getty 16/19 AFP/Getty Images 17/19 Getty 18/19 Getty 19/19 Getty The owner of the Connecticut-based Old Glory Merchandise, which sells the shirt in question, doesn’t seem to be a staunch supporter of Black Lives Matter - the umbrella organisation formed to protest against percieved unjust policing in communities of colour. Owner Glenn Morelli told CNN that he quickly pulled the controversial shirt from his website after they failed to drive sales. “It wasn’t a big seller at all,” he said, adding that T-shirts in support of Blue Lives Matter - a pro-police movement - had sold more.  He added: "We don’t like to offend anybody... You have to sell all different kinds of shirts. It’s hard to make everybody happy." More about: Black Lives Matter Amazon Walmart Jeff Bezos Fraternal Order of Police Reuse content Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 11° F Few Clouds Hi: 20° F Lo: 13° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines BMI removes Kim Burrell from gospel trailblazers event Updated: 16 mins ago NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The performing rights organization BMI is the latest group to distance itself from gospel singer Kim Burrell after v… UN chief sees ‘historic opportunity’ for Cyprus breakthrough Updated: 16 mins ago UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Secretary-General Antonio Guterres believes there is “a historic opportunity” for a breakthrough in upcoming negotiati… US ambassador meets goal _ visiting 189 UN missions Updated: 16 mins ago FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone Updated: 36 mins ago 911 recordings: Man found dead in Maryland woods was naked Updated: 46 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 11° F Few Clouds Feels Like: -1° F Wind: W 8 Humidity: 56% Dewpoint: -2° F Sunrise: 7:45 AM Sunset: 4:56 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Local athlete played on national junior hockey team 5:49 pm The tournament concluded on Thursday. UMaine women’s hoops coach takes indefinite medical leave Updated: 13 mins ago ORONO, Maine (AP) — The women’s basketball coach at the University of Maine is taking an indefinite medical leave. UMaine announced Richard … No. 6 Kentucky encouraged by defensive results Updated: 13 mins ago Pinson set to return for No. 14 UNC against rival NC State Updated: 13 mins ago The Audcast, Episode 13: Sabres mailbag edition 2:31 pm Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 11° F Few Clouds Hi: 20° F Lo: 13° F NY Green Bank lends $25 million to fuel cell company The Associated Press Published: December 25, 2016, 9:38 am Updated: December 25, 2016, 12:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — The state-sponsored New York Green Bank is lending $25 million to an Albany-area manufacturer to expand fuel cell use at distribution centers for clients such as Wal-Mart and Home Depot. The Green Bank is a division of the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority. It was created to foster development of clean energy and reduce emissions linked to climate change. The Authority says the loan to Latham-based Plug Power will support the deployment of 1,300 fuel cell systems to distribution centers over the next three years. Under the agreement, Plug Power is to create up to 100 new jobs in New York. Plug Power makes hydrogen fuel cells that replace less-efficient and dirtier lead acid batteries in forklifts and pallet jacks. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Technology December 25, 2016 10:10 AM NY Green Bank lends $25 million to fuel cell company The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story ALBANY, N.Y. The state-sponsored New York Green Bank is lending $25 million to an Albany-area manufacturer to expand fuel cell use at distribution centers for clients such as Wal-Mart and Home Depot. The Green Bank is a division of the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority. It was created to foster development of clean energy and reduce emissions linked to climate change. The Authority says the loan to Latham-based Plug Power will support the deployment of 1,300 fuel cell systems to distribution centers over the next three years. Under the agreement, Plug Power is to create up to 100 new jobs in New York. Plug Power makes hydrogen fuel cells that replace less-efficient and dirtier lead acid batteries in forklifts and pallet jacks. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Technology Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:16 Video at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (Graphic Content) Pause 0:27 Video shows chaotic scene at baggage claim at FLL (Graphic Content) 0:16 Passengers on the tarmac at FLL airport 2:06 Surveillance video shows cracker and cookie heist 0:58 Dolphins Jay Ajayi wins team MVP award 2:39 Haitian Senator Ronald Lareche tries to force way into headquarter of the judicial police 1:55 Former Haiti coup leader Guy Philippe boards plane to Miami escorted by U.S. federal agents 0:33 SUV crashes through restaurant, nearly hits diners 1:04 Cuban military chant anti-Obama slogans 5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago Mark Cuban: AT&T, Time Warner merger needed for competition with major tech companies 5:13 a month ago Mark Cuban: AT&T, Time Warner merger needed for competition with major tech companies 0:37 4 months ago A laser-powered robot caterpillar 0:18 4 months ago Part of NASA rocket booster blows apart during test View more video Technology Miami startup LiveNinja is acquired by telecom player Apple CEO Tim Cook's pay slumps along with iPhone sales US designates election infrastructure as 'critical' US approves fix for some Volkswagen diesels The Latest at CES: Albert Einstein as an educational robot Technology Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Jobs Bestride Real Estate Classifieds E-Edition Subscriber Services Account Register Login Subscribe About Access E-Edition DMG Rewards Manage Subscription Customer Service Live chat Newsletters Manage Account Log Out Columbus, Ohio • Jan 06, 2017 • 9° Scattered Clouds The Columbus Dispatch News RSS Feeds Podcasts News Topics Business Crime & Safety Education Environment Government & Politics Legal Notices Local Lottery Medicine & Health Obituaries Offbeat Religion Science Special Reports US & World Weather Corrections   News Blogs -Browse by Topic- Business Columbus Education From the editor Local history Politics Public records Religion Science and environment News Blog Directory Commentary Alan D. Miller Theodore Decker John Switzer Sports RSS Feeds Podcasts College Sports Ohio State Sports at BuckeyeXtra.com Other Colleges High School High School Sports Other Sports Outdoors Pro Sports NHL: Blue Jackets at BlueJacketsXtra.com MLS: Crew MiLB: Clippers MLB: Reds & Indians NBA: Cavaliers NFL: Bengals & Browns Golf Auto Racing Sports Blogs -Browse by Sport- Blue Jackets Buckeye football Buckeye men's basketball Buckeye women's basketball Clippers Crew Golf High school sports Sports Blog Directory Commentary Michael Arace Bob Hunter Rob Oller Opinion RSS Feeds Podcasts Editorials Today's staff editorials 7-day archive Editorial Cartoons Recent Nate Beeler Cartoons Searchable Archive   Letters to the Editor Today's letters and web-only letters 30-day archive Submit your letter Op-Ed Columns Today's columns 30-day archive Life & Entertainment RSS Feeds Podcasts Life Topics Contests Fashion & Style Food Home & Garden Horoscopes Pets DispatchClassifieds.com Puzzles Travel Weekly Ads Entertainment Books Celebrities Dining Events Movies Music Television Theater Life Blogs -Browse by Topic- Cycling Food For kids Joe Blundo Pop culture Old houses Pets Real estate Theater Life & Entertainment Blog Directory Commentary Joe Blundo Advice Columns Reader Columns Services Customer Service Manage Subscription Live chat Call Service: 1-877-734-7728 Call Billing: 1-866-790-7748 Subscription Home delivery E-Edition Submissions Obituaries In Memoriams Celebration Announcements (ceremonies, engagements, etc.) Letters to the Editor Entertainment Events at ColumbusAlive.com DMG Rewards Current Rewards Advertising Place an Ad Media Kit Other Services Weekly Ads Coupons Columbus Savvy Shopper Dispatch Events Newspapers in Education Contact Need help? Visit our FAQ page or use our Contact Form. Customer Service Need help? Try our live chat or online customer service. For service, call 1-877-734-7728. For billing, call 1-866-790-7748. For other inquiries, use our Contact Form or Staff Directory. Subscriptions Subscribe to The Dispatch online or call 1-877-734-7728. Advertising To place help wanted ads, call 614-888-8888 or visit ColumbusJobs.com For private seller and classified advertising, call 614-888-8888 or visit DispatchClassifieds.com. For retail advertising, call 614-461-5500 or email us. For national advertising, call 614-461-5199. For online advertising, call 614-461-5143 or email us. Newsroom To send news tips, use our News Tip Form or call 614-461-5200. Visit our Staff Directory. Use our Contact Form, or call 614-461-5200. Dispatch Careers Visit dispatch.com/careers or call 614-461-5033. Fax 614-461-5565. Interested in delivering The Dispatch or The Bag? Check out dispatch.com/delivery or dispatch.com/bagdelivery. Subscribe Total Access Enjoy the convenience of home delivery plus Digital D. Sign up for our BEST VALUE today! Select Digital D Online? On the go? Enjoy unlimited premium dispatch.com content plus the E-Edition for computer and iPad. Select Home Delivery Award-winning journalism conveniently delivered to your home. Choose the custom package best suited for you! Select E-Edition Weekly Ads Video Photos Data Obituaries Hot Links: no title Columbus Zoo's snake-necked turtle OSU student killed Missing plane located? Jane Timken prevails as GOP chair The Limited to close all shops Home News Religion Family takes essentials directly to homeless each Christmas Request to buy this photo Barbara J. Perenic | Dispatch A man, left, accepts food, clothes and toiletries from Karry Ellis, center, and son Dustin outside Columbus Fire Station 10 on W. Broad Street on the Hilltop on Saturday. Ellis, 61, started what his six adult children call “The Dad Project” in 2005, and the family has continued it each year around Christmas Day. Request to buy this photo Barbara J. Perenic | Dispatch Karry Ellis receives a hug from a woman while passing out food, clothing and toiletries near W. Broad Street. Request to buy this photo Barbara J. Perenic | Dispatch Abby Ellis, left, Karry Ellis’ youngest child, helps a woman receiving food and clothing. More Religion stories 'Burqa'-wearing Mary causes stir in Italy Pope Francis repeats call for 'zero tolerance' Pope: Maintain ‘zero tolerance’ for child abuse South Side man finds opportunity to serve, lead close to home Teen pregnancy: Christian program plans to expand central Ohio outreach 'Holy grail' of German abbey books in limbo More Religion Stories Worship Directory Find a House of Worship By Mary Beth Lane The Columbus Dispatch  •  Sunday December 25, 2016 8:12 AM On the day after Christmas in 2005, Karry Ellis sat by himself in his home. His six children were out socializing, and he was alone with his thoughts. He very much missed his wife, Martha, who had died of breast cancer the year before. Ellis couldn’t stop thinking about her, but his thoughts also fixed on a homeless young couple with a baby whom he had run across just a few days before Christmas while on duty as a Columbus assistant fire chief. The family was living in the woods behind an abandoned Kmart store on West Broad Street. “Man, that broke my heart,” he recalled. “That’s all I could think about. I thought, ‘I’m going to do something.’” It was then that the Ellis family tradition that they now know as The Dad Project began. Ellis left his musings behind and drove to a Wal-Mart store, where he bought Pampers, thermal underwear, oranges, Pop-Tarts and other provisions. He then delivered the goods to the family in the woods. The parents sobbed their thanks. Ellis has continued to help people every year since, and his children, ranging in age from 44 to 19, now are assistants. His eldest, Kara, nicknamed it The Dad Project. Kasi Ellis Orcutt and Dustin, Stephanie, Connor and Abby Ellis also help out. Usually on the day after Christmas (this year, the day before), the family loads several sport-utility vehicles with bags of food and warm clothing and delivers the supplies to people living in homeless encampments, under bridges or elsewhere on the streets of Columbus. Ellis and his children shop at places such as Wal-Mart and the Salvation Army to collect the coats and jackets, gloves, hats and socks, and fresh fruit, lunch meat and string cheese that they give away. They try to gather enough provisions so that each person they meet can have a bag of food and a bag of clothing. “This is the shopping I enjoy doing the most, more than any other presents,” Kara Ellis said as she handed out clothing and food from the tailgate of her SUV to homeless people who live near the Franklinton neighborhood. Jack Anders walked over to ask if she had socks. She handed him a pair of nice, thick, wool ones. Anders, who said he is 65 and has been homeless for the past eight years because of his heavy drinking, was grateful. “They are a little something that helps you get by to the next day,” he said. Ellis, who worked for the Columbus Division of Fire for 35 years before retiring in 2015, knows that some of the homeless people might be wanted on arrest warrants or have drug problems. But, as he tells his kids, that doesn’t matter. “We don’t judge anybody,” he said. “If they’re hungry and they’re cold and it’s Christmas Eve, we’re going to try to make them a little more comfortable.” Ellis, who is 61, watched as his children handed out the clothing and food. “Probably even after I’m gone, they’re going to continue doing it,” he said, “and that makes me feel good.” mlane@dispatch.com @MaryBethLane1 Favorite Print Story Advertisement • Place an ad News Video More Videos Advertisement • Place an ad Explore Columbus Search Businesses Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Add Your Business COLUMBUS ATTRACTIONS Columbus Bars Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Columbus Doctors Medical Specialists Contractors Construction Education in Columbus Lawn Services Lawyers in Columbus Shopping in Columbus Travel to Columbus Tanning in Columbus Used Cars in Columbus Wedding Services News Blogs The Daily Briefing Brown to vote against Sessions for attorney general Colleague's civil rights record concerning The Bottom Line Repealing Obamacare provisions figures to hurt Ohio economy Ohio could lose 126,000 jobs, report finds The Bottom Line Jeni's gets cameo in latest Jerry Seinfeld skit Seinfeld's Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee drops in on Jeni's L.A. store The Daily Briefing Donald Trump's personal phone calls up stakes for Ohio Republican chairman battle Lies, rules violations alleged in party fight More News Blogs Advertisement • Place an ad Advertisement • Place an ad Site Map About the Dispatch About Our Ads Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contacts Store Work with Us News Business Crime & Safety Education Environment Government & Politics Local Medicine & Health Obituaries Religion Science US & World Weather Sports Ohio State Sports at BuckeyeXtra.com Other Colleges NHL: Blue Jackets at BlueJacketsXtra.com MLS: Crew MiLB: Clippers MLB: Reds & Indians NBA: Cavaliers NFL: Bengals & Browns Golf Sports Commentary High School Sports Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Nate Beeler Cartoons Op-Ed Columnists Life Topics Contests Fashion & Style Food Home & Garden Travel Advice Columns Joe Blundo Columns Entertainment Topics Books Dining Events Movies Music Theater Classifieds Columbus Jobs Columbus Real Estate Bestride Dispatch Classifieds Services Customer Service Reader Rewards Place an Ad Submissions Reader Options Home Delivery Archive Mobile E-Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Podcasts Dispatch Media Group Dispatch Media Group Browse Affiliate Sites Dispatch Media Group The Columbus Dispatch BlueJacketsXtra BuckeyeXtra Columbus Alive Columbus Parent Columbus Monthly Columbus Weddings Columbus CEO ThisWeek Community News Advertisement • Place an ad Advertisement • Place an ad © Copyright 2017 GateHouse Media, Inc. and Propel/DMG, reproduction prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 27° F Broken Clouds Hi: 34° F Lo: 18° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 3 Weather Alerts 8 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines New Haven city workers are ready for first snow storm of 2017 Updated: 8 mins ago New Haven city workers began preparing for the storm earlier this week pretreating streets with a brine solution. Laurence Grotheer the dire… Secretary of State Denise Merrill To Appoint Scott Bates As Deputy Secretary of State Updated: 18 mins ago Scott Bates of Stonington will be appointed to serve as Deputy Secretary of State effective January 24th, 2017. The post was previously held… Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales Updated: 26 mins ago FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone Updated: 27 mins ago Fiat Chrysler recalls 100K vehicles to fix Takata air bags Updated: 30 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 27° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 20° F Wind: N 6 Humidity: 49% Dewpoint: 10° F Sunrise: 7:17 AM Sunset: 4:38 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 27° F Broken Clouds Hi: 34° F Lo: 18° F What’s open and what’s closed on Christmas Day 2016 By Jesse Gosselin, News 8 Digital Executive Producer Published: December 25, 2016, 7:21 am Updated: December 25, 2016, 7:25 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) - FILE - Convenience store aisle (Image: Shutterstock) (WTNH) — A majority of businesses across Connecticut are closed for Christmas, but there are some stores and restaurants that remain open on the holiday. No mail will be delivered Sunday, as post offices across the state are closed on Sunday anyway. Major couriers UPS and FedEx are also closed today. Many gas stations are open, but some will have shortened hours today. Plan accordingly if you expect to drive long distances. December 25th is the one day each year where almost every grocery store is closed. That includes the major chains like Stop & Shop, ShopRite, Whole Foods, Trader Joe’s, Costco, BJ’s, and Price Chopper. Malls and retail stores in Connecticut are also closed today. Most will reopen on Monday morning. If there is a specific store you’re hoping to visit this weekend, be sure to give them a call to confirm they are open before you make the trip. These national retailers disclosed their 2016 Christmas Day schedule earlier this year. All of these businesses are closed today: Apple Store Barnes & Noble Bed Bath & Beyond Best Buy Big Lots BJ’s Wholesale Costco Dick’s Sporting Goods Dollar General GameStop Gap Hobby Lobby IKEA JCPenney Kohl’s Macy’s Marshalls Old Navy Office Depot/Max Sears Staples Target Toys”R”Us Walmart If you’re looking to get something to eat on Christmas Day, there are some national restaurant chains that have announced they are open today: Applebee’s – Hours vary by location Baskin-Robbins – Closes at 5:00pm Boston Market – Hours vary by location Buffalo Wild Wings- Hours vary by location Burger King Denny’s Dunkin’ Donuts Golden Corral – Hours vary by location IHOP Jack in the Box – Hours vary by location McDonald’s – Hours vary by location Panda Express Perkins – Hours vary by location Pizza Hut – Hours vary by location Ruby Tuesday – Hours vary by location Sonic Drive-In – Hours vary by location Starbucks Coffee – Hours vary by location Subway – Hours vary by location Taco Bell Waffle House If you’re unsure if you’re favorite local restaurant is open on Christmas, it is best to give them a call. Christmas Day is a big day for movie theaters. Many theaters in Connecticut are open. Check the theater’s schedule to make sure they’re open today before driving over. Liquor stores are closed on Christmas Day, but bars and taverns are open at their owner’s discretion if you’re looking to get a drink. Banks are closed, but most banks have 24-hour automated teller machines available if you need cash. Many pharmacies will be open today, including CVS, Walgreens, and Rite Aid, but the hours may vary. Call ahead before making the trip. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Christmas Eve is a busy day for stores The holiday weekend travel rush has begun in Connecticut Thanksgiving Day shopping is here to stay _ with some tweaks Crews, stores prepare for storm expected on busy shopping day Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
7:09 PM Fri, Jan. 06th Weather  39.0° News Tips - Contact Editor e-Edition Sign in The Daily Courier Jump to content Search Sponsored By: News Business Elections Neighbors Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Blogs Sportsf High School College Local National NAZ Suns Kudos Out & About Chew on this Music & Nightlife Words Stage & Screen Art & Style Features Real Estate Life Couples Birth Recognition Obituaries Classifieds More 928 Media Lab Archives: Pre-Web Arizona Rewards Courier Cooks Newsletter Event Calendar Mobile Apps Other Publications Photo Galleries Place an Ad Public Notices Purchase a Photo Real Estate Search Special Sections Submissions Subscriber Services (Start / Stop) This Week's Circulars (Flipp) TV Listings Worship Directory Contact Us Get a few gift duds in the old stocking this year? Here is what to consider if you want to return them By Max Efrein Originally Published: December 25, 2016 6 a.m. Share Tweet mefrein Adobe Stock An unbecoming sweater. An animatronic singing fish. A designer lump of coal. Gifts can sometimes be unusual or flat-out unwanted. Fortunately, many major retailers take this into account by extending their return policies for the holiday season. For instance, companies such as Wal-Mart, Sears and Amazon have provided additional cushion for consumers — and gift recipients — who purchased items between Nov. 1 and Dec. 24. However, there are still many businesses that aren’t so lenient. “A lot of stores have stuck with just their typical 30 days,” said Kerry Sherin, shopping and savings expert with Offers.com. Therefore, if a gift was bought in early December and the company it was bought from only has a 30-day return policy, the recipient of that gift will only have until early January to return it or not. Of course, in order to return something, it must at least have a receipt and be in good condition. Therefore, one thing to keep in mind while opening gifts is to keep everything together. This may include receipts, price tags and boxes. “Keep them in a safe, low-traffic area of the house so you can have a seamless holiday return trip,” Sherin said. “The longer you wait, the more chance there is to spill coffee on the receipt or on the manual to your new vacuum.” If returning an unwanted gift is no longer an option, look on the bright side, there’s always an opportunity to re-gift it next year. Sign in to favorite this Discuss 3 comments More like this story Tips for many happy returns Avoid the headache, keep gift receipts Shops: Keep those receipts, tags for ease Talk of the Town: Lighting encourages kindness, community SOCIAL SECURITY: Share the gift of security Sign in to comment Comments Comments are not posted immediately. Submissions must adhere to our Use of Service Terms of Use agreement. Rambling or nonsensical comments may not be posted. Comment submissions may not exceed a 200 word limit, and in order for us to reasonably manage this feature we may limit excessive comment entries. BrotherJim 1 week, 5 days ago Another option: Donate an unwanted gift to one of the many thrift stores in the area. No waiting in line for an overworked customer service representative, and the chance to help someone else out. Merry Christmas to all. Upvote 0 Add photo Post reply Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal Votey_McVoteface 1 week, 5 days ago I got a brand new arms race, reminiscent of a decades old one, for X-mas. That was definitely not on my wish list and is certainly not anything that should be re-gifted! I don't know the guy that gave it to me very well and I don't think anyone else does either. Any thoughts on how I can get him to take it back? I think it has to be handled rather delicately as he has a fragile ego and a temperament that leads him to lash out in an unpredictable manner at the slightest perceived threat, insult, challenge or rejection. Upvote 0 Add photo Post reply Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal MOST READ 7 days 30 days Unusual animals stop traffic in Williamson Valley Need 2 Know: Prescott Valley Crossroads getting two new developments; Soldi Creative Cuisine closing; Mogies reopening 2 stabbed in Prescott fight; Phoenix man arrested Police activity shuts down Mobile Circle West in Prescott Valley Governor ready to fight if Obama creates monument Prescott man gets 30 years for child prostitution Renting, photo radar, notices, fines, among new laws; a few started in August, some kicked in Jan. 1 2 storms to bring rain to much of Arizona, snow to Flagstaff Prescott movie theater moves to reserved seating Shooting range cleanup to cost Forest Service nearly $1 million Missing man found dead Winter storm socks Arizona; road closures announced (PHOTO GALLERY) Body of missing Prescott Valley man found Suspect attempts 2 PV bank robberies in rapid succession, crashes in pursuit and is captured Missing Yarnell woman found dead Unusual animals stop traffic in Williamson Valley Former Prescott pastor charged with child molestation Courthouse events curtailed Northern Arizona gets a White Christmas - and some road issues (PHOTO GALLERY) Need 2 Know: Prescott Valley Crossroads getting two new developments; Soldi Creative Cuisine closing; Mogies reopening SECTIONS News Opinion Sports Kudos Features Life Obituaries CLASSIFIEDS Main Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an Ad Contact Us EVENTS Today's Events Births Wedding Engagement Search Events Submit Event SUBMISSIONS Submit a News Tip Birth Wedding Engagement Anniversary Website Feedback Subscriber Services PROFILE Sign In Newsletter Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 The Daily Courier and Western News & Info®, Inc. All rights reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / The quest for 20,000; Retail’s last stand; Trump tweet watch The quest for 20,000; Retail’s last stand; Trump tweet watch Posted on Sunday, December 25, 2016 by CNN in Business News 1. Dow edging toward 20,000: Another week’s gone by and the Dow is still hovering just below 20,000. On Tuesday the index hit an all-time high of 19,988, but it wasn’t able to clear the milestone. There isn’t much significance to the number 20,000 other than an impressive way for stocks to cap off 2016 — and an indicator of how speedy and robust the post-election stock rally has been. We’re still hoping to release our imaginary balloons onto the NYSE floor next week, but we’re not holding our breath. The week between Christmas and New Year’s tends to be a quiet one. In the meantime, CNNMoney’s Paul La Monica strolled down memory lane and took a look at what happened to the companies that left the Dow over the past twenty years. 2. Last chance to pull out of the retail slump: It hasn’t been an easy year for retailers. Macy’s lowered its forecast for the year after disappointing first quarter results, and Target followed suit over the summer. And though Walmart had a good summer, it’s having a rough first half of the year — the retailer shuttered stores and saw its shares fall. Brick and mortar stores are no longer experiencing much of a Black Friday boost, so last-minute holiday shopping could be their final hope. Amazon, on the other hand, continues to sit pretty as the king of e-commerce. More people did holiday shopping at Amazon than at Macy’s, Walmart, Target and Best Buy combined this year. 3. Trump tweet watch continues: Trump’s trigger-happy Twitter fingers are causing trouble for American businesses. After he tweeted a threat earlier this month to break Boeing’s Air Force One contract with the government, Boeing’s shares dipped. Then, when Trump said he might tap Boeing to replace Lockheed Martin in a deal with pentagon, Lockheed’s stock fell. Though Trump has been a boon for the market at large, this tendency to single out companies has some fearing his Twitter wrath in the new year. But maybe they shouldn’t worry: The stocks of 10 U.S. companies that Donald Trump took jabs at during the campaign and after rose on average, 9% in the month after Election Day (the S&P 500 rose 5% during that same span). Companies including Ford, Carrier parent company United Technologies, and CNN owner Time Warner are all performing well, despite Trump’s harsh tweets. 4. Coming this week: Monday – U.S. markets are closed. Tuesday – Pending home sales index for November release. Wednesday – Consumer confidence index for December release. Thursday – Jobless claims. Friday – U.S. bond market closes at 2 p.m. Going solo made George Michael a megastar Trump's trade rep: Lawyer Robert Lighthizer is top pick Related Posts New Health Insurance Unit Offers Help to Pennsylvania Consumers Warren Buffett has a year to forget Stocks: 3-day rally lifts Dow 794 points Facebook goes after Facegloria Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Firefighters unable to pinpoint source of several reports of natural gas leaks Print Email Danielle Salisbury | Danielle_Salisbury@mlive.com By Danielle Salisbury | Danielle_Salisbury@mlive.com The Jackson Citizen Patriot on December 25, 2016 at 8:22 AM, updated December 25, 2016 at 8:23 AM comments File photoMLive Media Group  JACKSON, MI - Jackson firefighters responded Saturday night to several reports of a smell of natural gas in various areas of the city, but authorities never were able to identify the source. The reports mostly came from the west side, but they stretched from Loomis Park on Gilbert Street to Walmart on W. Michigan Avenue, said Capt. Bob Walkowicz, who wrote five reports on natural gas odor investigations. Summit Township firefighters had two reports around 9 p.m. Dec. 24. Walkowicz said Consumers Energy representatives and Blackman-Leoni Township public safety officers also were involved. The smell was not consistent despite an almost total lack of wind Saturday night, Walkowciz said. Eventually, the gas dissipated without incident, firefighters said.   Detroit Auto Show Rundown of vehicle unveilings Early peek at the auto show floor Ram 1500 special edition to debut at auto show Complete coverage » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar 7 Day Forecast Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Politics Election results News Videos Zika Virus MLK in Memphis Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Holiday guide Back to School 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More BREAKING NEWS FOX13 Forecast: Winter Weather Advisory for the Mid-South Live Weather Radar 1/2 FOX13 Newsletter Sign Up Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power by: ANNE D\'INNOCENZIO, AP Retail Writer Updated: Dec 24, 2016 - 2:48 PM Twtter NEW YORK (AP) - The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it'll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early '80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-'90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. "There was a mindset even before online shopping," said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. "But this just accelerated it." In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. "I'm pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV," Terry Kreft, 38, said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called "Black Friday" and "Cyber Monday." "I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling," Kreft said. But a late rush isn't expected to make up the difference. "It's no longer a seasonal business," said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. "It's a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season - and all year long." Here's what's behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON'T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS: Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. "People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for," said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISCOUNTING: With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won't break the habit. "The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items," said Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track. "Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales." One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren't booked as sales until they're redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 percent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 percent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy's have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 percent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 percent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 percent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. ___ Associated Press writer Bruce Shipkowski in Brick, New Jersey contributed to this report. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power Reynolds, Fisher laid to rest at Hollywood Hills cemetery Beat poet David Meltzer dead at age 79 US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 EEOC Statement FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Tempo Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in Light One Candle: Readers respond generously Sunday Dec 25, 2016 at 2:00 AM Dec 27, 2016 at 7:32 AM Sarah Lemon for the Mail Tribune @thewholedish Open hearts and sympathetic spirits are the season’s greatest gifts for a teen survivor of sexual assault and other recipients of Mail Tribune readers’ generosity. Students of the Crater High School Transition Program embraced the story of a 16-year-old girl who yearns for advanced education, a chance to play sports and, above all, acceptance among her peers since molestation and rape stole her childhood. Facing their own fears of fitting in, 13 students in Celine Buczek’s class composed hand-written letters of encouragement for the girl to accompany $400 in clothing, sportswear and gift cards. “That kind of support — even more than the money — was just a profound thing for her healing,” said Susan Moen, who represents the teen client of Jackson County Sexual Assault Response Team. “They know the power of healing,” said Buczek, whose class of 18- to 21-year-olds donated the majority of proceeds they raised from picking and preserving apples to a girl they’d never met but with whom they felt a connection. “It’s nice for her to know that her story meant something to other people.” Stories in the newspaper’s annual Light One Candle series sparked an outpouring of sentiment for 11 local families and two individuals who have endured homelessness, domestic violence, chronic illness, disabilities, drug use and other hardships. Donations to nonprofit organizations on these clients’ behalf have furnished homes, supplied sturdy clothing, paid for education and counseling, piled gifts under Christmas trees and filled holiday tables with food. “I can’t believe what this town has done for us,” said a 41-year-old mother of four who fled her abusive husband a month ago. “My kids have Christmas now because people read our story and cared enough to help.” Bedding and clothing were the Medford family’s most immediate needs, fulfilled beyond the expectations of Community Works, which advocates for the family and arranges its temporary housing. Gift cards for groceries and cash donations will help the mother save money toward an apartment. The kids — age 5, 8, 13 and 16 — will celebrate Christmas with a play kitchen and other toys, books and passes to Tinseltown. Movies, rock climbing, YMCA memberships and other playful pursuits outside their cramped quarters will cheer up a Medford family of five. Small appliances, bedding and clothing will ease their worries from cancer, unemployment and homelessness. Many donors to Maslow Project on behalf of the parents and three children were, themselves, cancer survivors, said case manager Kirstin Cronin. A few offered their phone numbers if the family wanted to confide in someone, said Cronin, and one family issued an invitation to its Christmas dinner. Meals away from home are vital for a single mother who makes frequent trips to Doernbecher Children’s Hospital in Portland for her youngest daughter’s cancer treatments. In addition to restaurant gift certificates and gas cards, funds to shop at Albertsons, Fred Meyer, Target, Walmart and other grocery stores will benefit the Medford family of five. The 4-year-old girl whose health has been so precarious can cuddle with new dolls, stuffed animals and fuzzy blankets. A 5-year-old boy’s hospitalization at Doernbecher split up his family after a traumatic car crash. Recently reunited in Medford but lacking furnishings for their new home, family members received kitchen appliances, dishes, bedding and other household goods. Toys for the three kids, clothing and hundreds of dollars donated to Maslow Project on their behalf are a warm welcome to this family’s new community. Warm wintertime clothing is essential for a Medford family who walks to work, school and everywhere else. New coats and other outerwear will shield them from the elements while a new washer and dryer will lighten some of their load. Children’s Advocacy Center in Medford also received a microwave, blankets, bicycles, gift cards for groceries, football-themed items for the father and jewelry for the mother of a 9-year-old boy. A trip to see his mother for Christmas is a delight for a 21-year-old man with developmental disabilities. Awaiting his return to Medford are warm blankets, jackets, gloves, hats, socks, slippers, shoes and other clothing to replace items damaged when broken plumbing flooded his apartment. A $250 cash donation to Pathway Enterprises on his behalf will augment savings for a new apartment. And professional attire will aid his search for employment. A Medford father of five who recently lost his job was overcome with emotion as he received numerous Christmas gifts for his children. The kids, age 2 to 12, will enjoy a play vacuum, tricycle, doll with clothing, Legos and football-themed attire. The father’s desire to take his family camping was acknowledged with a donation of camp chairs. Healthy family meals are the mother’s goal with a new hand-held mixer, slow cooker and kitchen knives. The entire family, clients of CASA of Jackson County, can look forward to family nights at restaurants and the movies, funded with gift cards. Family evenings spent indoors are a dream come true for a single mother of five, expecting her sixth, who was homeless just a month ago. Donations to ACCESS Inc. entirely furnished her new rental residence in Medford. “The house was completely bare, and now she has a couch; she has chairs,” said ACCESS’s Matthew Vorderstrasse, who traversed the county from Gold Hill to Ashland Thursday to pick up furnishings, housewares, bedding — including handmade blankets — and other gifts. A local family made a special toy donation for each child, age 1 to 11, to open on Christmas. Another donor assembled a crib for the new baby, who also received clothing and toys. A crib for a 6-month-old girl and toddler bed for her 2-year-old brother are among the new amenities of a Talent family’s trailer. The family of six also received blankets, toys and $200 in monetary donations to Kids Unlimited that will help the mother pay fees for her college courses. More education is the dearest wish of the 16-year-old survivor of sexual assault. The majority of cash donations — about $1,300 — to SART on her behalf will provide tutoring to prepare the girl for college, said Moen. Donors, many living on their own lean budgets, also pledged funds to the girl’s counseling and participation in sports. “She was completely overwhelmed,” said Moen of her client’s reaction to the donations. The lesson is generosity is likely to become an annual tradition for Buczek’s class, which also gained practical experiences in operating a business and budgeting for purchases. “They were so thrilled at how much money we raised,” said Buczek. “My students were just beaming. “It’s such a great way to take the focus off receiving.” Freelance writer Sarah Lemon, who also writes a food blog for the Mail Tribune called "The Whole Dish," can be reached by email at thewholedish@gmail.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements Obituaries Story ideas Since you asked Alerts Email Alerts RSS Feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Mail Tribune Daily Tidings The Nickel Shop Our Valley Blogs Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MailTribune.com ~ P.O. Box 1108, Medford, OR 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime, Courts and Emergency Services Education Environment State News Obituaries Weather Photo Galleries Politics and Elections Since You Asked Mail Tribune 100 Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports College Sports Pro Sports Community Sports Prep Notebook Auto Racing Obituaries Business Real Estate News People In Business Transportation Agriculture Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Guest Opinions Lifestyle Food Home and Garden Health Hiking Biking Faith Milestones and Achievements Columnist for a Day Rogue Healthy Aging Tempo Theater Music Community Events Movies Dining More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs TV Listings Movie Listings Oregon Outdoors Oregon Healthy Living Special Sections Contests Branded Content Submit Your Announcements Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber controls Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Advertising contacts Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
FRI, JAN 06, 2017 | -12 °C Clear Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 19 minutes ago Canadians reported safe after Florida airport shooting that left five dead Canadian government officials were trying to determine whether any... Latest News SEE MORE 6 dead, 900 arrested in Mexico gas price protests Health Canada sending rape kits to Ontario reserves amid community pressure Russia’s role in Syria undiminished despite latest withdrawal Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 2 hours ago Alberta fires push Canada’s insurable damage to record $4.9 billion in 2016 The wildfires in Fort McMurray, Alta., and flooding in Atlantic Canada... Latest Business News SEE MORE Mexican Ford workers blame Trump for dashing dreams Visa-Walmart deal sparks concern about higher fees for merchants Chinese tech firms use gadget show as a launch pad for U.S. Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 19 minutes ago Australia close in on series sweep; Pakistan 127-5 at lunch Australia close in on series sweep; Pakistan 127-5 at lunch Latest Sports News SEE MORE Silent Bird wins feature by a neck at Santa Anita P.J. Fleck leaving Western Michigan to coach Minnesota Cowboys' Jerry Jones unfazed by uncertain future of defence Arts & Entertainment Books Contests Dining Out Music Events Movies TV Listings Wow Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region 1 hour ago Fadi Fawaz: 'Police have not accused me of anything' George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz has told the Daily Mail that police... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Ciara drops Future lawsuit 'Things not great' between Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West Vivica A. Fox and 50 Cent end feud Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 7 hours ago I hereby resolve — no more children, not ever If you don’t want children, don’t’ have them. But if you do, then don’t... Editorial Cartoon - Jan. 4 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week Jan 05, 2017 Insect pasta sauce makers want you to eat bugs 'Moving away from the fear factor:' Bringing insects into mainstream diets Latest Stories SEE MORE Tips for conquering debt in the new year Insect pasta sauce makers want you to eat bugs Living near busy road ups dementia risk: study Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 11 hours ago The life microbial: A gut makeover could be a good investment in your health Intestinal-tract diversity makes for better health in general Latest Living stories SEE MORE Best apps to help you keep your 2017 New Year’s resolutions Six mistakes you might be making in hanging or cleaning your art Yes, you can sow seeds today. Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 50% off a Cemetery Monument or Accessories discount: 50% | value: $500.00 | You Save: $250.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Get a jump on spring cleaning Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca Up to 50% off a Cemetery Monument or Accessories discount: 50% | value: $500.00 | You Save: $250.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Kitchen sinks by Hammond Home News Amazon gets bigger slice of holiday online... | Dec 25, 2016  |  Vote 0    0 Amazon gets bigger slice of holiday online spending pie: data Hamilton Spectator By Angel Gonzalez SEATTLE — Amazon.com has seen its already dominant share of online shopping rise in the walk-up to the holidays, says e-commerce consultancy Slice Intelligence. Data gathered by the consultancy indicated that 46 per cent of online spending during the week ending Dec. 17 went to Amazon, up from 42.3 per cent the previous week. That's way more than any other retailer selling online, according to Slice. The runner-up was Best Buy, which accounted for 2.9 per cent of online spending. Amazon's nemesis Walmart came up third, with 2.6 per cent. The average Amazon order was $67 US. Slice Intelligence says it mines data from email receipts from hundreds of thousands of retailers and also tracks a large panel of online shoppers. The company also tracked how quickly packages land on customers' doorsteps. The average package from sellers took three days to deliver versus five days last year. That's despite what carriers say are record shipments. Experts have said that since the beginning of the critical holiday retail season, shipments are up 12 per cent. The Slice numbers show a couple of things. First, more aggressive online retail efforts by competitors don't seem to have eroded Amazon's dominance. Also, the logistics problems that have frustrated Christmas shoppers in recent years seem to have been kept in check due to massive investment by Amazon and by third-party carriers such as FedEx and UPS. The Seattle Times | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News World 5 dead, 8 wounded in airport shooting; US veteran arrested Snapshot Business Engineering firm moving 500 employees into office in Waterloo’s Idea Quarter Snapshot Local Waterloo Region trailer park picks up the pieces Snapshot Local Pedestrians hit in Kitchener, Cambridge Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos News Jeff Heer Photo Gallery Unsilent Night 2016 Photo Gallery New Hamburg and Baden Santa Parades 2016 Photo Gallery 2016 KW Santa Claus Parade The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Waterloo Region trailer park picks up the pieces Pedestrian seriously hurt after struck by vehicle in Kitchener Engineering firm moving 500 employees into office in Waterloo’s Idea Quarter Former legal clerk glorified drunk driving before crash that killed cyclist Waterloo Region death notices for Jan. 5 In Your Neighbourhood Today Snow about…PARKING There is NO OVERNIGHT PARKING on City of Kitchener streets between December 1 and March 31. Even if... Getting your cat ready for the purrfect kennel visit Bringing your feline friend to CatNap Cottages in Guelph is pleasant for both you and your cat,... Critical illness insurance: Safety net for serious health conditions Critical illness insurance is a type of health insurance that can be invaluable to you and your... Bolt and Nut Supply has affordable wiper options Cambridge’s Bolt and Nut Supply understands that budgets are important when it comes to your tools... How to set a formal dinner table For your reading enjoyment, revered brand Royal Doulton in St. Jacobs, Waterloo, is pleased to... Periodontal disease: Healthy gums are critical to your health Periodontal disease affects many of us to one degree or another, and the King Street Dental Centre... Big Brothers Big Sisters Big Brothers Big Sisters of Waterloo Region in Cambridge, partner mentors with children to help... Retirement planning: Your path to a financially comfortable retirement Retirement planning is something that’s best started in the early part of your working years, but... The pool: Your secret weapon for getting in shape The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge is a popular recreation centre and fitness facility. It offers... Becker Bros. Towing: Celebrating 29 years Becker Bros. Towing of Kitchener is family owned company proudly celebrating 29 years in the... Cellulite is no match for effective clinic treatment Cellulite is a source of anxiety for many people, but Couture Laser Clinic in Guelph is your... Live edge wood designs Millgrove Wood Products Ltd. in Hamilton works with Mother Nature, one of the greatest designers,... 12 ways to make your home more energy efficient Improving your home’s energy efficiency doesn’t have to involve expensive upgrades or months of... Waterloo building contractor stays in the lead with project tracking software Building construction firm Duane Erb Construction in Waterloo stays on the cutting edge of project... Experience fine dining at its best at Napa Grille and Wine Den Cambridge’s Napa Grille and Wine Den is the region’s choice for fine dining, and you don’t need to... How to host a tea party Whether for Sunday, Mother’s Day or any day, Royal Doulton in St. Jacobs widely encourages tea... Meet the new owners of Good Boys Duct Cleaning Services Kevin and Chantelle Wilson are pleased to introduce themselves as the new owners of Good Boys Duct... The best Asian flavours served to you in a healthy way When you want the best Asian cuisine without having to travel thousands of miles, you can visit... Dealing with wisdom teeth Wisdom teeth can be a real problem, but King Street Dental Centre of Waterloo can help. Dr. A.... Specialized towing: Flatbed and tilt-and-load tow trucks Becker Bros. Towing is a family owned company that has proudly served the Kitchener community and... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal 50% off Battered Wild Caught Haddock Portions $25 View Deal 42% off Canadian Haddock $35 View Deal 43% off Boston Blue Fish Fillets $20 View Deal 50% off Battered White Fish $20 View Deal Steelhead Trout Fillet $30 View Deal 42% off Stir-Fry Argentinian Shrimp $35 View Deal Up to 50% off towards Authentic Indian Cuisine $15 View Deal View All Deals MORE NEWS Toronto stock index closes in the red Sharp declines but growth in B.C. real estate Visa-Walmart deal sparks small business concern Tools and GPS stolen from work truck in Wellesley Canadian-U.S. softwood dispute heats up PreviousNext Israel's Netanyahu lashes out at Obama over UN vote No winning ticket for Lotto 649 jackpot The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved

Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, January 06, 2017, 8:09 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Scarlett Lewis Forever changed without Jesse By Michelle Parks This article was published December 25, 2016 at 1:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size PHOTO BY ANDY SHUPE “I made the decision right then and there: I’m just going to start basing my choices in love. Because I realized that those would positively impact me, those around me, and, through the ripple effect, they would make the world a better place.” - Scarlett Lewis Self Portrait Scarlett Maureen Lewis Date and place of birth: June 19, 1968, Fayetteville A book I recently enjoyed is The Compassionate Achiever by Chris Kukk (a Choose Love foundation board member; book to be published in Spring 2017). Two of my favorite books are The Man Who Listens on Horses by Monty Roberts and Man’s Search for Meaning by Viktor Frankl. I would love to learn more about painting and painters. The time of day I’m at my best is early morning, before the sun comes up. I sit down with coffee and am able to really focus and get a lot accomplished. When I was a child, I was obsessed with horses. The key to being a good horseback rider is becoming one with the horse. And it’s having patience and being firm and direct in your communication and being gentle and developing a trusting bond. One item that’s always in my kitchen cabinets is popcorn from my brother’s company, Quinn Popcorn. The problem is I have to eat the whole thing. My favorite desert is homemade ice cream. One thing I will not eat is olives. On my Pandora list for walking right now is ’70s music — Led Zeppelin, Journey, Crosby Stills & Nash, Genesis, Stevie Wonder, the Rolling Stones, Billy Joel, Elton John. In the car, I sing along to Olivia Newton-John, Cher, Mariah Carey. My favorite movie of all time is Rocky. I would love to travel to New Zealand. I relax by sitting barefoot in my wicker swing in a tree in the yard, looking at the farm. One word that sums me up: hopeful. Four years ago, Scarlett Lewis walked into the back room of the firehouse in Sandy Hook, Conn., and found a sheet of notebook paper filled with names. She added her son, Jesse Lewis, to the bottom of the list. Self Portrait Scarlett Maureen Lewis Date and place of birth: June 19, 1968, Fayetteville A book I recently enjoyed is The Compassionate Achiever by Chris Kukk (a Choose Love foundation board member; book to be published in Spring 2017). Two of my favorite books are The Man Who Listens on Horses by Monty Roberts and Man’s Search for Meaning by Viktor Frankl. I would love to learn more about painting and painters. The time of day I’m at my best is early morning, before the sun comes up. I sit down with coffee and am able to really focus and get a lot accomplished. When I was a child, I was obsessed with horses. The key to being a good horseback rider is becoming one with the horse. And it’s having patience and being firm and direct in your communication and being gentle and developing a trusting bond. One item that’s always in my kitchen cabinets is popcorn from my brother’s company, Quinn Popcorn. The problem is I have to eat the whole thing. My favorite desert is homemade ice cream. One thing I will not eat is olives. On my Pandora list for walking right now is ’70s music — Led Zeppelin, Journey, Crosby Stills & Nash, Genesis, Stevie Wonder, the Rolling Stones, Billy Joel, Elton John. In the car, I sing along to Olivia Newton-John, Cher, Mariah Carey. My favorite movie of all time is Rocky. I would love to travel to New Zealand. I relax by sitting barefoot in my wicker swing in a tree in the yard, looking at the farm. One word that sums me up: hopeful. This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Scarlett Lewis Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Holiday retro decor gains fans Members model latest styles for 20th Century ... Getting it straight Foundation plays Santa Claus for Fayetteville... Scarlett Lewis Bikers, backers boost charities Club news Local notes Teen kept in dark about his autism should be ... Comments on: Scarlett Lewis To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Obama says he would support repealing health care law if GOP puts forward better plan (9 comments) DANA D. KELLEY: Lose the sore (25 comments) Study: No pause in global warming (36 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: An ignominious start (37 comments) Trump on border wall: Mexico will pay us back (13 comments) 4 suspects in beating of disabled man that was broadcast on Facebook appear in court (4 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Why IoT is necessary for sustainability www.techgig.com | techgig.comDec 23, 2016, 11.01 AM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit New TechnologiesImage Credit An expert's take on how IoT will power the cities and habitations of future Prasun Agrawal   Today, Internet of Things (IoT) is an integral part of our life. The concept of improving the overall energy performance through monitoring and control, enabled by sensing and tracking, is leading to multitude of savings. This is happening at various levels starting from individuals to households to societies to communities to industries to cities.   The sensing of data is for different application kinds. These applications include measurement of vibration, pressure, flow levels, temperature, humidity, current, voltage, switch on/off, door open/close, luminance. The applications also include tracking of humans, pets, fleet and things in general for location accuracy.   Sensor nodes, involving bundling of multiple sensors together, leads to creation of IoT 'sensing' solutions. To elaborate, an environment monitoring solution would involve measuring air pollution, soil moisture and water quality. A logistics solution would involve locating the item, tracking of fleet and condition quality of the shipment. A smart parking solution would involve providing parking space availability, toll fee management and guidance mechanism. A smart building would involve lighting control, indoor air quality control leading to energy management. A home automation would involve measuring energy use and water use and integrating surveillance systems for intrusion detection. An intelligent retail solution includes interactive multimedia for enhanced customer experience, supply chain control and product management solutions or the retail store. Some of the immediate use cases in the industry for IoT products include Chain store monitoring, data center environment monitoring, intelligent agriculture, smart factories / production line controls. A retail chain store like Hyper-city, Wal-Mart, Food Bazaar rely on stable environments to preserve goods and ensure food quality. The information on status of refrigeration leads to both preservation of goods by avoiding product spoilage, and also impacts electricity costs. IoT enables capturing real time information related to temperature, refrigerator compressor and pressure, humidity and light. IoT allows transmitting this data via the existing wireless environment of the retail chain, allowing the refrigerators to be monitored, maintained, adjusted, thus leading to reduction in energy consumption cost.   A Datacenter has a critical requirement to monitor the environmental operating parameters. Overheating of servers leads to entire system shutdown. IoT enables continuous monitoring of temperature, humidity, door status, switch status etc. This prevents accidental data server fault and ensures maintenance of environment of the rack.   IoT enables intelligent agriculture by monitoring the growth progress of seedlings and providing insights for future production cycles. The illumination levels, temperature levels along with effect of the nutrient concentration solution monitoring, logged with pH value and electric conductivity (EC) sensors leads to food traceability statistics. Optimum amount of water distribution ensures water savings along with enriched top-soil quality promoting plant health.   The smart factories and clean rooms require a complete dust-free high quality environment to ensure minimal/no effects on the product. IoT enables monitoring and control for environmental pollutants such as dust, airborne microbes, aerosol particles, and chemical vapors. IoT helps not only in clean room environment but also to improve overall equipment effectiveness. The real time information on temperature, humidity, machine status, door status and dust sensors leads to continuous product lines.   An IoT enabled city bike sharing solution, for both pedal bicycles and electric bicycles, leads to convenience for citizens and has a direct impact on health leading to happiness. Sustainability is built into this solution, as usage of bicycles leads to reduced dependence on fossil fuel based modes of transportation, but convenience and health are the primary factors for deployment of bike sharing solutions.   The projections of IoT trends indicate 50 billion devices to be interconnected by 2020 and with key segments like industrial automation, energy & utilities, transportation, building automation, and medical services requiring new approaches to improvements in efficiency and reduction of cost, IoT will clearly lead to more sustainability.    The author is founding partner with Gaia Smart Cities Read more » FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: new technologies Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryThis Indian startup is aiming to land on moon for $30 million! Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author iPhone bug that exposes your pictures even when phone is locked! This Indian startup is aiming to land on moon for $30 million! Amazon India head shares the recipe to be successful in ecommerce world! Related stories 5 New Technologies To Watch Out For In The Euro 2016 Here’s What We Really Think Of The Newly Launched Lenovo Vibe S1 Google Wallet's Ex-Boss Made a Payment System That Works With Everything Alphabet's First New Company Is the Life Sciences Team from Google X NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly Finally Returns To Earth After A Historic 340-day Space Mission We Need a 'Space Race' Approach to Saving the Planet Personalized Recommendations Editor's Pick Lenovo Yoga 510 Review: Inconsistent Performer The Magic of George Michael: Bringing the “Faith” over a Glorious 30-Year Music Career OnePlus 3T review: Still the best damn phone for less than Rs 30,000 Nucleya Adds His Signature Bass To Papon’s Bihu in The Dewarists’ Latest Music Collaboration Confused between OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T? Read this Super Mario Run: My first 20 minutes! Hot Right Now iPhone bug that exposes your pictures even when phone is locked! ... Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social Now Airtel offers Free 3GB 4G Data per month to take on Reliance Jio CyanogenMod reborn, download Lineage OS right now CyanogenMod reborn, download Lineage OS right now OnePlus 3T soft-gold variant goes on sale starting January 5 Overlook Paytm, PM Modi launches a new ‘BHIM’ mobile app AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: Lloyd Mathias to Share His Marketing Journey on December 15 #AdAgeUnicorns: The R Balki Interview (Part 2) Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Samsung Z2 - 8GB (Gold) ₹ 4699BUY4G, 1GB RAM,4"Screen Panasonic P66 Mega - 16GB (Rose Gold) ₹ 5950BUY2GB RAM, 8MP+5MP Cam Micromax Bolt Q381 - 8GB (Black) ₹ 3840BUY5" Screen, 5MP Cam About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine John Birmingham Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Home World December 25 2016 Save Print In US heartland, a house is made a home for Syrian refugees at Christmas Dan Barry facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Lancaster, Pennsylvania: A dull grey house on a hillside has to become a home. Another Syrian family of refugees will be arriving soon, and this empty, echoing old place needs to be readied in welcome. The word has trickled down from the State Department's refugee resettlement program. A mother, a father, his brother and four children, the youngest just 10. Muslims, travelling from Turkey. Flying into New York in the next few days. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Michelle Obama emotional final speech as first lady Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:20 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:36 Refugees aren't issues, they're people Refugees aren't issues, they're people The UNHCR brings a human face to the refugee debate through the stories of four former refugees. Vision courtesy UNHCR. Up Next Michelle Obama emotional final speech as first lady Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:20 Video duration 01:20 Michelle Obama emotional final speech as ... Michelle Obama emotional final speech as first lady First Lady Michelle Obama gave her final remarks in an emotional speech at the White House on Friday telling young people, "this country belongs to you." Up Next Multiple people dead in Florida airport shooting Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:39 Video duration 00:39 Multiple people dead in Florida airport ... Multiple people dead in Florida airport shooting At least nine people have been wounded and multiple people killed in a shooting at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, with officials saying the shooter is in custody. Up Next Russia hacks: Intel chief pushes back at Trump Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:13 Video duration 01:13 Russia hacks: Intel chief pushes back at ... Russia hacks: Intel chief pushes back at Trump Speaking to a Senate panel, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper pushed back on President-elect Donald Trump's suggestion the intelligence community did not have solid evidence that Vladimir Putin's Russia was responsible for email hacks during the 2016 election. Up Next Russia undoubtedly meddled in election Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:05 Video duration 03:05 Russia undoubtedly meddled in election Russia undoubtedly meddled in election National Intelligence Director James Clapper said Russia poses a major and growing threat to US government, military, diplomatic and commercial operations. Senators suggested the President-elect should take notice. Up Next Thai baby elephant takes a dip in the pool for rehab Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:06 Video duration 01:06 Thai baby elephant takes a dip in the ... Thai baby elephant takes a dip in the pool for rehab A baby elephant rescued from an animal trap gets hydrotherapy treatment as part of a lengthy rehabilitation process to heal her injured foot. Up Next The wearables of tomorrow Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:25 Video duration 01:25 The wearables of tomorrow The wearables of tomorrow Thousands flock to the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas to check out all the latest in wearable technology, from shoes that tie themselves, to even underwear that protects the user from radiation! Up Next Chicago police describe alleged hate crime Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:34 Video duration 01:34 Chicago police describe alleged hate crime Chicago police describe alleged hate crime Four black people were charged with hate crimes Thursday in connection with a video broadcast live on Facebook that showed a mentally disabled white man being beaten and taunted, threatened with a knife and forced to drink from a toilet. More videos Refugees aren't issues, they're people The UNHCR brings a human face to the refugee debate through the stories of four former refugees. Vision courtesy UNHCR. Their imminent arrival explains all the commotion inside this slate-coloured house in the small city of Lancaster, in south-central Pennsylvania. The state may have gone to Donald Trump, who likened the Syrian resettlement program to a "a great Trojan horse" for terrorists. But he isn't president yet. Related Content Here's how to take back Christmas from the politically correct brigade We can't give up the fight for human rights That is why volunteers and staff members from the Church World Service, a US non-profit that helps the government take in refugees fleeing violence and persecution, are cleaning cabinets, carting furniture and doing their best to make things homey. Just not too homey. "Doing too much can make a family feel like it's someone else's home," says Josh Digrugilliers, 26, the group's local housing specialist, whose crowded key chain jangles in reminder of all the refugees in need. Advertisement He scours a government checklist of housing requirements for a resettlement, mindful that whatever he spends is deducted from a refugee's one-time government grant of no more than $US1125 ($1566). A family's combined grants must cover its rent and other expenses until the non-profit has helped the adults acquire Social Security numbers and jobs. The used furniture being trundled in reflects the emphasis on economy. Some comes from the donations hoarded in a cluttered garage, where a "Welcome Home" sign in Arabic is on display. Other items were acquired cheap - chairs for $US5, tables for $US20 - at a flea market. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Members of a Syrian refugee family who arrived seven months ago prepare a meal for another family about to arrive to their new home in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. Photo: New York Times New paint and flooring give the house the smell of a fresh start, thanks to the landlord, John Liang, who came to Lancaster as a child, one of the "boat people" who fled Vietnam on dangerously overcrowded vessels after the war. He spent a year in a notoriously hellish refugee camp before coming to Lancaster, where he and his family delivered newspapers, shovelled snow, did sewing and assembly-line work. Anything. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Amer al-Fayadh, a senior case manager with the Church World Service, and Orion Hernandez carry a dresser into a home being prepared for a Syrian refugee family in Lancaster. Photo: New York Times Now 45, Liang works overtime at a nearby Kellogg's cereal plant and manages several properties he owns, including this house, which he wants to be just so. "There are other people living a lot harder, tougher, than what I went through," he says. A history of acceptance Digrugilliers applies his checklist to the kitchen, where the counter is crowded with mismatched dinnerware and new appliances. Draped over the oven handle is a dishtowel printed with a calendar for 1968, another tumultuous year. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Gaby Garver, a case worker with the Church World Service, leaves a home-cooked meal in a house prepared for the arrival of a Syrian refugee family. Photo: New York Times Then to the bedrooms upstairs. The children's twin beds, bought at discount, are covered with the black G of the Georgia Bulldogs, the winged wheel of the Detroit Red Wings and other invitations to sleep in cocoons of US culture. Armed with a list of what he needs, he and a colleague, Orion Hernandez, climb into a beaten-up van reeking of McDonald's. They head to Wal-Mart, where Digrugilliers recognizes a thin man - a Nepalese refugee who resettled here two years ago - leaving as he is walking in. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Cups and plates await the new owners of the home. Photo: New York Times "Hey, how are you?" Digrugilliers calls out. "Hello," the man calls back. Such encounters happen often in Lancaster, whose rich history of acceptance is rooted, in part, in the influence of the Mennonites, Amish and other faiths. A glimpse of the local worldview came in January when a supportive rally of more than 200 people drowned out a much smaller anti-immigrant protest outside the Church World Service office in Lancaster. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Luis Manuel Ortiz, a case worker with the Church World Service, hangs blinds in the home being prepared for the arrival of a Syrian refugee family. Photo: New York Times Sheila Mastropietro, the group's longtime supervisor in Lancaster, took heart in the moment. It reflected a communal understanding of both the global refugee crisis and the rigorous screening process that refugees undergo before coming to the United States. Still, given a President-elect who seems averse to the country's modest commitment to refugee relocation, Mastropietro says: "We don't know what to expect." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Volunteers and staff have painted walls, cleaned cabinets, carted in used furniture and stocked pantries in an effort to make things homey - but not too homey, lest it feel like someone else's home.  Photo: New York Times Last fiscal year, the Lancaster office of the Church World Service helped to resettle 407 of the 85,000 refugees admitted to the US; this fiscal year, its target is 550 of a hoped-for 110,000. "We are acting as if the numbers are going to be the same - until we hear something different," she says. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link A crucifix stands in the Old St Joseph's Cemetery, near the home prepared for the arrival of a Syrian refugee family in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. Photo: New York Times Decades of resettlement work have transformed the Lancaster area into a medley of cultures so rich that Amer al-Fayadh, 34, a senior case manager, struggles to name them all: "Syrians, Iraqis, Somalis, Congolese, Ukrainians, Belorussians, people from Kazakhstan. Then, of course, Lebanese, Palestinians. Bhutanese, Nepalese, Burmese, Sri Lankans ..." Fayadh arrived from Iraq in 2010. Though trained as an engineer, he worked at a Lowe's - customer service, paint, lawn and garden - and as a substitute teacher before being hired to help other refugees. He is accustomed to urgent late-night calls from fresh arrivals unfamiliar with, say, locks on doors. New clients are often at their breaking point, uncertain what to make of this exotic land called Pennsylvania. Knowing how difficult it can be for anyone in crisis to see ahead - to jobs, school, a future - Fayadh says he tries to impart a simple message: "OK. Tomorrow will be better." At Wal-Mart, Digrugilliers and Hernandez commandeer two shopping carts each and begin racing through the cavernous store like contestants on the old Supermarket Sweep game show, grabbing specific items, down to umbrellas and sanitary pads. His purchases complete, Digrugilliers mounts his cart and wheels it into the dusk like a skateboard, exuberant with hope that some refugee family's journey will be just as smooth. It is not. The Church World Service soon receives word that this particular family's resettlement has been delayed - a not-uncommon development that could be caused by something as simple as a spike in an asylum seeker's blood pressure at the airport. But there is no shortage of tempest-tossed refugees. Fayadh's supervisor, Valentina Ross, remembers that another Syrian family is arriving in a few days: a father, a mother, three daughters and a boy. They will need a home. Today is the day. A holiday spirit has taken hold in downtown Lancaster, with a colossal Christmas tree glittering in Penn Square and ancient brick houses swathed in festive lights. A mile away, a Church World Service case worker named Gaby Garver, a focused college graduate of 22, is collecting provisions for the new family at a food pantry. Signing some paperwork, she says: "And no meat products for the family, please." As Garver prepares to leave with milk, vegetables and other items, a pantry volunteer asks: "Since you didn't take any meat, would you like some extra rice?" Yes, please. More food is needed. Garver guides her 1999 Pontiac through the cold rain to the Save-A-Lot supermarket, where many goods sit in cut-open cardboard cases. She leaves 10 minutes later with bread, fruit, beans, sugar, tea and a receipt for $US26.58, to be deducted from the family's grant money. Hunched against the weather, the slight young woman makes two trips carrying the food into the drab grey house. After stocking the refrigerator and cabinet, she conducts a last-minute inspection. The fridge is cold. The tap has hot water. The burners on the gas stove ignite. Everything upstairs is fine as well, with even more homey touches added. New pyjamas and towels. New clothes hangers. New picture frames, showing stock photos of cheerful families, on the shelves. And on one twin bed, a child's soccer ball, still in its box. Hugs and handshakes The rain has stopped, a slice of moon risen. Garver is driving to the home of a Syrian family that arrived seven months ago. The mother has cooked a hot meal for the refugee family that is about to land any minute in New York, a good three-hour drive away. Inside, where five young children zip and waddle about, the prepared meal sits in expectation on the dining-room table: a large aluminium tray bountiful with chicken and rice and a huge bowl of salad. The oldest child, Mohamad, 14, helps Garver carry the food out to her vehicle, and she thanks him. He responds with the formality given to a new language being tried on for size. "You're welcome," the boy says, and smiles. Returning to the house, Garver fumbles in the dark to open the door while holding the tray of still-hot food. When she returns with the salad bowl, she stoops to collect a clump of junk mail. Later tonight, Garver and Fayadh will drive a Ford van to Lancaster Airport, where they will meet two representatives from the local Islamic centre. Soon after, another van will arrive from Kennedy International Airport. Hugs and handshakes will be exchanged in the December air. Luggage will be collected. And six Syrian refugees will be driven the 20 minutes to a warm home perfumed by warm food, in a city made radiant by the multi-coloured lights of the season. New York Times Related Content Now that Bana Alabed is safe, who will take her place for us? Advertisement Most Popular Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida Putin directed cyber campaign to help elect Trump: US intel report US airport gunman identified as Esteban Santiago Goodbye Jefferson, hello Saddam: Turkey's collapse has been years in the making Trump says focus on Russian hacking is a political witch hunt Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida 'Biggest typo ever': Washington Post in front page clanger Putin directed cyber campaign to help elect Trump: US intel report US intercepts capture senior Russian officials celebrating Donald Trump win Trump says focus on Russian hacking is a political witch hunt The Sydney Morning Herald Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida Funnel web spider bites Southern Highlands woman in bed Rove and Sam never stood a chance Saturday passenger numbers drop after Opal card changes Rove McManus and Sam Frost booted off 2DAY FM breakfast show The Age Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose Great white sharks spotted on Great Ocean Road, beaches closed 'Biggest typo ever': Washington Post in front page clanger Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida Spencer Street reopened after suspicious package closes down west end for three hours Brisbane Times 21 govt workers share in $55m Powerball win Toyota shares drop after targeted by Trump over Mexico manufacturing Qld teacher banned after sex with student during school hours Hammerhead shark caught at mouth of Brisbane River Advocacy group for small business criticises new $200K industry champion Canberra Times Man dies after injury at Summernats Funnel web spider bites Southern Highlands woman in bed 'Top bloke': Luke Newsome's fatal fall from ute at Summernats Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose The remarkable work of surgeons who saved Sarah's hand WA Today Bikers and Bunbury community rev up to grant Zane's birthday wish Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose Police remove fishing wire strung across Perth street 'Roadway lunacy' captured on camera in WA Family mourns teenager Wesley Ballantine, killed on Perth work site Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, January 6, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News U.S. Says Putin Ordered Broad Campaign of Influence to Help Trump Win Election Intelligence Report Finds Hacking Was Part of Wider Effort By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and DAVID E. SANGER 8:49 PM ET American intelligence officials have concluded that Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, “ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. presidential election.” The declassified intelligence report found that Mr. Putin developed “a clear preference for President-elect Trump.”  Comments Read the Report Point by Point: The Case Against Russia By SCOTT SHANE 8:26 PM ET In unequivocal language, the unclassified version of the report for President Obama pins responsibility directly on Mr. Putin. Following the Links From the Hackers to the Election President-elect Donald Trump left One World Trade Center after a meeting on Friday. Credit Timothy A. Clary/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images That Big Wall? For Now, Mexico Won’t Pay, Trump Says By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and EMMARIE HUETTEMAN Mr. Trump made the comments Friday after Republicans in Congress started discussing ways to include the money in spending bills. RELATED COVERAGE U.S. Says Russians Behind Hack of Antidoping Agency 8:30 PM ET Congress Validates Trump’s Electoral College Victory 3:15 PM ET Eric Trump Helped Raise $16 Million, Hospital Says Briefing: D.N.C. Hack Didn’t Affect Election, Trump Says 5:59 PM ET Shooting at Airport in Fort Lauderdale Kills at Least 5 By LIZETTE ALVAREZ, RICHARD FAUSSET and ADAM GOLDMAN 9:05 PM ET Eight people were also injured after a gunman opened fire in a crowded baggage terminal at the airport in Florida. Officials said they were investigating reports that the suspect, Esteban Santiago, 26, was mentally ill. Video by SUSAN JOAN ARCHER and MALACHY BROWNE. Photo by NBC TV Local10, via Associated Press Witnesses filmed the chaos after the shooting inside the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. New York Reaches Deal to Shut Indian Point Nuclear Plant By VIVIAN YEE and PATRICK McGEEHAN The shutdown has been a long-held priority for Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, who has said the plant poses too great a risk to New York City, less than 30 miles to the south.  Comments Wages Keep Rising Amid Tepid Job Growth in U.S. By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ 8:03 PM ET The unemployment rate edged up to 4.7 percent, but the bigger story was the best annual wage growth since the recovery began. The Upshot How Obama’s Jobs Record Stacks Up By NEIL IRWIN Comparing his performance with that of other presidents: Things could have been much worse, and at the start, they were.  Comments Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 6:45 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times California Today: Cracking Down on Distracted Driving By MIKE McPHATE Friday: A strict new law for drivers, climate change hits wine country, and the California origins of “(Sittin’ on) the Dock of the Bay.” Smarter Living CES Q. & A.: Our Reporter on the Best Consumer Tech of 2017 Tech reporter Brian X. Chen answered questions about what’s in store for consumer tech 2017. This May Be Why Your Workout Isn’t Working By GRETCHEN REYNOLDS People who don’t benefit from endurance workouts may get results from interval training, and vice versa, a new study suggests.  Comments Inside a Deadly Drug Epidemic America’s opioid crisis killed more than 33,000 people in 2015. These stories portray a nationwide affliction, from West Coast cities to Northeast bedroom communities. Kochs Court Blacks, Calling Fossil Fuels a Racial Issue By HIROKO TABUCHI Anticipating a fossil fuel resurgence, the ultraconservative brothers, who run an oil and petroleum conglomerate, are busily expanding their outreach. Papal Ally Takes Reins in Troubled Newark Archdiocese By JAMES BARRON 4:34 PM ET Cardinal Joseph W. Tobin, who made headlines standing up for nuns and refugees, was installed on Friday as the leader of the Archdiocese of Newark. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 0:50 Syrian Girls Do Robotics Anna Therese Day for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Volkswagen Said to Be Close to Settling Justice Inquiry Into Emissions 4:24 PM ET Public Editor’s Mailbag: Taunts, Hoaxes, Anonymity and Stealth Texas Moves to Limit Transgender Bathroom Access China Lays Out $360 Billion Plan for Renewable Energy U.S. Lists Bin Laden’s Son as a ‘Global Terrorist’ It’s Never Too Early to Save for Retirement A snapshot of five millennials shows that some of them are very serious about saving for retirement, busting the myth that their age group is free-spending. Michelle Obama, a First Lady Unlike Any Other In “The Meaning of Michelle,” 16 writers, many of them African-American women, share what it has been like to witness Mrs. Obama in the White House. 4 Movies to Know About Before the Golden Globes We like a couple. We’re mixed on another. And one we flat-out hate. That’s life — at the movies, anyway. Listen as we discuss four movies in this episode of “Still Processing.” The Opinion Pages Trump’s Dangerous Anti-C.I.A. Crusade By MICHAEL J. MORELL 6:02 PM ET His attacks on the agency threaten our national security.  Comments Rumors of Hillary Clinton’s Comeback By FRANK BRUNI Trump only thought he got rid of her.  Comments Editorial: Donald Trump Casts Intelligence Aside Brooks: The Home Buying Decision Krugman: Age of Fake Policy Kristof: Trump Denies Climate Change. These Kids Die of It. Text Your Way to College By DAVID L. KIRP 3:31 PM ET This low-cost solution could get poor students accepted to college to show up. Can a Bombay Strongman Explain Trump? By SUKETU MEHTA Bal Keshav Thackeray rode to power on a wave of bigotry. He might explain Trump. Egan: Erasing Obama Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News 5:28 PM ET Follow us on Twitter » User Subscriptions Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News Inside the Travel Section’s List of ‘52 Places to Go in 2017’ Times Insider » Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Watching The Neediest Cases A Young Mother’s Solitary, Uphill Struggle Myasia Williams, whose husband is in jail, struggles with motherhood, a job, school, bills, an overcrowded apartment and her husband’s absence. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story N.Y. / Region Stop Punching Me, Darth Vader Opinion Let Opioid Users Inject in Hospitals Travel 52 Places to Go in 2017 Television Debbie Reynolds, Carrie Fisher and ‘Bright Lights’ Opinion The Jerusalem-First Option Asia Pacific Chinese Defy Pollution, a Stubborn Visitor Weddings At 6 p.m., Married. At 7:30 p.m., Onstage. Opinion The Health Care Plan Trump Voters Want Asia Pacific Japan’s ‘Genderless’ Blur Lines of Convention Television Fred Armisen Finds All the World a Playground Opinion For Greece and Turkey, an Old Rivalry Flares Turkey’s demand that Greece extradite eight military officers has put the two countries at odds again. Book Review Rachel Cusk: By the Book Sections World » ‘I Thought I Was Impervious to Scams’: Readers Denounce India’s Phone Swindlers Farmer on Trial Defends Smuggling Migrants: ‘I Am a Frenchman.’ In Turkey’s Unrest, Some See an Extreme Version of Post-9/11 America Business Day » Retiring: For Millennials, It’s Never Too Early to Save for Retirement Recovery Finally Yields Big Gains for Average Worker’s Pay Economic Legacy: How Obama’s Jobs Record Stacks Up Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Let Opioid Users Inject in Hospitals Editorial: Donald Trump Casts Intelligence Aside David Brooks: The Home Buying Decision U.S. » Inside a Killer Drug Epidemic: A Look at America’s Opioid Crisis Florida Airport Assailant May Have Heard Voices Urging Violence, Officials Say After Security Meeting, Trump Admits Possibility of Russian Hacking Technology » Wheels: Coming From Automakers: Voice Control That Understands You Better CES Q. & A.: Our Reporter on the Best Consumer Tech of 2017 Facebook Hires Campbell Brown to Lead News Partnerships Team Arts » What TV Says About Race and Money How ‘Bambi’ Got Its Look From 1,000-Year-Old Chinese Art How ‘Toni Erdmann’ Became an Unexpected Comedy Politics » What Intelligence Agencies Concluded About the Russian Attack on the U.S. Election In Tearful Finale, Michelle Obama Says, ‘I Hope I’ve Made You Proud’ Putin Ordered ‘Influence Campaign’ Aimed at U.S. Election, Report Says Fashion & Style » He’d Like to Buy the World Something Other Than a Coke Appointment: This Men’s Wear Shop Is Not for Everyone Modern Love: Refreshing a Mother’s Memory With Love and Stories Movies » Watching While White: How Movies Tackled Race and Class in 2016 And the Nominees Should Be… Anatomy of a Scene: Kenneth Lonergan Narrates a Scene From ‘Manchester by the Sea’ New York » Along New York Harbor, ‘On the Waterfront’ Endures Indian Point Nuclear Power Plant to Close by 2021 Cardinal Tobin, New Newark Archbishop, Cites ‘Chasm Between Life and Faith’ Sports » Nick Saban Is Not Just Alabama’s Coach, He’s Also Its Super-Scout Giants Coach Becomes a Zinger Magnet on His Way to the Playoffs James Harden Meets Russell Westbrook in a Battle of Perpetual Motion Theater » ‘Lula del Ray,’ a Spectral Parade of Fantastical Images Lucas Hedges Moves From ‘Manchester’ to the Stage Review: ‘The Fever’ Finds That Friendliness Can Be Contagious Science » Trilobites: Bats Like Their Plant Nectar Sweet — Though Maybe the Plants Know Better Trilobites: Light Pillars, a Million-Mirror Optical Illusion on Winter Nights Trilobites: A Metal Ball the Size of Massachusetts That NASA Wants to Explore Obituaries » Jill Saward, Advocate for Victims of Sexual Assault, Dies at 51 Jeremy Stone, Who Influenced Arms Control During Cold War, Dies at 81 Milt Schmidt, Hall of Fame Center for Bruins, Dies at 98 Television » Tom Hardy Is at Home as Hero and Villain in ‘Taboo’ It’s Home Sweet ‘Homeland’ for Season 6 Critic's Notebook: 15 TV Shows to Watch This Season Health » Feed Your Kids Peanuts, Early and Often, New Guidelines Urge Is Your Cocktail Making You Sick? Well: Is the Sleep Aid Melatonin Safe for Children and Adults? Travel » 52 Places to Go in 2017 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Ottawa Pursuits: Where Sustainable Travel Is Headed in 2017 Books » Nonfiction: What Not to Eat: ‘The Case Against Sugar’ Nonfiction: A Feminist’s Biography of Steven Spielberg Focuses on His Jewish Identity Books of The Times: Review: ‘The Meaning of Michelle,’ a First Lady Unlike Any Other Education » Ending Speculation, Black College Says Band Will Play at Inaugural Parade A Majority Agreed She Was Raped by a Stanford Football Player. That Wasn’t Enough. Sinosphere: Shanghai’s Move to Curb International Programs in Schools Worries Parents Food » A Good Appetite: Swedish Meatballs, From the Comfort of Home Hungry City: Paraguay and Venezuela, Together at the Table, at Karu Café in Queens Restaurant Review: Fast Food for Needy Neighborhoods, at Locol in California Sunday Review » News Analysis: Feminism Lost. Now What? Editorial: Can Russia Make Peace as Well as War? Frank Bruni: Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher: Hollywood’s Mother-Daughter Fable Real Estate » 360 View: 2017: Year of the Renter Renters: Working and Living in a Bushwick Gallery The Fix: A High-End Kitchen on the Cheap The Upshot » Economic Legacy: How Obama’s Jobs Record Stacks Up Urban Studies: How to Predict Gentrification: Look for Falling Crime Pink-Collar Work: Why Men Don’t Want the Jobs Done Mostly by Women Magazine » Feature: Cyberwar for Sale Feature: One Man’s Quest to Change the Way We Die Feature: In Search of Post-Brexit England, and Swans Automobiles » Trump’s Twitter Warning to Toyota Unsettles Japanese Carmakers Driven: The Kia Soul Exclaim Adds Pep to Its Boxy Figure Wheels: Coming From Automakers: Voice Control That Understands You Better T Magazine » On the Verge: Brand to Know: Thin, Simple Turtlenecks, Inspired by a Designer’s Grandmother My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: David Copperfield Viewfinder: Soulful, Meditative Photos of a Never-Ending Vacation Times Insider » Live Event: Gail Collins and Frank Bruni: The Next Four Years With Donald J. Trump Talk to The Times: Should the Affordable Care Act Be Repealed? Insider Podcasts: Good, Bad and Mad: Paul Krugman on the News Real Estate » The Fix A High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Close Santa visits San Benito homes - Brownsville Herald: Valley Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 36° Overcast Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Freeze warning issued for entire Rio Grande Valley The National Weather Service in Brownsville has issued a freeze warning for the entire Rio Grande Valley beginning later this evening. Posted: January 06 rss Texas News The Latest: Sundown means slow down for Mississippi drivers Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Evening' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Evening' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Evening' game Early testimony allowed from 2 witnesses in fugitive case Child born in Austin area with microcephaly has Zika virus Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest P.J. Fleck leaving Western Michigan to coach Minnesota AP New! MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Rocked by a threatened player boycott of a bowl game over the handling of a sexual assault investigation and struggling with lagging attendance at its shiny stadium, the Minnesota football program badly needed of an injection of energy and optimism. Updated: 7:31 pm Sports, College Football, School Athletics More From The Latest Mariners acquire Gallardo from Baltimore for Seth Smith Wild-card round gets going as drive to Super Bowl begins Royals acquire right-hander Karns from Mariners for Dyson Triple-A battery? Giovanni Soto to Geovany Soto for Chisox Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Valley Santa visits San Benito homes Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next MGN ONLINE gifts Buy this photo Posted: Saturday, December 24, 2016 10:15 pm Santa visits San Benito homes By RAUL GARCIA Staff writer Brownsville Herald SAN BENITO — Boys were jumping up and down and some girls were even doing cartwheels all as a way to grab Santa’s attention. Santa Claus and Blue Santa were walking through some San Benito neighborhoods handing out Christmas toys for families last week. The San Benito Housing Authority and the San Benito Police, with Walmart, went door-to-door at the VistaPark housing community. And then they headed out to the Hermosa Linda community to give some much needed gifts and joy to those who may not have had a Christmas without the help. More than 180 presents were handed out in both communities by the Housing authority alone. And $30 gift cards were given to the children 13 and older. Tommy Solis, 11 placed his present from the housing authority under the Christmas tree and is going to wait for Christmas morning to open it. “I liked that the police came into our neighborhood to pass out gifts,” Solis said. San Benito Police Chief Jaime Galvan said it’s the best experience anyone can have when you see the smiles on these kids’ faces. “I love being out here on patrol every chance I get,” Galvan said. “But when it comes back to giving back to the community and giving something back, it’s priceless.” VistaPark manager Judith Medina said passing out the gifts to the children was great. “We timed it perfectly,” Medina said. “The kids were out early and were waiting.” She said it was a good feeling to see the children in the neighborhood get so excited seeing Santa and receiving a gift from him. VistaPark resident Hliaro Romero, 30, received the gifts from the police and housing authority for his son who was not home. He said his son will be very happy with the gifts they left him. “This is awesome, I like it,” Romero said. “They are making the kids happy, and what more can you want?” Discuss Print Posted in Valley on Saturday, December 24, 2016 10:15 pm. Custom Search Site Web tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Popular Commented Facebook Activity Stories Police: Kickball coach charged with kidnapping student violated bond Former county judge Sepulveda charged with theft, abuse of office Bid awarded for Nueces-to-Brownsville project Valley lawmaker shot in head by 'stray bullet' New Year's Eve Brownsville’s first baby of 2017 arrived unexpectedly late More Photos More Videos More tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Storefront/Warehouse for sale in Elsa, Tx. 25,000 sq. ft. Watermill Updated: 5:00 am RIO HONDO On the River with Fishing pier. Studio Apartment posted: January 06 ALAMO - 1100 S.F. Updated: 5:00 am More Homes Cars 2016 Chevy Camaro LS, All Power, Must See. Call Eddie Updated: 5:00 am 2007 Honda VTX 1300, pearl white, new tires, new battery $3,800 Updated: 5:00 am 2006 Holiday Rambler Savoy 5th Wheel. 28'-1 slide. Tropical Trail $6,000 Updated: 5:00 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Beyond the front door: The benefits o... Brandpoint (BPT) New neutrals dominate the color trend... Brandpoint (BPT) Bathroom renovations even the pickies... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 tips to help keep your home warm, c... Brandpoint (BPT) DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News Taco Bell, McDonald’s, 7-Eleven, Burger King Hours on Christmas Day US News Taco Bell, McDonald’s, 7-Eleven, Burger King Hours on Christmas Day By Jack Phillips, Epoch Times | December 24, 2016 AT 10:59 PM Last Updated: December 25, 2016 7:53 pm The hours for Taco Bell, McDonald’s, 7-Eleven, and Burger King on Christmas Day (AP Photo/Alan Diaz, file) While most everything is closed on Christmas Day, some locations are open. Taco Bell is closed on Christmas Day, with some exceptions. Check local hours before going out. 7-Eleven is open 24/7—and it will remain open on Christmas Day. McDonald’s is open on Christmas Day, with different hours. Check before going. Burger King is open on Christmas Day. Check before going. The vast majority big box stores like Target, Walmart, Sears, Best Buy, Costco, and Kmart are closed.  Albertsons is open until 4 p.m. Some stores and restaurants are also open, however. They include: Walgreens / Duane Reade – 24-hour locations are open; most stores open 8 a.m. – 10 p.m. Rite Aid – 24-hour locations are open; or between 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. CVS – 24-hour locations are open; or 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Albertson’s – Open on Christmas until 4 p.m. Opens at 9 a.m. But check local listings. 7-Eleven – Always open, 24 hours a day Starbucks – Open Christmas Day Denny’s – It be open Christmas Day. Hours will vary. McDonald’s – Most locations are open Christmas Streetz – Is open Circle K – Stores will be open on Christmas Day—with most operating with regular hours. QuikTrip – Stores will be open Christmas Day, with most operating with regular hours. Buca di Beppo is open Christmas. Chart House is open on Christmas. IHOP is open on Christmas Day. Papa John’s is open on Christmas. Waffle House is open on Christmas. Banks are closed on Christmas and Monday. Monday, Dec. 26 is considered federal holiday—meaning that most, if not all, banks are closed for the day. The post office, DMV, schools, libraries, and most government offices and agencies are closed. The Stock Market doesn’t operate, either. There is no mail on Christmas Day. UPS and FedEx don’t deliver on the holiday. This includes pickup and delivery at locations, which will be closed. And UPS also does not deliver on New Year’s Eve or New Year’s Day. Mail delivery is halted on New Year’s Day as well. Editor’s Picks Top Chinese Leadership to Reshuffle in 2017 The Internet’s Growing Environmental Footprint ‘Fake News’ Crackdown Spreads Around the World Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsAvalanche kills Montana skier in Glacier National ParkHunter Found After Digging Into Snow to Survive BlizzardWoman Drives Into River to Avoid Cops, Boozes as Car FloatsMichigan Governor Makes Disaster Declaration Due to Sinkhole Latest in US Crime and Incidents Couple Found Dead With Sign on Door Warning Not to Go Inside US News Avalanche kills Montana skier in Glacier National Park US News Hunter Found After Digging Into Snow to Survive Blizzard US News Woman Drives Into River to Avoid Cops, Boozes as Car Floats US News Michigan Governor Makes Disaster Declaration Due to Sinkhole US News Brother: Suspect in Fla. Airport Shooting Treated for Mental Health Politics After Intel Brief, Trump Says Hack Had No Impact on Election Crime and Incidents Divers in Lake Erie Find Cockpit Recorder of Missing Plane Crime and Incidents 5 Dead, 8 Wounded in Shooting at Florida Airport, Suspect in Custody × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Police arrest suspect in early morning robberies - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis 'Raw Travel' premieres in October on WMC Action News 5 Our local commitment In the kitchen with Chef Jeff WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Police arrest suspect in early morning robberies 2016-12-23T14:45:00Z2017-01-07T00:34:02Z Posted by Payton Knobeloch Email Connect Payton.Knobeloch@wsmv.com Follow @wsmv Joshua Hackett, 35, was arrested on aggravated robbery charges, including the Steak n Shake in Madison. (Photo: Metro Nashville Police Department) Surveillance photo of the suspect in the armed robbery at Steak 'n Shake on Myatt Drive. (Source: Metro Nashville Police Department) Surveillance photo of the suspect in the armed robbery at Steak 'n Shake on Myatt Drive. (Source: Metro Nashville Police Department) Also on WMCTV.COMMore>> TBI Most Wanted TBI Most Wanted Tennessee's most wanted fugitives.More >> Tennessee's most wanted fugitives.More >> MADISON, TN (WSMV) - Police have arrested a suspect who allegedly stole a vehicle and held up a restaurant in Madison early Friday morning. Metro police said citizen tips led to the arrest of Joshua Hackett, 35, on aggravated robbery charges. Hackett is accused to approaching a man in the parking lot of the Walmart Neighborhood Market on Gallatin Pike in Madison at 4:15 a.m. Friday and demanding money. The victim handed over his wallet and the suspect fled in the victim’s gold 2002 Chrysler Town and Country van. Citizen's tip leads to ID and arrest of Joshua Hackett, 35, now charged with agg. robbery for 2 Fri. a.m. hold-ups, including Steak n Shake. pic.twitter.com/wqITFFbwJa— Metro Nashville PD (@MNPDNashville) December 24, 2016 While officers were on the scene at Walmart, a second hold-up involving the same suspect was reported at the Steak ‘n Shake on Myatt Drive. The gunman again demanded money, and the cashier complied. The suspect is a white man appearing to be in his early 30s. He is approximately 6’1” tall with a large build and a shaved head. Anyone who recognizes the suspect is urged to contact Crime Stoppers at 615-742-7463. Callers can remain anonymous and qualify for a cash reward. They can also send a tip by texting “CASH” and their message to 274637. Copyright 2016 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. More from WMCTV.COMMore>> Special Davidson County news Click to read more headlines from Davidson County.More >> Click to read more headlines from Davidson County.More >> News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:10 PM EST2017-01-07 01:10:33 GMT The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> 2 men rob Frayser bank 2 men rob Frayser bank Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:32 PM EST2017-01-06 23:32:48 GMT (Source: MPD) Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department. More >> Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department.More >> breaking 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:23 PM EST2017-01-06 22:23:28 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:21 PM EST2017-01-06 22:21:53 GMT People on the tarmac in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. (Source: NBC News) Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody.  More >> Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody. More >> FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:20 PM EST2017-01-06 22:20:23 GMT FedEx airplane taking off Friday morning. (Source: Memphis International Airport) FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday. More >> FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 1:15 PM EST2017-01-06 18:15:58 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:07 PM EST2017-01-07 01:07:56 GMT Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area. More >> Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area.More >> Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT The two 18-year-olds had been schoolmates, police say. After meeting at McDonald's, they spent two days together, driving around visiting friends. Then a pretend fight between them escalated into a brutal beating. More >> A judge rebuked four black people accused of beating a mentally disabled white man and broadcasting the attack on Facebook, sternly asking, "Where was your sense of decency?" before denying their attorneys' pleas to...More >> Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in the vehicle. More >> Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in...More >> LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 2:44 PM EST2017-01-06 19:44:45 GMT Bella the cat nearly lost her life when she became lodged in a garage door in Ascension Parish, LA. Source: Ascension Parish Sheriff's Department. It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish.  More >> It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish. More >> Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:41 PM EST2017-01-07 01:41:40 GMT A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night. More >> A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night.More >> Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Screen shot from the video. (Courtesy: Nikki Smith) Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out.  More >> Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out. More >> Coroner releases official cause of death for transgender woman killed in Madison Co. Coroner releases official cause of death for transgender woman killed in Madison Co. Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 2:16 PM EST2017-01-06 19:16:22 GMT The Madison County Sheriff's Office received a call around 3:45 pm  that a body was in the road on Heindl Road near Old Yazoo Road, just outside the Canton city limits.More >> The Madison County Sheriff's Office received a call around 3:45 pm  that a body was in the road on Heindl Road near Old Yazoo Road, just outside the Canton city limits.More >> FIRST ALERT: County-by-county weather updates FIRST ALERT: County-by-county weather updates Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 9:02 PM EST2017-01-07 02:02:12 GMT (Source: WSFA 12 News) WSFA 12 News has crews stationed across the River Region providing updates on the potential for winter weather. Here are the county-by-county updates:More >> WSFA 12 News has crews stationed across the River Region providing updates on the potential for winter weather. Here are the county-by-county updates:More >> weather FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 9:09 PM EST2017-01-07 02:09:02 GMT A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >> A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Hot Topics: A-Basin chairlift rescue Boulder a sanctuary city Snowstorm BCH gay pride flap Mailman builds dog ramp News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Developer unveils plans for Erie's Nine Mile Corner ahead of court battle with Lafayette 45-acre development to feature large-scale retail, high-density housing By Anthony Hahn Staff Writer Posted:   12/19/2016 08:33:47 PM MST Updated:   12/20/2016 08:47:03 AM MST Street signs at Nine Mile Corner near the intersection of Arapahoe Road and U.S. Highway 287 in Boulder County. (Jeremy Papasso / Staff Photographer) (Courtesy image) Months after development tensions surrounding Nine Mile Corner sparked an unprecedented "border war" between neighboring Erie and Lafayette — a two-day evidentiary hearing is slated for mid-February — developers behind the project on Monday unveiled sketch plans for the vexed mixed-use development. The project is situated on approximately 45 acres at the southeast corner of U.S. 287 and Arapahoe Road, and will be built around a large pad that will house one or two major anchor retail tenants, according to the site plans. "We are talking to anchors of all different categories," Tyler Carlson, of Evergreen Devco, the developers behind the project, said Monday. "There's lots of types of anchors: a Walmart or a Target. There's soft good anchors like Kohl's or T.J. Maxx, or Nordstrom Rack. Then you have your hardware anchor like Home Depot or Lowe's. Then, lastly, you have grocery anchors like Sprouts. "We would love to have a grocery store there," he added. "Just because it has a 'daily needs' component and would help us create that 'village on the corner' feel." Advertisement A rumor circulated earlier this year that Lafayette's King Soopers was considering a relocation to Erie may have elevated the animosity between the neighboring municipalities, Erie Mayor Tina Harris speculated in April. Roughly four large retail outlets and a handful of shops dubbed "the Village at Nine Mile" would occupy the property's west side along U.S. 287. "That's where we're hoping to have a good concentration of restaurants, rooftop patios and more boutique retailers," Carlson said. "The anchor and some of the free-standing pads will be more likely chain types, but for the village we're looking for more of a boutique feel." To the project's east would be high-density residential dwellings: roughly 10 buildings for housing multi-family inhabitants and a clubhouse that could feature amenities such as a pool, spa and fitness center, among other facilities. Though housing specifics are still in the works, Carlson said, the residential buildings will most likely be two to three stories tall. Despite praise from Evergreen and Erie officials, Lafayette residents who live adjacent to the property have come to resent the slated development's shadow. One such resident is Kurt Eherenman, whose home in Lafayette's Beacon Hill subdivision backs up to the land parcel. "We wanted an adequate buffer between ourselves and the town of Erie," Eherenman said Monday. "We were looking for about 150 or 200 feet but from the looks of the drawings we're only getting about 50 with some trees in between." Lafayette filed the lawsuit against Erie in Boulder District Court in July, declaring the "intent to acquire real property for open space purposes and to protect Lafayette's unique community character." The lawsuit came after Lafayette officials first moved to investigate the development of the corner in the wake of rumors that Lafayette's King Soopers might relocate to Nine Mile Corner, and roughly a week after Erie officials announced an offer to establish a setback buffer between Lafayette's Beacon Hill neighborhood and the contested development. Lafayette leaders had lobbied for a buffer between the Erie development and adjacent residents in Lafayette's Beacon Hill neighborhood since development plans were first announced. "It's kind of a worthless point at this time," Eherenman added. "It's Lafayette's job to protect the citizens from encroachment from neighboring communities and they're not doing a good job. Erie grabbed that property under false pretenses and wants it to up their retail (sales tax). "Erie is going to develop that property come hell or high water." Erie officials voted to extend an agreement with Evergreen last week, citing the project's embroilment in the condemnation lawsuit as a primary factor. "Almost nine months ago to the day the town and Evergreen entered into the Nine Mile Corner Disposition and Development agreement and with each step along the way we've communicated our milestones," Erie spokesman Fred Diehl wrote in an email on Monday. "The conceptual site plan is a significant next step along the normal course of the development process as it represents a milestone in the land use application process that will ultimately include a quasi-judicial public hearing before our Board of Trustees." The site plans will be publicly discussed for the first time by Erie trustees in January, according to Carlson, just one month before the condemnation lawsuit is heard in court. Anthony Hahn: 303-473-1422, hahna@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/_anthonyhahn Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Longmont medians part of First Amendment panhandling debate Some, but not all, primed for bitter Boulder Polar Plunge Local businesses ask Longmont council to reduce homeless' presence on downtown streets   BOCOPREPS (Cliff Grassmick / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Soccer: FC Boulder set to embark on first PDL season this summer Former Skyline High and CU star Nikki Marshall is the team's GM FC Boulder soccer club executive director Adam Hayes and general manager Nikki Marshall have announced that the club has been awarded a men's PDL (Premier Development League) team that will start play in May. Full Story Girls basketball: Third quarter burst sends Ralston Valley past Monarch Boys basketball: Kinoti helps Holy Family pull away from Skyline Girls basketball: Erie finds inspiration in 'Hustle and Heart' Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Amber Alert issued for 6-year-old girl abducted in South Euclid South Euclid Amber Alert car.png Police say two men may have taken a 6-year-old girl from a Walmart parking lot in South Euclid before driving off in this car. (South Euclid police) Print Email Evan MacDonald, cleveland.com By Evan MacDonald, cleveland.com The Plain Dealer Email the author | Follow on Twitter on December 23, 2016 at 10:32 PM, updated December 23, 2016 at 11:04 PM comments SOUTH EUCLID, Ohio -- Authorities have issued an Amber Alert for a 6-year-old girl abducted from a Walmart parking lot in South Euclid. Two men took the girl about 7:10 p.m. from the parking lot on Warrensville Center Road, police said. Update 10:40 p.m.: The Amber Alert has been cancelled because police believe it is a hoax, police said. Police released photos of the car and a man wanted for questioning in connection with the abduction. The car is a green Buick from the late 1990s or early 2000s. One of the man was described as going by the name "Chuck Lewis." He is approximately 6 feet tall and 230 pounds. He was wearing a gray stocking cap and has a beard, police said. The other man goes by the name "Fred" and is described as being in his early 20s. He was wearing a red Nike hooded sweatshirt and has tattoos on his hands and neck, police said. Anyone with information is being asked to call South Euclid police at 216-381-1234. Metro Columnists Michael McIntyre's Tipoff Mark Naymik Phillip Morris The Weekday Front Page The Plain Dealer's front page for January 6, 2017 Updates posted Monday - Friday Eat, Drink & Play in the CLE What are the best restaurants, bars & things to do in NE Ohio? Check out our new "Essential CLE" visitors guide for the answers. EXPLORE Essential CLE: The Visitors Guide 10 best restaurants 10 best bars Top 10 things to do Authentic Cleveland A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants • More dining guides & reviews » Most Read Active Discussions News updates in your inbox Get the latest news delivered to your inbox plus breaking news when it happens Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to Content 2° Mostly cloudy. Chilly. More ▼ ▲ Sign In ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News How True Is It? World News Business Traffic Summer Road Work ▼▲sub menu toggleShows Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows ▼▲sub menu toggleOn Demand Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Blogs Orphans Fund ▼▲sub menu toggleAbout Contact Us Ways to Listen Connect HD Radio News/Talk Team #BCStorm Menu Listen Live On Air Now Account Sign In Home ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News How True Is It? World News Business Traffic Summer Road Work ▼▲sub menu toggleShows Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows ▼▲sub menu toggleOn Demand Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Blogs Orphans Fund ▼▲sub menu toggleAbout Contact Us Ways to Listen Connect HD Radio News/Talk Team #BCStorm ▼▲sub menu toggle Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. ON AIR NOW6:00 PM - 7:00 PMGlobal News Hour at 6 Stolen walker returned Eileen Bell December 23, 2016 02:24 pm In Fort Saskatchewan, a stolen walker has been returned. On Friday afternoon, RCMP said they were looking for a man and a woman who did something pretty reprehensible on Thursday. A woman in her eighties was shopping in the Walmart in Fort Saskatchewan when her walker was stolen. It had been left in the lobby, presumably while the woman used a shopping cart to get around the store. “I think it’s an absolutely unfortunate crime, that’s for sure,” said RCMP Constable Suzanne Ahlstrom. “Especially this time of year, and the fact that it’s a medical device that the elderly female uses to get around for day to day use.” The man was described as in his mid to late fifties, about 5’10”, and was wearing a brown coat and blue jeans. The woman was described as in her mid-fifties, about 5’4″, and was wearing a white coat and dark pants. AHS replaced the walker on a temporary basis. Word of the original walker being returned came late Friday afternoon. (eb)   Trending More Latest More Vancouver Traffic Tweets by @AM730Traffic Current Traffic Incidents You May Also Like More News Site C Dam construction hits environmental snag 3 seconds ago BC Hydro is facing a possible federal order for falling foul of environmental regulations at the Site... Read More Police investigate Surrey shooting 29 minutes ago The roads may now be open but the RCMP is continuing to investigate a shooting that reportedly took... Read More Richmond family struggling to get back on its feet after devastating house fire 44 minutes ago It's been anything but a happy new year for one Richmond family, now struggling to get back on their... Read More Steele & Drex: Making sure your home is fire safe in the winter 39 minutes ago An East Vancouver neighbourhood is still reeling from a tragic house fire that left a toddler dead and... Read More More News Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections RNC 2016 Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Amber Alert for missing girl canceled, believed to be hoax, South Euclid police say South Euclid police car.jpg South Euclid police believe a story about the abduction of a 6-year-old girl, which resulted in an Amber Alert on Friday evening, was a hoax. (File photo) Print Email Evan MacDonald, cleveland.com By Evan MacDonald, cleveland.com The Plain Dealer Email the author | Follow on Twitter on December 23, 2016 at 11:00 PM, updated December 28, 2016 at 1:26 PM comments SOUTH EUCLID, Ohio -- Authorities canceled an Amber Alert issued Friday evening because investigators are confident it was a hoax, South Euclid police said. Investigators believe a man made up a fake story about two men abducting his 6-year-old daughter from a Walmart parking lot on Warrensville Center Road, South Euclid police Lt. Ben Parisi said. There is no evidence the girl exists or that such an incident occurred, Parisi said. The man who reported the fake abduction could face criminal charges, Parisi said. The man claimed the two men took his daughter about 7:10 p.m. Police issued an Amber Alert and released photos of a car and a man believed to be connected to the abduction. The man provided specific details, including descriptions of the two men and the car, police said. Authorities canceled the Amber Alert about 10:30 p.m. after discovering it was a hoax. To comment on this story, please visit cleveland.com's crime and courts comments section. Metro Columnists Michael McIntyre's Tipoff Mark Naymik Phillip Morris The Weekday Front Page The Plain Dealer's front page for January 6, 2017 Updates posted Monday - Friday Eat, Drink & Play in the CLE What are the best restaurants, bars & things to do in NE Ohio? Check out our new "Essential CLE" visitors guide for the answers. EXPLORE Essential CLE: The Visitors Guide 10 best restaurants 10 best bars Top 10 things to do Authentic Cleveland A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants • More dining guides & reviews » Most Read Active Discussions News updates in your inbox Get the latest news delivered to your inbox plus breaking news when it happens Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Business Amazon getting bigger slice of holiday online spending pie, data suggest FRIDAY, DEC. 23, 2016, 7:59 P.M. By Angel Gonzalez Tribune News Service Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS SEATTLE – Amazon.com has seen its already dominant share of online shopping rise in the walk-up to the holidays, says e-commerce consultancy Slice Intelligence. Data gathered by the consultancy indicated that 46 percent of online spending during the week ending Dec. 17 went to Amazon, up from 42.3 percent the previous week. That’s way more than any other retailer selling online, according to Slice. The runner-up was Best Buy, which accounted for 2.9 percent of online spending. Amazon’s nemesis Wal-Mart came up third, with 2.6 percent. The average Amazon order was $67. Slice Intelligence says it mines data from email receipts from hundreds of thousands of retailers and also tracks a large panel of online shoppers. The company also tracked how quickly packages land on customers’ doorsteps. The average package from sellers took three days to deliver versus five days last year. That’s despite what carriers say are record shipments. Experts have said that since the beginning of the critical holiday retail season, shipments are up 12 percent. The Slice numbers show a couple of things. First, more aggressive online retail efforts by competitors don’t seem to have eroded Amazon’s dominance. Also, the logistics problems that have frustrated Christmas shoppers in recent years seem to have been kept in check due to massive investment by Amazon and by third-party carriers such as FedEx and UPS. Published: Dec. 23, 2016, 7:59 p.m.  Tags: Amazon, e-commerce, holiday spending, Tech Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
WTVF Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Radar & Maps Live Cameras Current Conditions Forecast Pages Weather Alerts Weather Team Weather Kids Weather Videos Traffic + Sky5 HD Gas Prices TDOT Traffic Report Airport News + Local Tennessee Kentucky U.S. NC5 Investigates Education School Patrol Medical Politics Entertainment Sports + Titans Predators Commodores Volunteers Blue Raiders TSU Tigers Sounds Talk of the Town + Recipes Extras Go Local Be Your Best Meet the Team NewsChannel5+ + Watch 5+ Live MorningLine OpenLine SportsLine Inside Politics Community Health Matters Countdown to Friday Fishin' Affliction Inside Workforce Development The Income Guys Issues of Faith LifeStyle with Denise Simons Medical Monday Mortgage Matters Out & About Today Panorama Pharmacist On Call The Plus Side of Nashville Retirement Report Ring of Faith ¿Que Pasa Nashville? SCORE on Business Southern Woods & Waters Titans Talk Words & Music Urban Outlook Money + Consumer Reports Consumer Alert Shop Smart Life + Back to School Summer Heart Health Fall Black Friday Flu Season Healthy New Year Celebrate Tennessee Photos + my5 Viewer Photos Weather Kids Video + Live Newscasts Watch 5+ Live CBSN Live Video YouTube About Us + Contact Us Submit News Tips Contests TV Listings Team Bios Advertise with Us EEO Public File Report Closed Captioning Support Jobs Current 16° Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: 24° LO: 12° HI: 30° LO: 13° HI: 42° LO: 22° Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 6 Weather Alerts Winter Weather Advisory issued January 6 at 3:08PM CST expiring January 7 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Coffee, Cumberland, Fentress, Grundy, Overton, Putnam, Van Buren, Warren, White Winter Weather Advisory issued January 6 at 2:14PM CST expiring January 6 at 10:15PM CST in effect for: Chester, Crockett, Decatur, Haywood, Henderson, Lauderdale, Tipton Winter Weather Advisory issued January 6 at 2:44PM CST expiring January 7 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Franklin, Lincoln, Moore Winter Weather Advisory issued January 6 at 12:07PM CST expiring January 7 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Bedford, Cannon, Coffee, Cumberland, Davidson, DeKalb, Fentress, Giles, Grundy, Hickman, Jackson, Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall, Maury, Overton, Perry, Pickett, Putnam, Rutherford, Smith, Van Buren, Warren, Wayne, White, Williamson, Wilson Winter Weather Advisory issued January 6 at 6:00AM CST expiring January 7 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Cheatham, Davidson, Dickson, Fentress, Houston, Humphreys, Jackson, Overton, Pickett, Putnam, Smith, Wilson Winter Weather Advisory issued January 6 at 6:00AM CST expiring January 7 at 12:00AM CST in effect for: Bedford, Cannon, Coffee, Cumberland, DeKalb, Giles, Grundy, Hickman, Lawrence, Lewis, Marshall, Maury, Perry, Rutherford, Van Buren, Warren, Wayne, White, Williamson 6 Weather Alerts 7 Closings & Delays Closings and current delays 7 Closings Alerts Snow Watch School Closings Suspect In 2 Nashville Robberies Arrested 10:20 PM, Dec 23, 2016 Share Article Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next NASHVILLE, Tenn. - Metro Nashville Police officers arrested a man believed to be responsible for multiple robberies. MNPD officials said 32-year-old Joshua Hackett robbed a someone of their wallet in the Gallatin Pike Walmart Neighborhood Market parking lot Friday morning.  While officers were on the scene of the Walmart robbery, a second hold-up involving Hackett was reported at the Steak ‘n Shake on Myatt Drive. In that case, they said he again demanded money, and the cashier complied. Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story Metro Bus Slides Off South Nashville Road Students were removed from a Metro Nashville School bus after it slid off a road in a residential area. No injuries were reported.  Metro Schools Defend Late Dismissal Call Metro Nashville Public Schools has defended its decision to dismiss students late after snow moved though the area.   Winter Weather Advisory In Effect Across Tenn. A Winter Weather Advisory remains in effect for many counties across Tennessee as a second round of snow moves through the area. 5 dead in Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting Five people have been killed in a shooting Friday at the Fort Lauderdale airport. BNA Increases Security Following Ft. Lauderdale The Nashville International Airport increased security shortly after five people were killed in a shooting at the Fort… TDOT Says Farewell To Fallen Colleague The Tennessee Department of Transportation honored one of their own who was killed while on the side of the road helping change a tire. … Snow Creates Headache For Drivers In Middle TN Several crashes have been reported in the Middle Tennessee area as snow accumulates on roadways.  Video Released Of Franklin Gun Store Burglary Police in Franklin said they're searching for three suspects in a gun store burglary. Min. Leader Taking ‘Serious Look' At Gov's Race State House Minority Leader Craig Fitzhugh said he has been taking a "serious look" at becoming a candidate to succeed term-limited Governor… News Sports Weather Traffic Talk of the Town NewsChannel 5+Support NewsChannel 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Team Bios About Us Your Money As Seen on NC5 School Patrol TV Listings Laff Mobile Apps NewsChannel 5 iPhone iPad Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2015 The E.W. Scripps Co Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 11° F Few Clouds Hi: 20° F Lo: 13° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines BMI removes Kim Burrell from gospel trailblazers event Updated: 16 mins ago NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The performing rights organization BMI is the latest group to distance itself from gospel singer Kim Burrell after v… UN chief sees ‘historic opportunity’ for Cyprus breakthrough Updated: 16 mins ago UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Secretary-General Antonio Guterres believes there is “a historic opportunity” for a breakthrough in upcoming negotiati… US ambassador meets goal _ visiting 189 UN missions Updated: 16 mins ago FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone Updated: 36 mins ago 911 recordings: Man found dead in Maryland woods was naked Updated: 46 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 11° F Few Clouds Feels Like: -1° F Wind: W 8 Humidity: 56% Dewpoint: -2° F Sunrise: 7:45 AM Sunset: 4:56 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Local athlete played on national junior hockey team 5:49 pm The tournament concluded on Thursday. UMaine women’s hoops coach takes indefinite medical leave Updated: 13 mins ago ORONO, Maine (AP) — The women’s basketball coach at the University of Maine is taking an indefinite medical leave. UMaine announced Richard … No. 6 Kentucky encouraged by defensive results Updated: 13 mins ago Pinson set to return for No. 14 UNC against rival NC State Updated: 13 mins ago The Audcast, Episode 13: Sabres mailbag edition 2:31 pm Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 11° F Few Clouds Hi: 20° F Lo: 13° F Buffalo Police officers give back to area children By Rachele Mongiovi, News 4 Reporter Published: December 23, 2016, 11:00 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — Protecting and serving by day, then giving back at night. Christmas came early for some very thankful children this year. Happening now: Shop with a cop at Walmart in Cheektowaga! So many exciting kids! @news4buffalo pic.twitter.com/rxRIgpUHpS — Rachele Mongiovi (@4RacheleM) December 23, 2016 “I got a fart gun and I got roller skates and I got a sword, said 7 year-old Khristian Carr. Buffalo Police officers are reaching into their own pockets and making Christmas extra special for less fortunate kids. “A lot of us are involved with the community outside of work, a lot of us coach baseball or are involved with pop warner football, so it’s just a way we can give back to people that we serve in the community,” said Kenneth Agee, Buffalo PD. The ‘Shop with a Cop’ program allows police officers to buy Christmas presents for children in the community. Each officer buys the gifts themselves. On average they spend about $100 per kid. “It’s a genuine good feeling, it really is, especially for the Christmas season to be able to give back to the community,” said Bradford Pitts, Buffalo PD. Most kids picked out gifts they’ve wanted all year, while others wanted to give than to receive. “I’m not really getting a lot of things for myself because that would seem a lot more selfish, so instead today I’m buying something for my brother and something for my mom,” said Ahmire Morgan, 11 years-old. The officers say being apart of this program helps bridge the gap between them and the community. “It shows that cops have a sense of humanity to them, we’re not just cops you see on TV, we’re actually humans in the community just like other people in the community,” said Pitts. But, without evening knowing it, these officers are doing a lot more than breaking barriers. “I really appreciate this because I never got to do this, I never got a time where I can spend just a whole day with another male other than my father,” said Morgan. During the shopping trip, Walmart gave another $50 to each child to spend on gifts. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related Posts Hundreds of volunteers help City Mission deliver thousands of Thanksgiving meals Buffalo woman gives ultimate gift and saves nephew’s life with liver transplant Community comes together to make Christmas special for shooting survivor Juan Rodriguez Former legislator continues tree giving tradition Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 27° View Live Radar Sat H 29° L 16° Sun H 34° L 20° Mon H 42° L 30° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Retail hours for last minute shoppers Retail hours for last minute shoppers December 24th, 2016 by Staff and wire reports in Business Around the Region Large Christmas decorations hang inside Hamilton Place Mall as shoppers take advantage of Black Friday sales. Photo by Tim Barber /Times Free Press. POLL: Will you do last-minute Christmas shopping today? Yes No Submit Results Yes: 30.19% (32) No: 69.81% (74) Total Responses: 106 Christmas is upon us! But perhaps you have run out of wrapping paper. Or you have to do some last-minute shopping. Or you really need a cup of coffee that wasn't made by someone you are related to. What do you do? Where can you go? Which stores are even open? First and foremost, coffee. Starbucks said most of its stores will be open today until as late as 8 p.m. and most will also be open on Christmas Day for those of you who need caffeine to power through late-night gift wrapping or the crack-of-dawn frenzy of kids unwrapping presents. (Also known as "the joy of a child's Christmas.") If you are more of a Dunkin' Donuts person, you may be in luck, although local stores will be open only until 2 p.m. today. Michelle King, a spokeswoman, said many of its locations will also be open on Christmas Day. The three Chattanooga-area malls operated by CBL & Associates Properties — Hamilton Place and Northgate Mall in Chattanooga and Walnut Square Mall in Dalton— are open today until 6 p.m and will be closed for Christmas on Sunday. Some stores at Bradley Square Mall will stay open as late as 9 p.m. tonight but will also be closed Sunday. For last-minute gift-shopping and unforeseen household needs, Wal-Mart will be open until 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve but is closed on Christmas Day, the only day of the year that Wal-Mart does not open. Target will close at 10 or 11 p.m. on Christmas Eve and also will close on Christmas Day. What if those cousins you weren't expecting suddenly show up for dinner, leaving you short on food? You might have a tough time, as several major grocery stores will be closed on Christmas. Food City will close at 6 p.m. tonight and be closed on Sunday. You'll have to buy your subs from Publix before 7 p.m. on Christmas Eve. It will be closed on Christmas Day. If you are looking to go out to eat on Sunday, area Waffle Houses, IHOP and Huddle Houses will be open, along with many of Chattanooga's finer eateries, including Ruth's Chris Steakhouse, Back Inn Cafe, The Chattanoogan and Fuji Steakhouse, among others. CVS is also open on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, although hours will vary store to store. "It would be best for customers to check with their store," said Stephanie Cunha, a spokeswoman. Walgreen's will be a sure bet, though. Its 24-hour locations will operate on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, and its non-24-hour stores will be open from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. on Christmas Day and until midnight on Christmas Eve. More Articles Read previous article Test Drive: Mazda CX-9 full review Read next article Marriage Licenses Chattanooga Times Free Press Loading... Latest Articles Winter weather could lead to late newspaper delivery Winter weather update for the Chattanooga area Chattanooga to spend $1.5 million in cleanup of old Lupton City mill site Meeting with companies interested in operating Fall Creek Falls met by protestors [photos] Man who shot robber 11 times, killed him won't face criminal charges McKamey Animal Center offers free spaying, neutering for feral cats Marion County toddler's death ruled homicide Monsignor G.E. Schmidt remembered as leader who 'called the best out of people' Chattanooga area closings, delays as winter storm approaches [video] Walker County local transit system closing on Friday due to weather Female inmate found dead in Fort Payne, Ala., jail Three people arrested on drug charges in separate traffic stops in DeKalb County, Ala.
Skip to Content 2° Mostly cloudy. Chilly. More ▼ ▲ Sign In ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News How True Is It? World News Business Traffic Summer Road Work ▼▲sub menu toggleShows Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows ▼▲sub menu toggleOn Demand Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Blogs Orphans Fund ▼▲sub menu toggleAbout Contact Us Ways to Listen Connect HD Radio News/Talk Team #BCStorm Menu Listen Live On Air Now Account Sign In Home ▼▲sub menu toggleNews CKNW In-Depth Housing News How True Is It? World News Business Traffic Summer Road Work ▼▲sub menu toggleShows Schedule The Jon McComb Show The Simi Sara Show Steele & Drex Global News Hour at 6 Charles Adler Tonight Weekend Programming Specialty Programming Coast to Coast Reality Check with Bruce Allen Money Talks All Shows ▼▲sub menu toggleOn Demand Original Podcasts Past Shows Audio Vault ▼▲sub menu toggleInsiders Concerts & Events Contests Blogs Orphans Fund ▼▲sub menu toggleAbout Contact Us Ways to Listen Connect HD Radio News/Talk Team #BCStorm ▼▲sub menu toggle Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. ON AIR NOW6:00 PM - 7:00 PMGlobal News Hour at 6 Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen meets holiday goal Kerry McAthey December 23, 2016 09:01 pm The Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen program saw something of a Christmas miracle on the last day of donations. Just a couple of days ago, the organization had received less than half of the donations it would require to meet its goal. Adopt-A-Teen provides kids ages 13 to 17 with $50 dollar Wal-Mart gift cards, allowing the teens to choose a present while still waking up Christmas morning to a gift under the tree. On the last day of donations, Adopt-A-Teen campaign chair Graham Hicks said donations increased enough for them to meet their goal. “Calls poured in for donations, and the online donation process was going crazy,” said Hicks. ” And we suddenly realized by about 3 o’clock, that by golly, we were going to be able to take care of every teen this year. So, it was a huge relief and thank you, thank you Edmonton.” Adopt-A-Teen picks up where 630CHED Santas Anonymous leaves off to ensure all Edmonton youths have a merry Christmas. They work closely with Santas and the Christmas Bureau. “Edmontonians come through every year at the last minute,” Hicks said. “Every kid in Edmonton on Christmas day from age 0 to 17, will have a gift. And that makes me very proud of this city.” Like other charities in Alberta, Adopt-A-Teen saw a decrease in large donations from businesses who couldn’t afford to make their usual contributions due to the struggling economy. Despite the downturn, the city came through for its youth. “We were particularly worried this year because demand was up and supply was down,” Hicks explained. “A lot more people are unemployed, suddenly a lot more moms and dads aren’t making the kind of money that they were a year ago. So it was really a bit of a herculean effort on the part of Edmontonians to make sure they were all taken care of.” Hicks said teens are often forgot in the shuffle of Christmas charities, and can be difficult to buy for. He added that Edmonton’s data base at the Christmas Bureau, and team work between Adopt-A-Teen and 630CHED Santas Anonymous, creates a unique system that ensures all Edmonton less fortunate are taken care of during the holidays. (KLM) 1 Comment Trending More Latest More Vancouver Traffic Tweets by @AM730Traffic Current Traffic Incidents You May Also Like More News Site C Dam construction hits environmental snag 3 seconds ago BC Hydro is facing a possible federal order for falling foul of environmental regulations at the Site... Read More Police investigate Surrey shooting 29 minutes ago The roads may now be open but the RCMP is continuing to investigate a shooting that reportedly took... Read More Richmond family struggling to get back on its feet after devastating house fire 44 minutes ago It's been anything but a happy new year for one Richmond family, now struggling to get back on their... Read More Steele & Drex: Making sure your home is fire safe in the winter 39 minutes ago An East Vancouver neighbourhood is still reeling from a tragic house fire that left a toddler dead and... Read More More News Emergency Contact Us CKNW Orphans Fund Radio Advertising Careers Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.
Search Contact Us Advertise My Account facebook twitter youtube google_plus linkedin RSS Menu News Crime Business Legal Sports Team Spotlight College signings Obituaries Features Spotlight Arts & Entertainment Commentary Announcements Births Recipes Religion Puzzles Contribute Submit a news tip Submit a sports tip Submit a letter to the editor Submit a calendar event Obituary Information Birth announcement form Anniversary announcement form Engagement announcement form Wedding announcement form Financial Institution Guide questionnaire Women In Small Business Suggestion Box Contests Greater Alton Sports Trivia answer Granite City Sports Trivia answer Edwardsville Sports Trivia answer Pro Picks Challenge Reader's Choice 2016 Nominations - Granite City Advertise Business advertising Garage Sales Classifieds Sunday circulars Love Lines Novena ad Celebration ad Memorial ad Graduation ad Bridal Event Booth Space Veterans Day ad Events Submit events Garage Sales About Contact us Pickup locations Careers Archives Crime Business Legal Home News Festivity at the Farm Festivity at the Farm by David Colburn December 24, 2016 12:00 AM Back to Search Results RSS Print A festive Christmas came early Dec. 14 for the Venture Crew at Beverly Farm. Beginning at 6 p.m., the group’s Scouts gathered in the commons for savory snacks, fruit punch and a special visitor direct from the North Pole. Activity Manager Krista Kell says this year’s Christmas party marks the 10th anniversary of the Venture Crew’s collaboration with Toys for Tots. Through extensive volunteering — especially recycling aluminum cans — the crew has donated more than $2,000 worth of toys to the cause over the past 10 years. Venture Crew No. 2630 began in 1989 through the Lewis and Clark Council of the Boy Scouts of America for Beverly Farm residents who wanted to continue with the Scouting program after reaching the maximum age. Some 10 years ago, the council began allowing the Venture Crew to have regular Scouts who can earn merit badges. This year, the Scouts were on a budget of $250 — half for boys and half for girls — to select the most fun-filled and ideal gifts from the Godfrey Walmart. The toys were gathered by the Marine Corps League for 40 Scouts to hand out on Dec. 17 at the Wood River VFW Hall, 231 E. Edwardsville Road. “You couldn’t wipe a smile off of any of their faces when they work at the handouts,” Toys for Tots Coordinator Glenn Heimer said. “They work their butts off all day and they love it.” In honor of the 10th anniversary, Heimer received a special gift himself — a canvas of the Toys for Tots logo personally painted by a Scout. Rosalie Huebner, vice president of the Marine Corps League’s 5th District and a liaison to the Scouts, was also honored at the party with a hand-crafted painting for her continuous support. In setting up for the party, a number of residents created and provided artwork through Beverly Farm’s I’m an Artist program, as well as making ornaments and decorating Christmas trees. “It’s very hands-on,” Kell said. In what many might consider the highlight of the evening, Santa — played once again by Richard Knoche — and Mrs. Claus were joyfully escorted to the center stage by two Scouts following a welcome of thunderous applause. “This is his favorite place to play Santa,” Kell said. “It’s so great to watch everyone go up and say ‘hello’ to Santa, and make such a big deal about it.” As a sign of their heartwarming gratitude, the Scouts presented Santa a special picture book of last year’s visit to Beverly Farm before receiving their own gifts. Such consideration defines the holiday spirit of the Venture Crew, on both Christmas day and every other day of the year. “When you walk into the party, you’re greeted with hugs,” Kell said. “They really know how to make you feel like a celebrity here. It truly embodies what friendship and giving is all about.” Beverly Farm, 6301 Humbert Road in Godfrey, serves nearly 400 individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Dr. William H.C. Smith and his wife, Elizabeth, founded the community in 1897. “People seek us throughout the country,” Beverly Farm Marketing Director Cody Hinkle said. “They’re able to see the beauty of Godfrey and experience the Godfrey area. Most people love it and think it’s beautiful.” Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter Tags Beverly Farm Wood River featured by David Colburn December 24, 2016 12:00 AM Event Calendar January Concerts & Live Music Leisure & Recreation Open Mic Night at Piasa Winery Jan 6, 2017 7:00 PM - 11:00 PM Piasa Winery and Pub Food & Drink Leisure & Recreation Friday Bike Night Jan 6, 2017 6:00 PM - 11:00 PM Hawg Pit BBQ Barn Library Bucks! Jan 7, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! Jan 7, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Education & Learning Winter Reading 2017 Jan 7, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District-Niedringhaus Building Bingo Fun for Kids Leisure & Recreation Winter Reading Library Bingo Jan 7, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Niedringhaus Building Concerts & Live Music Food & Drink DJ & Karaoke at Alton Sports Tap Jan 6, 2017 9:00 AM - 1:00 AM Alton Sports Tap Intermediate/Advanced Yoga Jan 7, 2017 9:00 AM - 10:30 AM YWCA Yoga Yoga @ Senior Services Plus Jan 7, 2017 10:30 AM - 12:30 PM Senior Services Plus Fun for Kids Teen Wii Games Jan 7, 2017 1:00 PM - 4:00 PM Six Mile Regional Library February Library Bucks! Feb 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! Feb 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Education & Learning Winter Reading 2017 Feb 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District-Niedringhaus Building Bingo Fun for Kids Leisure & Recreation Winter Reading Library Bingo Feb 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Niedringhaus Building Meeting Meet with a Veteran Service Officer Feb 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 12:00 PM Lewis & Clark Community College Health & Wellness FREE CONFIDENTIAL WALK-IN HIV Feb 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 3:00 PM MadCAP Chair Yoga Feb 1, 2017 9:30 AM Granite City Township Hall Fitness Health & Wellness Meditation Sports Yoga Chair Yoga Feb 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 10:15 AM Granite City Township Hall Bingo Leisure & Recreation Bingo Feb 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 11:30 AM Senior Services Plus Bingo Bingo Feb 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 11:30 AM Senior Services Plus March Library Bucks! Mar 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! Mar 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Meeting Meet with a Veteran Service Officer Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 12:00 PM Lewis & Clark Community College Health & Wellness FREE CONFIDENTIAL WALK-IN HIV Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 3:00 PM MadCAP Chair Yoga Mar 1, 2017 9:30 AM Granite City Township Hall Fitness Health & Wellness Meditation Sports Yoga Chair Yoga Mar 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 10:15 AM Granite City Township Hall Bingo Bingo Mar 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 11:30 AM Senior Services Plus Bingo Leisure & Recreation Bingo Mar 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 11:30 AM Senior Services Plus Yoga Yoga @ Senior Services Plus Mar 1, 2017 10:30 AM - 12:30 PM Senior Services Plus Leisure & Recreation Parties & Clubs Pinochle For Everyone Mar 1, 2017 12:00 PM Bethalto Senior Citizens Center April Library Bucks! Apr 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! Apr 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Intermediate/Advanced Yoga Apr 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 10:30 AM YWCA Concerts & Live Music Food & Drink DJ & Karaoke at Alton Sports Tap Apr 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 1:00 AM Alton Sports Tap Yoga Yoga @ Senior Services Plus Apr 1, 2017 10:30 AM - 12:30 PM Senior Services Plus Fun for Kids Teen Wii Games Apr 1, 2017 1:00 PM - 4:00 PM Six Mile Regional Library Fun for Kids Teen Wii Games at this Pokestop Apr 1, 2017 1:00 PM - 4:00 PM Six Mile Regional Library Counseling & Support Groups Meeting Alton Saturday Al-anon Family Group Apr 1, 2017 4:30 PM - 5:30 PM Wellspring Resources Health & Wellness Meeting Saturday Alton Al-anon Apr 1, 2017 4:30 PM - 5:30 PM Wellspring Resources Leisure & Recreation Bingo Apr 1, 2017 7:00 PM South Roxana Dad's Club May Fun for Kids Kids & Family Leisure & Recreation Family Coloring Night May 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library Library Bucks! May 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! May 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Education & Learning Foxes Grove Coffee and Conversations May 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM Foxes Grove Supportive Living Community Education & Learning Foxes Grove Supportive Living Community Speaker Series (Seniors Making Moves) May 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM Foxes Grove Supportive Living Community Presentation Monthly Speaker Series at Foxes Grove May 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM Foxes Grove Supportive Living Community Health & Wellness FREE CONFIDENTIAL WALK-IN HIV May 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 3:00 PM MadCAP Dance Country Line Dancing May 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 11:30 AM Bethalto Senior Citizens Center Yoga Yoga @ Senior Services Plus May 1, 2017 10:30 AM - 12:30 PM Senior Services Plus Education & Learning German Club 12:00-1:30 May 1, 2017 12:00 PM Senior Services Plus June Library Bucks! Jun 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! Jun 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Meeting Office Hours Jun 1, 2017 8:00 AM Alton City Hall Class Fitness Health & Wellness Stretch & Move Classes Jun 1, 2017 8:00 AM Main Street Community Center Class Fitness Health & Wellness Stretch & Move Classes Jun 1, 2017 8:00 AM - 9:00 AM Main Street Community Center Health & Wellness FREE CONFIDENTIAL WALK-IN HIV Jun 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 3:00 PM MadCAP Meeting Church Women United Meetings Jun 1, 2017 9:30 AM St. John United Church of Christ Yoga Yoga @ Senior Services Plus Jun 1, 2017 10:30 AM - 12:30 PM Senior Services Plus Education & Learning For Women Only Religion & Spirituality Bible Study Group Jun 1, 2017 12:00 PM Women’s Ministry Center Charity & Fundraisers Free Clothes Closet: every Thursday! Jun 1, 2017 12:00 PM Calvary Baptist Church-Granite City July Library Bucks! Jul 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! Jul 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Intermediate/Advanced Yoga Jul 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 10:30 AM YWCA Concerts & Live Music Food & Drink DJ & Karaoke at Alton Sports Tap Jul 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 1:00 AM Alton Sports Tap Yoga Yoga @ Senior Services Plus Jul 1, 2017 10:30 AM - 12:30 PM Senior Services Plus Fun for Kids Teen Wii Games Jul 1, 2017 1:00 PM - 4:00 PM Six Mile Regional Library Fun for Kids Teen Wii Games at this Pokestop Jul 1, 2017 1:00 PM - 4:00 PM Six Mile Regional Library Counseling & Support Groups Meeting Alton Saturday Al-anon Family Group Jul 1, 2017 4:30 PM - 5:30 PM Wellspring Resources Health & Wellness Meeting Saturday Alton Al-anon Jul 1, 2017 4:30 PM - 5:30 PM Wellspring Resources Leisure & Recreation Bingo Jul 1, 2017 7:00 PM South Roxana Dad's Club August Library Bucks! Aug 1, 2017 12:00 AM Six Mile Regional Library District- Johnson Road Branch Volunteer Opportunity Volunteer Opportunity Aug 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Volunteer Opportunity Volunteers Needed at the Community Center Call Today! Aug 1, 2017 12:00 AM Main Street Community Center Class Fitness Health & Wellness Stretch & Move Classes Aug 1, 2017 8:00 AM Main Street Community Center Food & Drink Coffee and Conversation-McCully Heritage Project Aug 1, 2017 8:00 AM - 9:00 AM McCully Heritage Project Farm House or Pavilion Class Fitness Health & Wellness Stretch & Move Classes Aug 1, 2017 8:00 AM - 9:00 AM Main Street Community Center Crafts Are You Socially Crafty? Aug 1, 2017 9:00 AM Main Street Community Center Crafts Quilting Aug 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 11:00 AM Jarvis Township Senior Citizens Center Health & Wellness FREE CONFIDENTIAL WALK-IN HIV Aug 1, 2017 9:00 AM - 3:00 PM MadCAP Fun for Kids Bumblebee Playgroup Aug 1, 2017 9:30 AM - 10:15 AM Edwardsville Children's Museum Search Events Submit Yours Obituaries Sports News Crime Business Legal Sports Team Spotlight College signings Obituaries Features Spotlight Arts & Entertainment Commentary Announcements Births Recipes Religion Puzzles Contribute Submit a news tip Submit a sports tip Submit a letter to the editor Submit a calendar event Obituary Information Birth announcement form Anniversary announcement form Engagement announcement form Wedding announcement form Financial Institution Guide questionnaire Women In Small Business Suggestion Box Contests Greater Alton Sports Trivia answer Granite City Sports Trivia answer Edwardsville Sports Trivia answer Pro Picks Challenge Reader's Choice 2016 Nominations - Granite City Advertise Business advertising Garage Sales Classifieds Sunday circulars Love Lines Novena ad Celebration ad Memorial ad Graduation ad Bridal Event Booth Space Veterans Day ad Events Submit events Garage Sales About Contact us Pickup locations Careers Archives Crime Business Legal Contact Us Advertise My Account AdVantage News | 235A East Center Drive, Alton, IL 62002 | Phone: 618.463.0612 | Copyright 2014 Built with Metro Publisher™
Hot Topics: Latest police blotters Fall Harvest Car Show top 50 Addressing FM biz rumors Alzheimer's Walk Chat with Coroner Obits Print   Email   Font Resize Police & Courts Fort Morgan Police Department blotter Posted:   12/23/2016 07:16:45 PM MST Editor's Note: The Fort Morgan Times relies on reports from law enforcement to create the blotter. All charges are alleged by law enforcement and may not reflect the charges filed by the court. All individuals are considered innocent until proven guilty by the law. Dec 3. Police responded to a no injury accident at the intersection of Ensign and West Platte. Orestes Plasencia, 36, of Brush was charged with passing on the right when not permitted or safe. Dec. 8 Police responded to a no injury accident at the intersection of State and Eighth involving an unknown hit and run. Police responded to a no injury accident at the intersection of Simpson and Ninth. Matthew Schrum, 17, of Fort Morgan was charged with exceeding a safe speed for conditions. Dec. 9 Police responded to a no injury accident at the intersection of Platte and Prospect. Kevin Cadwalader, 33, of Brush was charged with failure to drive in a single lane. Police are investigating a case of forgery at J's Check Cashing at 131 Sherman St. Hasan Ali Mohamud, 28, of Fort Morgan was arrested on a failure to appear warrant, and on displaying expired temporary tags on the 900 block of Main St. $500 bond. Police are investigating a case of attempted theft and attempted motor vehicle theft on the 100 block of Gateway. Eleazar Vallejo, 19, of Fort Morgan was issued a summons to appear on the charge of a dog at large. Advertisement Police are investigating a case of vandalism of a damaged window valued at $500 that occurred between Dec. 5 and Dec. 9 on the 700 block of East Seventh Ave. Marty Marchland, 39, of Brush was arrested for shoplifting at Walmart on 1300 Barlow Rd and released on a summons to appear. Property stolen and recovered was a camping stove valued at $17.63. Police are investigating a case of burglary of power tools and hand tools valued at $1,000 that occurred between Dec. 9 and Dec. 10 on the 600 block of Commerce. Dec. 11 Police responded to a no injury accident at the intersection of Sherman and Railroad. Tammy Payne, 53, of Bovey, MN was charged failing to stop at a red light. Dec. 14 A juvenile was arrested on the 700 block of East Riverview Avenue on the charges of theft of an Apple iPhone. Police recovered the item and the juvenile was released to a parent on summons to appear. Dec. 16 Lucindia Schnegelberger, 48, of Fort Morgan was issued a summons to appear for having a dog at large and a harassing animal on 600 block of Dahlia. Police are investigating a case of harassment and domestic violence that occurred on the 1000 block of Deuel. Dec. 18 Carlos Sandobal, 21, of Fort Morgan was arrested on charges of DUI, DUI Per Se, and failure to drive in a single lane on the 17000 block of HWY 144. $1,000 bond. Isaiah Lopez, 20, of Fort Morgan was arrested on a failure to appear warrant on the 200 block of South Sherman. $300 bond. Nayeli Mateos, 23, of Fort Morgan and Jannet Contreras, 27 of Fort Morgan were arrested on the charge of shoplifting at Walmart located at 1300 Barlow Rd. Property stolen and recovered included cleaning products, and make-up valued at $149.24. Both were released on a summons. Dec. 19 Police are investigating a case of theft and first degree trespassing on the 600 block of Lake St. that occurred between Dec. 18 and Dec. 19. Property stolen includes a purse and contents. Pablo Bartolo, 24, of Fort Morgan was arrested on the charges of criminal mischief on the 700 block of Deuel St. Property damaged was a window valued at $100. $300 bond. Dec. 20 Police continue to investigate a case of vandalism that occurred on Oct. 7 on 100 block of East Burlington. Property stolen was a Nissan valued at $4,000. Police are investigating a case of theft that occurred between Dec. 19 and Dec. 20 on the 900 block of Barlow Rd. Property stolen includes a cordless drill and battery valued at $200. Return to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES BBB top ten scams of 2016 Fort Morgan Police Department The New Year rings in plenty of action for local law enforcement   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Gold Krugerrand dropped into Louisville Salvation Army kettle - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Ticket Tuesday Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Gold Krugerrand dropped into Louisville Salvation Army kettle Posted: Friday, December 23, 2016 10:04 AM EST Updated: Friday, December 30, 2016 10:04 AM EST By Charles Gazaway, Digital Content Producer Email Connect cgazaway@wave3.com Follow @wave3news The Gold Krugerrand coin (Source: Jeff Knight, WAVE 3 News) LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - When employees of The Salvation Army were counting the money from Thursday's Red kettle campaign, they discovered that someone had dropped in a gold coin worth more than $1,100. The Gold Krugerrand was dropped into a kettle at the Walmart at Bashford Manor. MORE FROM WAVE3.COM + Simpsonville native appointed as Shelby County judge + Volunteers pack ‘boxes of love’ for needy military families + Former UofL player surprises patients at Norton Children's Hospital Major Roy Williams of The Salvation Army Louisville Command said the generous donation will help. "With just two days to go in our campaign and still about $3,500 short of where we were a year ago at this time, this was welcome news," said Williams in a news release announcing the finding of the coin. "Finding the gold coin really underscores the generosity of this great community and it reaffirms that folks continue to support our mission after 133 years in Louisville; it’s truly a blessing so close to Christmas." The Red Kettle campaign, now in 126th year, wraps up at 2 p.m. Christmas Eve. The hope is to raise $475,000. The money will be used to support programs and services operated by The Salvation Army. Copyright 2016 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved. Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> weather Sleet, freezing rain reported in north metro Atlanta Winter storm warning in Atlanta to start at 4 p.m. Friday Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:42 PM EST2017-01-07 00:42:53 GMT As temperatures continue to cool, sleet and freezing rain is now being reported in north metro Atlanta, as far south as Alpharetta and north Fulton County. More > As temperatures continue to cool, sleet and freezing rain is now being reported in north metro Atlanta, as far south as Alpharetta and north Fulton County.More > Popular Atlanta chef found dead Popular Atlanta chef found dead Updated: Wednesday, January 4 2017 11:59 PM EST2017-01-05 04:59:58 GMT Flowers lay at the door of 8ARM Restaurant on Ponce de Leon in memory of a chef gone too soon. More > Flowers lay at the door of 8ARM Restaurant on Ponce de Leon in memory of a chef gone too soon.More > Georgia counties with the highest percentage of residents receiving public assistance Georgia counties with the highest percentage of residents receiving public assistance Updated: Monday, January 2 2017 11:56 AM EST2017-01-02 16:56:24 GMT Source: MGN Online Although the U.S. economy is continuing to improve, many people are still having a tough time recovering from the recession. Take a look at the counties in Georgia with the highest percentage of resident receiving public assistance. More > Although the U.S. economy is continuing to improve, many people are still having a tough time recovering from the recession. Take a look at the counties in Georgia with the highest percentage of resident receiving public assistance.More > News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Subscribe Today   Customer Service  P-Edition  Advertise Top Workplaces UnidosSC.com Weather Home News Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Cannifornian Obits Press-Enterprise Rewards CARS JOBS HOMES DEALS Classifieds Real EstateColumnsInsiderMarketsLocal ProfilesRetail Business More than one holiday is over: Gasoline prices headed for $3 News SeaWorld: Tilikum, orca profiled in documentary 'Blackfish,' has died News San Jacinto tightens pot laws Entertainment 2017 list of festivals, fairs and events in the Inland Empire and Southern California Business How youngsters can become smart investors Owning stocks helps younger people get a glimpse of markets and how they are structured Tweet    Riverside Yellow Pages THINGS TO DO     By STEVE ROSEN / CONTRIBUTING COLUMNIST Published: Dec. 21, 2016 Updated: Dec. 23, 2016 2:45 p.m. How youngsters can become smart investors Print Photo Share Pin It More Galleries     Related article » It’s a popular notion that learning about buying and selling stocks at an early age can spark an interest in investing that will last a lifetime. Mutual funds, low-cost stock purchase programs and state-sponsored 529 college savings plans combine kid-friendly investing with opportunities to learn about Wall Street and all the ways to make and lose money. Here are some investing options that not only make for great presents but have real financial value. �• Buy shares directly through the company by taking advantage of DRIPs, short for dividend reinvestment plans. More than 1,300 companies, including Nike, McDonald’s, Wal-Mart and Walt Disney, offer such stock purchase programs, which allow you to buy shares in small batches. Disney, for example, requires a minimum investment of $175, but the initial deposit is $50 if you choose monthly electronic deductions from your bank account. Dividends are paid in the form of new shares, with no commission. There are important fees to monitor. With Disney’s plan, commissions are just 2 cents a share. But you pay a $20 one-time enrollment fee, plus a $1 fee for automatic electronic investments, or a $7 fee for investments made by check. �• You also can buy shares in a company through an online brokerage company called Stockpile.com, a relative newcomer to the investment world that touts a “fun, easy and affordable approach” to owning stock. About 20 percent of Stockpile’s brokerage accounts are owned by kids and teens, the company said. There is no minimum amount required to open a brokerage account (with minors, this is a custodial account with mom, dad or another adult on the account). Investors also can buy a fraction of a full share – also ideal for young stock pickers. Stockpile does not charge a monthly fee and said the trading commission is 99 cents a trade. Young investors also can use the Stockpile app to place their own buy and sell orders, with parental approval. One other convenient wrinkle: Buy a Stockpile gift card and pick a stock and a dollar amount. When the recipient redeems the card, the stock will be registered in his or her account. There’s also a gift registry so friends and family will know your favorite stocks when it comes time for a gift. �• Many mutual fund companies, including Fidelity and Vanguard, market to younger investors. There also are excellent investing tutorials on their websites that teach novices investing basics. One lesser-known but popular mutual fund is the Monetta Young Investors Fund, which has large holdings in stocks that kids can relate to, such as Apple, Amazon, Twitter and Alphabet. Through mid-December, the fund was slightly outperforming the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index for the year. New investors receive an educational kit that includes a newsletter, a money-themed activity book and a savings bank. Young Investors requires a $1,000 minimum investment, or $100 if setting up an automatic monthly investment plan of at least $25 a month. �• You also can open a state-sponsored 529 savings account for your future college student. One way to get started is through gift registries offered by companies such as GiftofCollege.com. Family and friends can contribute directly into any new or existing 529. Gift cards are also available. Aside from all the investment options, owning stock encourages young investors to learn more about the markets and their intricate structures, which could pay dividends even if they never become the next Warren Buffett. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off More from Steve Rosen Kids and Money: These three books have you covered Are all those toys in the attic worth a bundle? As you cruise grocery aisles, test kids' shopping skills COMMENTS | PRINT | EMAIL |    Join the conversation Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our User Agreement We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Life Opinion Blogs Photos Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © 2017 The Press-Enterprise & Digital First Media. All Rights Reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Map
null
PennLive Menu Home News Sports Penn State Football High School Sports Entertainment Food & Dining Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Local News National & World Pa. Politics Business Harrisburg Philadelphia Pittsburgh Community News Obituaries Crime Weather Traffic Photos Videos Special Projects Site Index Back to Main Menu Penn State Football Pittsburgh Panthers Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers NFL Recruiting High School Sports Fantasy Football Motorsports Little League World Series Penn State Sports Penn State Wrestling Hershey Bears Harrisburg Senators Harrisburg City Islanders Harrisburg Heat Golf Outdoors Back to Main Menu Eagles Steelers Ravens Back to Main Menu Fan Talk Recruiting Videos Photo Galleries PSU Columnists Back to Main Menu Bob Flounders David Jones Greg Pickel Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Offseason Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Field Hockey Boys Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Softball Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Girls Volleyball Bowling Back to Main Menu Pa. Life & Culture Cool Spaces Proms Movies Music Television Travel Living Gardening Columnists Events Comics Puzzles Back to Main Menu Nancy Eshelman Dawn Marron Marcus Schneck George Weigel Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Cooking & Recipes Restaurants PennLive Picks Back to Main Menu Editorials Op-Eds John Micek's Morning Coffee Letters to the Editor Cartoons Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search PennLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to PennLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts / Share Lessons learned in this week's edition of the 'Offbeat Police Blotter' What will you learn in this week's edition of the 'Offbeat Police Blotter'? 1. People will notice if you masturbate outside of a bar. 2. Shoplifting is not the way to do your Christmas shopping. 3. Robbing a bank is not the best way to pick up extra spending money. 4. Somebody apparently thinks swiping a baby Jesus is still a good idea. Merry Christmas. Enjoy, or not! Shutterstock Cops seek help catching laser light thief A laser light thief is on the lam and Manheim Township police are asking the public to help catch him. Police said the $100 laser light projector was stolen from a front yard in the 100 block of North Broad Street in Lancaster Township at 10:28 a.m. on Dec. 15. The theft was filmed by a surveillance camera. The devices are the popular home decorating item of the season, the New York Times reported earlier this week. Anyone with information can call police at 717-569-6401. Manheim Township Police Department Driver charged with stalking, trying to run down pedestrian A man with the word "Faith" tattooed on his forehead has been charged by Lititz police with trying to run down a pedestrian with his car. Police said Thomas O. Seymour III, 24, of Lititz, tried to ram the man in the 400 block of North Lane just before 2 p.m. on Dec. 17. Seymour was found at the scene, officers said, and his claim that he only drove past the victim was contradicted by tire tracks. Seymour had previously been arrested for other crimes against the same man, they said. This time, police said he was charged with stalking and simple assault. Lititz Police Department Man facing charges after being denied a burrito A Huntingdon County man is facing charges after state police said he "became irate" with an employee of a convenience store after she "informed him she couldn't make him a burrito." The incident occurred just before 3 a.m. on Dec. 17 at the Mount Union Mint Mart along the 500 block Route 522 in Wayne Township, Mifflin County, police said. Cole Boozel, 22, of Mount Union, stayed in the store and yelled about his lack of a burrito for 20 to 30 minutes before leaving, police said. He has been cited for disorderly conduct, police said.   Shutterstock Woman, 83, conned out of money in prize scheme An 83-year-old Berks County woman was conned out of $34,000 by someone claiming she had won a large amount of prize money, state police said. The incident occurred on Dec. 14 to a woman living in Tulephocken Township. "The actor told the victim that she won $15 million but needed to send the cash for the taxes before she could claim the prize," police said. No arrests have been made. Police said they are continuing to investigate. Shutterstock Woman fell into ice-covered pond while running from arrest A Lancaster woman wanted on multiple warrants in multiple jurisdictions was arrested after falling into an icy pond at a local country club on Dec. 20. Meredith Lyet Calder, 41, was arrested on warrants in Lancaster and York Counties after an incident at Conestoga Country Club on Stonemill Road in Manor Township. Authorities attempted to arrest Calder after receiving a tip she was in the area, but she ran from the Pheasant Ridge Development to the country club's property, police said. While crossing a frozen pond at the country club, Calder fell through the ice. Police said she was able to stand in the water, but refused to exit the icy water to be arrested. Manor Township Police Department Man accused of threatening people with loaded gun A Wormleysburg man is accused of threatening people with a loaded gun Monday night, West Shore Regional Police said. Frederick William Keever, 72, was charged with terroristic threats and simple assault in the 6:30 p.m. incident. West Shore police said they were called to the 300 block of South Front Street in Wormleysburg for a report of a man displaying a gun and threatening people. Police accused Keever of confronting someone with a loaded handgun, and said he complied with an order to drop the gun, and was taken into custody without incident. Keever is also charged jointly with New Cumberland Borough Police for burglaries in New Cumberland and Wormleysburg, police said. He was arraigned and placed in Cumberland County Prison in lieu of $180,000 bail. West Shore Regional Police Department Have you seen this bank robber? Police have released surveillance photos of a male suspect who robbed a Hampden Township bank at gunpoint on Dec. 9, police said. Police responded to a robbery report at the M&T Bank, 5528 Carlisle Pike, just after 6 p.m. Police said the suspect entered the bank, displayed a handgun and demanded cash. He fled the bank with an undisclosed amount of money, police said. The suspect is describe as a Hispanic male who is between 5 feet 7 inches and 5 feet 10 inches tall. 5' 7" - 5' 10" tall. Anyone with information about this robbery is asked to contact the Hampden Township Police Department at 717-761-2609. Hamden Township Police Department Masturbating outside of Shippensburg bar lead to arrest: Police Police in Cumberland County have taken into custody a man they say was masturbating outside of a bar's window on Dec. 18. Brian E. Frisbie, 22, was charged with indecent exposure, disorderly conduct and public drunkenness after the incident. According to the Shippensburg Police, officers were called to the University Grill around 12:26 a.m. for a report of a man outside the bar's window who was masturbating toward the patrons in the bar area. Police say they soon found Frisbie nearby at the intersection of Neff Avenue and South Earl Street, where he was taken into custody. Shippensburg Police Department State police searching for stolen baby Jesus Be on the look out for baby Jesus. State Police in Perry County say one of the decorations was swiped from a Nativity scene in the front yard of a woman in Juniata Township earlier this week. The theft occurred sometime on Dec. 19 from a home along the 2700 block of Middle Ridge Road, police said. Anyone with information about the theft is asked to contact police at 717-567-3110. Shutterstock 'KKK' and 'Trump' carved into 2 vehicles Someone carved "KKK" and "Trump" into the vehicles of two vehicles with minority owners in Mechanicsburg overnight on Dec. 20, police said. The vehicles belonged to a Hispanic male and a man of Middle Eastern descent, Mechanicsburg police said. The incident happened in the 200 block of West Simpson Street. There are no suspects so far, and police continue the investigation. Anyone with information is asked to call Mechanicsburg police at 717-691-3300. Shutterstock House-squatter also an arsonist A 45-year-old borough man has been arrested after admitting to a November arson that caused $75,000 in damage to a house, Hanover Police Chief Chad Martin said. Maurice Pinda also confessed to breaking into and squatting in another home, the chief said. The arson occurred around 11 p.m. Nov. 26 in the 600 block of Broadway. It was ruled an arson by a state police fire marshal. Four days later, an Eichelberger Street resident returned from a trip to find someone had broken into his home and had been living there. Martin said Pinda is in York County Prison in lieu of $350,000 bail on charges of arson, criminal trespass and criminal mischief. Shutterstock The shuttle bus driver did it A man who drove a shuttle bus for a wedding party earlier this year in Somerset County has been charged with stealing from the happy couple, state police said. The theft took place on Oct. 14 at the Hayloft in Milford Township, police said. Paul Joseph Foley, 40, of Pittsburgh, has been charged with theft and receiving stolen property, police said. Investigators said Foley stole gift cards, cash and checks that were given to the couple as wedding presents. "(Foley) was observed on video surveillance at a store using one of the gift cards and identified by his employer," police said.   Shutterstock Do you know this man? Police in Springettsbury Township, York County, area asking for help from the public in identifying a man suspected of retail theft. The theft occurred on Dec. 22 at the Lowe's along the 2400 block of East Market Street, police said. Anyone with information about the man is asked to contact police at 717-757-3525 or contact the investigating Officer at wpolizzotto@Springettsbury.com   Springettsbury Township Police Department Christmas shopping made easy A woman walked into a Dauphin County Walmart earlier this month and walked out without paying for more than $700 in small kitchen appliances, state police said. In a separate incident, a team of one man and two women stole four Xboxes valued at more than $1,000, police said. Both incidents occurred the week of Dec. 18 at the store along Kocher Lane in Washington Township, police said. In the other incident, the woman placed four Kitchen Aide mixers in a shopping and then left the store, police said. Anyone with information is asked to contact police at 717-362-8700. Police did not provide a photos of the suspects.  Shutterstock Past editions of the 'Offbeat Police Blotter' Lots of Christmas shenanigans; assault by stir-fry; college kid growing pot Never show your genitals on the Internet; man exposes himself, starts fights: Offbeat Police Blotter Hunter's bicycle stolen; drunken burglar wrestling; crimes at Walmart Woman hit with case of beer on Thanksgiving; clown sighting; man exposed himself to traffic Porch defecator caught; poisoned biscuits left for dogs; mom takes son's cellphone Hunter finds paintball battle; $10,000 bail for grocery thief; 'suspicious' bag of feces Naked man at Strawberry Square; man masturbated in women's locker room; DUI on mower Man shot in 'groin area'; marijuana eater; teen charged with stealing Clinton signs Woman exposes herself at Applebee's; DUI on a lawnmower; masturbator caught Police interrupt masturbator; crimes at Walmart; drive-thru rage Portable toilet tippers; half-naked woman with rifle; pumpkin vandalism begins Thieves put things in their pants; naked man extortion; fight for chicken Grand theft golf cart; assassination message; drug test cheating goes wrong Half-naked woman at Wawa; fight over dog poop; lost cocaine Stolen diarrhea medication; naked burglar; stolen marijuana; stolen Trump sign Naked man faces drug charge; sex for car inspection; 'huffing' in the park Shutterstock View/Post Comments Comment on "Baby Jesus stolen; no burrito leads to charges; man masturbating outside bar: Offbeat Police Blotter" About Us PA Media Group Advertise with Us Career Opportunities Contact Us Send Us a News Tip Community Rules Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Manage your Patriot-News Subscription e-Newsletters PennLive Sections Home News Sports PSU Football High School Sports Entertainment Pa. Life & Culture Pa. Food & Dining Opinion Business Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Mobile Apps iPhone, Android Apps | Tablet Apps More on PennLive Videos Photos Weather Contests Post a Job Post a Free Classified Ad Sell your Car Sell/Rent your Home Sitemap & Search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 PA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search weather unavailableweather unavailable Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Religion Tarpon Springs High senior makes most of last chance at cross US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News What we know about Esteban Santiago, suspect in the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Details emerge on suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting that killed 5 14-year-old Pasco County teen tried to smother baby with pillow, deputies say Tampa turns crimson and orange as fans pour in for football celebration Tarpon Springs High senior makes most of last chance at cross News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana The Obameter: Eight years and 533 campaign promises later, measuring Barack Obama's legacy Top News Declassified report says Russian President Putin ordered intervention in presidential election Doesn't Donald Trump have more important things to do than tweet Arnold Schwarzenegger? Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi won't talk about job in Trump administration President-elect Trump says focus on Russian hacking is a 'political witch hunt' Everglades restoration: Debate rages over plan to spend $800 million to build a massive water cleaning reservoir? Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More College College Football Playoff: Alabama's Nick Saban and the friend who helped show him the way Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News College Football Playoff: Alabama's Nick Saban and the friend who helped show him the way Sleeping Alabama, Clemson fans expected to crowd Tampa International Airport before their overnight flights home Estimated cost of ads for College Football championship: $1 million College Football Playoff: Dig deep into the tale of the turf at Raymond James College Football Playoff: Jalen Hurts, an unflappable true freshman QB Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events Where's the party? Concerts, fireworks and parties for Tampa's College Football Playoff weekend Top News Golden Globes movie predictions: 'Moonlight,' 'La La Land,' Emma Stone and more Collection of 700-pound silver statues return 'home' for big game With new grants, Florida Orchestra is increasing its presence around the state Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Rethink Tampa's downtown library space Top Opinion Mark Sharpe: The key to growing Tampa Bay's economy Editorial: Rethink Tampa's downtown library space Editorial: A duty to repair Jordan Park housing complex Editorial: The Florida Orchestra reaches out Editorial: Legislature should standardize civil citations for juveniles Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Golden Globes TV predictions: 'The Crown,' 'The People vs. O.J. Simpson" and more SeaWorld: Tilikum, orca that killed trainer, has died Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) The Sunshine State became the Surreal State during a weird 2016 Craig Pittman, Times Staff Writer Link View all Articles CRAIG PITTMANTampa Bay Times Saturday, December 24, 2016 11:00pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Previous Next Previous Next Florida weirdness went national this year. Related News/Archive All Eyes photo gallery: Pasco-Hernando State College's winter commencement 2016 3 Weeks Ago Florida Found: Okeechobee Battlefield Historic State Park 5 Months Ago Chief of Exxon is reportedly Trump's pick for secretary of state 3 Weeks Ago A part-time Florida man was elected president, despite his campaign manager getting busted for grabbing a reporter during a campaign event here. We had no hanging chad in this election, but at least two fights broke out at the polls. Also, at a Tim Kaine rally in St. Petersburg, a car crashed into the press bus — a police car, that is. This could explain why Merriam-Webster's official word of the year is "surreal." The Sunshine State remained a surreal place to live thanks, in part, to all the naked people. There was the naked woman in Lauderhill who climbed atop a fountain as part of her Thanksgiving celebration; the highly regarded Flagler County school administrator caught running naked down the road yelling, "I like grass!" and the naked Boynton Beach man who police caught driving around with an electronic device attached to his private parts. • • • You knew it was a landmark year for Florida freakiness when the winner of the Miss Florida USA pageant was forced to give up her crown because of a makeup controversy on social media. Disaster loomed everywhere, as usual. On a single day — Sept. 1 — Hurricane Hermine took aim at the state, an alligator was seen swimming down a Bradenton street, a truck crashed in Lake County and spilled its load of millions of bees, a Space X rocket blew up at Cape Canaveral and the first mosquitoes carrying Zika were found in Miami Beach. Weirdness was in the air around us. "Fight over fart leads to blows at Sloppy Joe's," noted a June headline in the Miami Herald, while an August one in this newspaper reported, "Man punches fellow bus rider over stinky yawn." Sometimes strange things went flying. A Largo man threw his glass eye at a doctor and nurse. A model on a Miami Beach photo shoot was hit in the face by a drone. A guy tossed a 3-foot alligator through the drive-thru window at a Loxahatchee Wendy's. He was charged with, among other things, assault with a deadly weapon — to wit, the gator. As usual, we saw a lot of weird weapons. A North Palm Beach man was accused of using his oxygen tank to batter a tow truck driver. A Pinellas Park man was charged with attacking his boyfriend with ramen noodles. A Madeira Beach man allegedly slapped his girlfriend with a sex toy. Two Miami Gardens women stocking up at Walmart for Hurricane Matthew wound up ramming shopping carts and hurling canned goods. A rhubarb at the Orlando World Softball Tournament blossomed into a brawl involving 20 people when both teams wound up at the same Hooters. Nobody swung a bat, but one man was stabbed. The usual weapons — i.e., guns — racked up some odd headlines. A Laurel Hill couple used an AR-15 semiautomatic rifle as a prop in their wedding photos, then discovered it had been stolen. A Lake Panasoffkee man in a pickup truck threatened to shoot another man, but accidentally shot himself in the crotch. A Bay County woman who thought her party guests had stayed too long was told by her boyfriend to shoot at their feet, so she did — and hit her boyfriend in the leg. Then there was the Pensacola deputy who Tasered a woman during what he called "horseplay" over some tea. He later texted her a picture of a risque-looking apology cake that said, "Sorry I Tased You." She sued anyway. • • • Florida's animals, as always, got in on the action. We had squirrels biting people in a seniors complex in Deltona; red-shouldered hawks attacking a Spring Hill retirement community; a 2-foot-tall mama owl terrorizing a Lutz neighborhood; an emu named Taco that ran amok in Cape Canaveral; Brandon residents freaking out about frogs in their toilets; and a Casselberry woman whose walls produced more than a dozen snakes. Also, a 99-year-old woman in Miami woke up at 2 a.m. to find an exotic kinkajou lying on her chest. Its name was "Banana." In turn, some people didn't treat animals well. A man punched a swan in front of two off-duty Orlando cops. A Gasparilla paradegoer punched a police horse. An Orlando man killed Pinky the flamingo at Busch Gardens. A guy in Islamorada jumped on a manatee's back and shouted, "I'm riding it!" A shoplifter at a St. Petersburg pet store tried to stuff a python down his pants. In Hypoluxo, someone snuck a live 5-foot shark into a condo's swimming pool. Somebody stole an alligator from a trapper in Sarasota and turned it loose. Perhaps it could have been handed over to the Coconut Grove man who's been fighting to keep his 13-foot, cookie-eating gator, or to the Lakeland woman who in December won permission to keep her 6-foot, clothes-wearing, motorbike-riding gator. Its name is Rambo. Speaking of transportation, who could forget the strange case of the Clearwater man driving home from work who was stunned to see a 6-foot snake pop out from the hood of his car? "Worst part is, I'm not 100 percent sure if it fell off or went back under the hood," he told reporters. That was still better than the guy who live-tweeted his discovery in Fort Myers that his rental car was swarming with thousands of baby spiders. • • • Driving in Florida remained an adventure. A lane of Interstate 75 in Sarasota was blocked off because of a spill of pig parts. On I-4, a turtle crashed through an Orlando woman's windshield. A Pensacola man who crashed into a strip mall said he was trying to time travel. A Mary Esther woman who closed her eyes to pray while driving missed a stop sign and crashed into a house. Speaking of religion, a man in The Villages walking down a road carrying a wooden cross was asked by police to put down his cross. When he did, a bag of drugs fell out of his pocket. Meanwhile, in Bradenton, a voodoo practitioner told police that a dissatisfied customer had threatened to kidnap him because his "services" failed to fix the man's marriage. Death in Florida is seldom accompanied by dignity. In Indian Harbour Beach, a man was killed when his motorized bike hit a turtle. A missing man in DeLeon Springs was found dead, jammed head-first in a gopher tortoise hole on land where he kept caged alligators. A woman in Royal Palm Beach forgot her husband's ashes at the post office, prompting police to evacuate the place. • • • The Florida men and women who got mentioned in police reports often scored points for creativity, if not taste. A man dressed as Chewbacca was accused of stealing from some Largo vending machines he once serviced. Rival paramedics got into a selfie war in which they competed to see who could snap the wildest pictures with unconscious patients. A dispute at a Pinellas Park senior center led to an incident characterized as "shuffleboard rage." A drug suspect tried fleeing Clearwater police on a hover board. In Mount Dora, someone stole a 3½-foot bunny statue that had been erected to replace another one that had been stolen. A thief dressed as a gumball machine repairman was able to walk out of a Winter Haven store with its gumball machine. The queen of creative crime may have been the woman from Choctaw Beach charged with stealing a shovel, a chainsaw and a prom dress. Finally, in legal news, an Orlando man sued police for arresting him for possession of crystal methamphetamine because they had found a flaky white residue in his car. Turns out the "residue" was from some Krispy Kreme doughnuts. You'd think the police would have recognized that. Craig Pittman covers environmental issues for the Tampa Bay Times. His latest book is "Oh, Florida! How America's Weirdest State Influences the Rest of the Country." Contact him at craig@tampabay.com. Follow @craigtimes. The Sunshine State became the Surreal State during a weird 2016 12/24/16 [Last modified: Saturday, December 24, 2016 11:02pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Truck driver taken to hospital after cab catches fire - Toledo News Now, News, Weather, Sports, Toledo, OH Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Download the WTOL 11 news app Text Alerts Email Alerts Live stream See It, Snap It, Send It Gas Tracker Slideshow Center Health and Family News News 2016 Election HQ Local News State and Regional News National/World News Crime Watch Entertainment News Beating Heroin Flint Water Crisis #2Strong4Bullies Back-to-School HQ Terrorism around the world Special Reports Fallen Heroes Toledo Jeep Fest Trending Stories Race for the Cure 2016 Weather First Alert Weather Blog Download the First Alert app How the bitter cold affects your body Sign up for school closing text alerts here 7-Day Forecast First Alert Interactive Radar First Alert Weather Day explained What do county and city snow emergencies mean? Power outages Watch vs. Warning: Chief Meteorologist Robert Shiels explains Maps & Media Sports Camellia Bowl Download the Big Board App Athlete of the Week Big Board Friday MLB news MLB NCAA NFL VIDEO First Alert Weather Video Local News Video Traffic This Morning Weather Your Morning Saturday This Morning Fox 36 Daybreak Your Day at 9 School Closings Crime Watch Recipes Health and Family News Traffic Health Call 11 Ask Call 11 for Action For Help Call 11 for Action Product Recalls Special Reports Don't Waste Your Money Money Talks News TV WTOL TV Schedule WUPW TV Schedule Links mentioned on TV Our Contests Leading Edge ABOUT US Jobs About Us - WTOL About Us - WUPW News Team WTOL Staff Intern or Shadow at WTOL Editorials Advertise Community Track 11 Children's Miracle Network Telethon Truck driver taken to hospital after cab catches fire 2016-12-24T15:21:14Z2016-12-24T15:23:23Z By WTOL Staff Email Connect dotcom@wtol.com (Source: WTOL) (Source: WTOL) OREGON, OH (WTOL) - A truck driver is in the hospital after his semi caught on fire in a parking lot Saturday morning. The driver was parked at the Walmart in Oregon and cooking on a hot plate in the cab of the semi when it caught on fire, according to Oregon Fire’s preliminary report. The driver was transported to Mercy St. Vincent’s Medical Center with burns, but non-life-threatening injuries. Oregon Fire Department says the diesel fuel caught on fire and was put out with foam. The trucking company will clean up the semi, while C&W will pump out the remaining diesel fluid. The semi was carrying a variety of meats packed inside cardboard boxes. Around 10 a.m., crews were still working to smother all fire within the boxes. Follow WTOL:   Download our app here.  Copyright 2016 WTOL. All rights reserved. WTOL 11 Top StoriesWTOL 11 Top StoriesMore>> Business loses thousands of dollars in junkyard fire, arson suspected Business loses thousands of dollars in junkyard fire, arson suspected Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:34 PM EST2016-11-14 22:34:47 GMT Arson is now the suspected cause of the fire that broke out at a salvage yard in north Toledo.More >> Arson is now the suspected cause of the fire that broke out at a salvage yard in north Toledo.More >> GOP Chairman loses bid to keep job to Trump-backed candidate GOP Chairman loses bid to keep job to Trump-backed candidate Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:33 PM EST2017-01-06 23:33:29 GMT (Source: AP Images) Jane Timken said she doubted Chairman Borges’ ability to lead the state party during the forthcoming Trump presidency, tracing her reservations at least to the GOP convention in Cleveland when Trump became the Republican nominee. More >> Jane Timken said she doubted Chairman Borges’ ability to lead the state party during the forthcoming Trump presidency, tracing her reservations at least to the GOP convention in Cleveland when Trump became the Republican nominee.More >> Michigan governor makes disaster declaration due to sinkhole Michigan governor makes disaster declaration due to sinkhole Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 4:36 PM EST2017-01-06 21:36:55 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 4:38 PM EST2017-01-06 21:38:49 GMT (Source: WNEM) Michigan's governor has declared a state of emergency for a county north of Detroit following the collapse of a massive sewage line that - so far - has caused a football field-sized sinkhole.More >> Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder declared a state of emergency Friday for Macomb County due to last month's collapse of a massive sewage line that has caused a football field-sized sinkhole in one of its communities.More >> First Alert Forecast: Bitterly cold, near zero tonight First Alert Forecast: Bitterly cold, near zero tonight Very cold weather will last through the end of the workweek and into the weekend.  More >> Very cold weather will last through the end of the workweek and into the weekend. More >> California funds 1st US inmate sex reassignment California funds 1st US inmate sex reassignment Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 3:33 PM EST2017-01-06 20:33:13 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 3:36 PM EST2017-01-06 20:36:20 GMT (Source: WTOL) A 57-year-old convicted killer serving a life sentence in California became the first U.S. inmate to receive state-funded sex-reassignment surgery, the prisoner's attorneys confirmed Friday to The Associated...More >> A 57-year-old convicted killer serving a life sentence in California became the first U.S. inmate to receive state-funded sex-reassignment surgery, the prisoner's attorneys confirmed Friday to The Associated Press.More >>    Strange But True - Irresistible Headlines & VideoStrange NewsMore>> Girl’s USC rejection letter turns out to be prom proposal Girl’s USC rejection letter turns out to be prom proposal Posted: Monday, April 14 2014 11:11 AM EDT2014-04-14 15:11:20 GMT Updated: Monday, April 14 2014 11:11 AM EDT2014-04-14 15:11:20 GMT A girl who was recently accepted at the University of South Carolina got a second shocking letter telling her that her she was instead rejected by the college.More >> A girl who was recently accepted at the University of South Carolina got a second shocking letter telling her that her she was instead rejected by the college.More >> Life-sized gingerbread house Life-sized gingerbread house Posted: Wednesday, December 9 2015 5:47 PM EST2015-12-09 22:47:49 GMT Updated: Wednesday, December 9 2015 6:06 PM EST2015-12-09 23:06:47 GMT Hotel creates life-sized gingerbread house for the holiday. (Source: The Ritz-Carlton, Dove Mountain/Facebook) The gingerbread house at The Ritz-Carlton, Dove Mountain in Arizona is in a category all by itself- life-size.More >> The gingerbread house at The Ritz-Carlton, Dove Mountain in Arizona is in a category all by itself- life-size.More >> Breakup Shop offers a variety of ways to dump someone Breakup Shop offers a variety of ways to dump someone Posted: Tuesday, November 17 2015 6:32 AM EST2015-11-17 11:32:06 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 17 2015 9:30 AM EST2015-11-17 14:30:34 GMT (Credit: The Breakup Shop/Twitter) A new company is making it easier to breakup with your significant other for as little as $10.More >> A new company is making it easier to breakup with your significant other for as little as $10.More >> Man proposes to girlfriend with a ring made from his wisdom tooth Man proposes to girlfriend with a ring made from his wisdom tooth Posted: Tuesday, November 3 2015 11:43 PM EST2015-11-04 04:43:27 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 3 2015 11:43 PM EST2015-11-04 04:43:26 GMT Source: Carlee Leifkes Meet Carlee Leifkes and Lucas Unger. The two got engaged on Halloween in California. Unger got down on one knee and popped the big question with an engagement ring not made out of diamonds, but rather a ring made from one of his wisdom teeth.More >> Meet Carlee Leifkes and Lucas Unger. The two got engaged on Halloween in California. Unger got down on one knee and popped the big question with an engagement ring not made out of diamonds, but rather a ring made from one of his wisdom teeth.More >> Ink spill makes for messy commute on Holland Sylvania Rd Ink spill makes for messy commute on Holland Sylvania Rd A spill caused some problems for drivers around one busy Toledo roadway over the weekend.  Blue printer ink spilled Friday night at the intersection of Airport Highway and Holland Sylvania Road.More >> A spill caused some problems for drivers around one busy Toledo roadway over the weekend.  Blue printer ink spilled Friday night at the intersection of Airport Highway and Holland Sylvania Road.More >>    Headlines from Lucas, Wood, Ottawa, Fulton & Monroe CountiesNewsMore>> Number of flu cases low in Toledo so far, but could soon pick up steam Number of flu cases low in Toledo so far, but could soon pick up steam Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:41 PM EST2017-01-07 01:41:44 GMT (Source: Ohio Department of Health) After a slow start, the Ohio Department of Health says flu cases across the state are on the rise. The agency reports sixty people were hospitalized the week before Christmas. Like the rest of the state, the number of cases in the Toledo metro area has been low. More >> After a slow start, the Ohio Department of Health says flu cases across the state are on the rise. The agency reports sixty people were hospitalized the week before Christmas. Like the rest of the state, the number of cases in the Toledo metro area has been low.More >> Food Bank, high schools benefit from Oregon Wendy's fundraisers Food Bank, high schools benefit from Oregon Wendy's fundraisers Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:10 PM EST2017-01-07 00:10:43 GMT (Source: WTOL) On December 18, over 200 customers made donations of at least $5 to the food bank with Wendy’s matching the total of all donations. For the next three days, Wendy’s held one day fundraisers for Waite High School, Cardinal Stritch High School and Clay High School. More >> On December 18, over 200 customers made donations of at least $5 to the food bank with Wendy’s matching the total of all donations. For the next three days, Wendy’s held one day fundraisers for Waite High School, Cardinal Stritch High School and Clay High School.More >> Construction work continues in towering Toledo building Construction work continues in towering Toledo building Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:49 PM EST2017-01-06 23:49:17 GMT (Source: WTOL) The bitter winter cold is not stopping construction crews from working on renovating the old Fiberglas Tower in downtown Toledo.  More >> The bitter winter cold is not stopping construction crews from working on renovating the old Fiberglas Tower in downtown Toledo. More >> GOP Chairman loses bid to keep job to Trump-backed candidate GOP Chairman loses bid to keep job to Trump-backed candidate Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:33 PM EST2017-01-06 23:33:29 GMT (Source: AP Images) Jane Timken said she doubted Chairman Borges’ ability to lead the state party during the forthcoming Trump presidency, tracing her reservations at least to the GOP convention in Cleveland when Trump became the Republican nominee. More >> Jane Timken said she doubted Chairman Borges’ ability to lead the state party during the forthcoming Trump presidency, tracing her reservations at least to the GOP convention in Cleveland when Trump became the Republican nominee.More >> Back-to-back losses weigh heavy on Polish Village senior center Back-to-back losses weigh heavy on Polish Village senior center Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:32 PM EST2017-01-06 23:32:34 GMT (Source: WTOL) The Zablocki Senior Center is remembering their director of 30 years, James Gramza, 63, after his passing this week, and it only adds to the grief they were already feeling. More >> The Zablocki Senior Center is remembering their director of 30 years, James Gramza, 63, after his passing this week, and it only adds to the grief they were already feeling.More >>    Can't Find Something? WTOL FCC Public File wtolpublicfile @wtol.com (419) 248-1111 EEO Report Closed Captioning WUPW FCC Public File publicfile @foxtoledo.com (419) 248-1111 EEO Report Closed Captioning 730 North Summit Street Toledo, OH 43604 (419) 248-1111 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
9:09 pm, January 6, 2017 28° Washington, DC Listen Live 103.5 FM Listen Latest Traffic News Traffic Weather News Local DC Maryland Virginia National World Government Federal News Radio Inauguration Living Entertainment Sports Money Education Tech Watercooler All Sections Fun & Games Lottery Results Photo Galleries Latest Videos Podcasts Contests Recommended Stories Play Now Follow WTOP on Facebook Traffic Weather Local Va.•Md.•D.C.•Traffic•Weather•Inauguration•Metro Headlines Get Alerts 2 ALERTS   WEATHER ALERT A Winter Weather Advisory has been expanded to include much of the D.C. region for snow that will move in in overnight. CLOSINGS Some area school systems have begun to cancel Saturday and Sunday activities. See the full list here. Christmas News Previous Story Forget Rudolph — snowboarding ‘Santa’ takes flight with drone Next Story The procrastinator’s guide to last-minute holiday shopping Home » Latest News » Living News » Holiday News » Christmas News » Last-minute shoppers dash to… Last-minute shoppers dash to stores as Christmas descends By Kathy Stewart | @KStewartWTOP December 24, 2016 10:41 am 12/24/2016 10:41am Share Even though Christmas comes around the same time every year, some people are still caught off guard. Now, in the eleventh hour, they are heading out to get that Christmas shopping done on this Christmas Eve. Some shoppers strategically wait until Christmas Eve to shop … they say to avoid the crowds. (WTOP/Kathy Stewart) WASHINGTON — Even though Christmas comes around the same time every year, some people are still caught off guard. Now, in the eleventh hour, they are heading out to get that Christmas shopping done. For those who are either picking up a last-minute gift or who have not even started their Christmas shopping yet, know that many stores opened early Christmas Eve. But, be warned that some stores, including Wal-Mart, will close early at 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve and will not reopen until Monday. Macy’s, JC Penney, Sears and Best Buy also stay open until 6 p.m. Target will stay open until 10 p.m. on Dec. 24, and Toys R Us stays open until 9 p.m. Walgreens locations will stay open until midnight (their 24-hour locations, obviously, will be open all night). There’s also Amazon Prime now, which is available in Washington, Baltimore and 28 other metro areas. You can shop there online until 9:45 p.m. and get your delivery by midnight. While it doesn’t have Amazon’s full selection, it does provide essentials like food items and wrapping paper. A common problem shoppers face when dashing around trying to get all their shopping done is going over budget. Drawing up a list beforehand is one way of cutting extraneous costs. Some stores even offer free gift wrapping, which can save shoppers precious time and alleviate some stress, too. If you are a last-minute shopper, know that gift cards make a good last minute gift; they are even available at local grocery stores. According to a survey by the National Retail Federation, 41 percent of people surveyed said that if they received gift cards for the holidays, they would watch out for great deals. Comments WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us. comments Follow @WTOP on Twitter and like us on Facebook. © 2016 WTOP. All Rights Reserved. Topics: christmas eve Christmas News Consumer News gift cards Holiday News holiday shopping kathy stewart last-minute shopping Latest News Money News Photo Galleries shoppers Home » Latest News » Living News » Holiday News » Christmas News » Last-minute shoppers dash to… Recommended Latest US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded National News Prince George’s liquor board official resigns after bribery charges Prince George's County, MD News Metro unveils Trump-themed SmarTrip covers Inauguration Day 2017 Closings and delays for Saturday, Jan. 6 Sprawl & Crawl Judge keeps, tosses parts of suit against MD prosecutor Maryland News DC leaders share logistics for Inauguration Day Inauguration Day 2017 House reactivates rule making it easier to slash feds' pay Government Kennedy Center show highlights life and influence of Confucius Sponsored by Image China: Confucius RFK site’s short-term future laid out at meeting Local FAA drops plan to change flight patterns in region Local Media Galleries 2017's first snow 30 years ago: Deadly Amtrak crash Obama presidency: Commander-in-chief Fun stuff to do in January Today in History: Jan. 6. 10 warm salads for winter 2017 local deaths of note 2016 NFL Week 17 Recap Look back at Obama presidency Celebrity birthdays Jan. 1-7 Where are they now? 2016’s Pets of the Week Best entertainment photos of 2016 Top sports photos of 2016 Must-see feature photos of 2016 Top photos of 2016 28 tricks and tips to save money Most buzzed about restaurant openings of 2016 WTOP’s celebrity chats of 2016 Top entertainment stories of 2016 2016 Celebrity Deaths 2016's top local images Get alerts Sign Up Fun & Games Play Now News Team Careers Advertise Contests Contacts Submit News Tip Charities Events Video Podcast DC Federal News Radio Copyright © 2016 by WTOP. All rights reserved. Feedback Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Comment Policy EEO Hubbard Radio FCC Public Inspection File
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Friday, January 6, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 4°F Cloudy Friday, January 6, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Chicago man arrested for Rantoul robbery, shooting share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Local Champaign man gets 10 years for weapons, escape charges Street closures listing Champaign man gets probation, hefty fines for dealing drugs Rantoul burglary plea yields 11-year sentence × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Local Chicago man arrested for Rantoul robbery, shooting Sat, 12/24/2016 - 9:41am | Mary Schenk Photo by: Provided by CCSO Jawan Gipson URBANA — A Chicago man who allegedly robbed and shot at a man outside a Rantoul business earlier this month has been arrested. Rantoul police Sgt. Justin Bouse said police had been looking for Jawan Gipson in connection with a Dec. 15 holdup that occurred at the Walmart store parking lot, 845 Broadmeadow Road. Gipson, 19, was located Friday afternoon by Champaign police detective Pat Funkhouser, who knew Rantoul police were looking for Gipson. He was caught after a brief foot chase in Champaign. Gipson was arrested on preliminary charges of armed robbery and aggravated discharge of a firearm. He is expected to be formally charged next week. The robbery and shooting happened about 8 p.m. on Thursday, Dec. 15. The victim told police he went to the store parking lot to meet with a female acquaintance and a man, later identified as Gipson. He got in the car with them and was robbed of cash by the man, which the victim tried to get back. As he got out of the car, Bouse said, the man allegedly fired through the front seat driver’s window at him. The victim sustained injuries from breaking glass, and was later treated and released. The man gave police enough information that they could develop Gipson as the person they were looking for, Bouse said. An anonymous tip to police Friday led to his arrest.   Sections (2):News, Local Topics (1):Courts, Police, Fire More Local Champaign man gets 10 years for weapons, escape charges Street closures listing Champaign man gets probation, hefty fines for dealing drugs Rantoul burglary plea yields 11-year sentence More Local Champaign man gets 10 years for weapons, escape charges Street closures listing Champaign man gets probation, hefty fines for dealing drugs Rantoul burglary plea yields 11-year sentence Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News Street closures listing Rantoul burglary plea yields 11-year sentence Plans for new Reagan statue stall after mayor's death Electoral College makes it official: Trump wins presidency Factory orders drop, but investment up DUI arrest data: Year's total lowest since '05 GOP has Trump's back as he questions U.S. intelligence Ex-Mitsubishi plant now owned by Rivian Automotive Springfield businessman faces fraud charges Trade deficit climbs to $45.2 billion in November More Local News Most Viewed News UPDATE: Man was shot in chest UPDATED: Champaign man charged with DUI following crash that killed Mahomet woman UPDATED: Champaign man charged with DUI following crash that killed Mahomet woman UPDATE: Man was shot in chest UPDATE: Man was shot in chest Most Commented News UPDATE: Man was shot in chest Guest Commentary: Father defends slain son UPDATED: arbitrator rules for Rush — again Getting Personal: Scott Bennett Arrest made in connection with home invasion of 87-year-old Trending Now UPDATE: No shots fired in Urbana Former Blind Pig manager ordered to repay owner $10,500 'This young man is dangerous' UPDATE: Man was shot in chest Macy's in Champaign survives cuts Hobbico's deferral of payout upsets, confounds ex-workers Arkansas man arrested on I-57 after shooting in Gilman UPDATE: Accident on I-74 between Neil and Lincoln Alleged con artist in jail Dismemberment case: 7 years for Champaign man Danville's Moore drawing eyes with big scoring Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Frequently Asked Questions Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power By Associated Press Published: 15:49 EST, 24 December 2016 | Updated: 15:50 EST, 24 December 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it'll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early '80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-'90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. FILE - In this Nov. 25, 2016, file photo, Maddy, left, and her friend Maggie, sit with their shopping bags at Union Square in San Francisco. The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent. The shift is in part because people are spreading out their shopping all year, demanding big discounts and spending more on events rather than more stuff. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) "There was a mindset even before online shopping," said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. "But this just accelerated it." In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. "I'm pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV," Terry Kreft, 38, said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called "Black Friday" and "Cyber Monday." "I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling," Kreft said. But a late rush isn't expected to make up the difference. "It's no longer a seasonal business," said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. "It's a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season — and all year long." Here's what's behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON'T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS: Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. "People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for," said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISCOUNTING: With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won't break the habit. "The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items," said Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track. "Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales." One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren't booked as sales until they're redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 percent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 percent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy's have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 percent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 percent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 percent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. ___ Associated Press writer Bruce Shipkowski in Brick, New Jersey contributed to this report. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown 'You're psychotic!': CBB bosses are forced to intervene as Austin Armacost loses his temper in explosive row with Heidi Montag Speidi his 'nightmare' 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes put in giant Prozac pill that as she is buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds Jedward FALL off the stage as they make an 'awkward and cringe' return to the Celebrity Big Brother house Return after five years 'We had a bit of a special day': Coronation Street's Jennie McAlpine reveals she secretly married long term partner Chris Farr  Fizz revealed her ring Alex Jones bursts into tears during emotional farewell from The One Show ahead of maternity leave... as she prepares for birth of her first child Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Enjoying the darkness The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate the mysterious death How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her beauty secrets Hollyoaks' Stephanie Waring covers up in black ensemble as co-star Amanda Clapham flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather skirt Red hot! Former X Factor star Chloe Paige goes braless in choker and plunging blazer at George Michael tribute charity bash No stranger to flaunting Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Back with a vengeance 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after the stress of dealing with her traumatic Paris heist 'We're there for each other together or not!' Marnie Simpson posts defiant selfie with ex Lewis Bloor amid cheating accusations 'It's time to calm the hell down!' Ray J, 35, admits he needs to 'grow up' now that he's married and reveals he wants children with wife Princess Love Back with a bang! The Voice judges open the new look show with joint performance... as Jennifer Hudson and Gavin Rossdale join star-studded panel Prince had $25million in real estate and hoarded cash before his death: Inventory of megastar's $300M estate shows he had $110,000 in his bank James Cosmo is the first housemate up for eviction in cruel CBB twist as Angie Best delivers a killer nomination EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings How I lost SIX STONE on my Definitive Diet: Oxford and Harvard-educated DR XAND VAN TULLEKEN on the weight loss plan which changed his life  'She had a great, generous energy': Adam Driver pays tribute to his Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher, describing her death as a 'tragedy' 'Generous energy.' Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend She touched down at JFK Airport in NYC Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Ciara decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future The 31-year-old Body Party singer had originally filed the suit back in February Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Looked a right lemon Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He's not shied away from any subjects in the house Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Another year of antics to remember for Mel? La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Saucer of milk to Seat 2! Boy George and Peter 'Marilyn' Robinson get catty about Gavin Rossdale ahead of his debut on ITV's series of The Voice Beach babe! Louise Redknapp, 42, displays her ample cleavage in plunging nautical inspired bikini alongside sculpted hubby Jamie, 43, on family holiday Like mother, like daughter! Kristina Rihanoff and lookalike mum Larisa cut glamorous figures as they attend star-studded party together in London The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Bundle up in style! As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats to shop now TOWIE's Gemma Collins gets back to business as she works up a sweat whipping her Brentwood store into shape for the New Year Enjoyed her Christmas 'It makes me furious!': Chloe Madeley rages against 'disgusting' reality stars who 'yo-yo diet to sell weight loss DVDs' Weighing in on the issue 'We're supposed to be boys!': CBB's Jamie O'Hara and Calum Best 'fight' for Jasmine Waltz's affections as they play out their love rivalry  'I'm not right!' Jodie Marsh turns up the heat as she shares throwback shot of herself posing outdoors completely NUDE save for boots and a furry hat 'Me and my girl!' Smiling Reese Witherspoon, 40, poses for selfie with her lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe, 17 Looked more like sisters Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break Stunning figure 'I need to put ice on my b**s': Ray J admits he 'would have jumped at the chance' to bed CBB housemate Nicola McLean in his younger days Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party Came hours after  goodbye  'You wouldn't wear a G-string in the street!': Eamonn Holmes blasts people who wear pyjamas outside... as he insists sexual attraction is vital for relationships 'I'm having a midlife crisis': CBB's Coleen Nolan reveals she's not 'putting all the blame' on husband Ray for their public marriage woes On the rocks EXCLUSIVE: Sombre Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats' after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her $113 velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work in frigid New York temperatures Looked stunning Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  She's been soaking up the sunshine  'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Dolce & Gabbana designer praises Mrs Trump for wearing their dress then fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticise him 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 Dating for a few months EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied across town It wasn't meant to be: Keith Lemon reveals the late George Michael had wanted to work with him on comedy panel show Celebrity Juice Particularly saddened New boyfriend alert? Former TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh steps out once again with tattooed hunk Nathan Sharpe after sparking new romance rumours Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas FIRST LOOK: Gary Barlow and Dannii Minogue look glamorous in new Let It Shine promo pic... as singing hopefuls are revealed Hunting for new stars Who's THAT girl? CBB pin-up Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognisable in flashback modelling shots from her youth Dramatically different 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway What a view! FKA twigs shows off her eccentric style sense in an oversized khaki co-ord and tiger print waistcoat at LFW Flashing a hint of leg with a thigh-high split Coronation Street's Helen Flanagan wraps up in pink fur trimmed coat as she shoots upcoming scenes for her highly-awaited soap return MIC's Louise Thompson shows off impeccably ripped stomach in Sri Lanka as she posts another bikini snap from lengthy winter getaway 'We're not that kind of show': Ed Balls shocks the Loose Women with a VERY rude joke about having a fluffer to prepare him for his appearance  Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Copied the president elect's style offstage Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in midlength dress as she goes grocery shopping  Who needs an entourage? Geordie Shore's Sophie unwittingly flashes her bare chest and derriere in lingerie-style bikini as she joins beefcake beau Joel Corry on Mexican beach 'I was able to focus on things I really care about': Professor Green says his documentaries were a welcome distraction from divorce with Millie Mackintosh 'I'm going to smash your face in!' Tensions run high on CBB as Coleen Nolan scolds Angie Best for telling her not to smoke Left fuming PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen last year He's a star baby! Pink shows off one-week-old son Jameson as they go on a rather stylish family outing  They were joined by Willow, 5, and her hubby Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow She's the leading lady of the moment EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's athletic fashion company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, saying they deny prying into her medical files Have a little Patience! Gary Barlow debuts impressively toned chest after 'intense' three month slim down as he goes SHIRTLESS on Let It Shine debut EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban heads to Charing Cross Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after best friend Kim Kardashian was robbed in Paris Football manager Roberto Mancini's new girlfriend displays her enviably svelte frame in a skimpy black bikini as the pair enjoy getaway to St Barths Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Spotted in an off-duty look 'Erm, I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open 'Battle of the bulges!' Danny Dyer and Richard Blackwood spark excitement across Twitter as they wear VERY revealing workout gear on EastEnders No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins in new Instagram shot... days after disastrous NYE performance  The Goodger Life! TOWIE's Lauren displays extremely shapely posterior on Dubai getaway... after vowing to enhance her 'big butt' in 2017 'Early mornings ain't so bad!' Danni Minogue's ex partner Kris Smith shows off his enviable muscles by going shirtless on Instagram 'She's very good at the passive aggressive thing': Denise Welch appears to throw shade at Coleen Nolan... after falling out with her in 2013 The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist', Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes The comedian posted a video 'I love the guy!': Mel Giedroyc reveals how she feels about her former Great British Bake Off co-star Paul Hollywood  No hard feelings Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m It carries the prestigious 90210 zip code and has plenty of star neighbours Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend The stars were seen at LAX Airport Friday Meryl Streep, Gwyneth Paltrow and Meg Ryan among the stars to turn out for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's memorial service  Star-studded farewell Stephen Fry, 59, pays his respects to Carrie Fisher at her memorial service with husband Elliott Spencer, 29... after bonding with actress over depression Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 'Stop the crocodile tears!': CBB's Nicola McLean is branded 'fake' by viewers as she breaks down during confession that she's missing her sons PICTURED: Jedward seen leaving the Big Brother hotel... ahead of their 'surprise return to the CBB house in special live show' The quiffs are back! EXCLUSIVE: She wore a black wig and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York for a fling with Marlon Brando Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover up to cover girl Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honour Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Comes as stars attended her memorial Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian 'We started screaming!': Sylvester Stallone's daughters admit shock at being given Miss Golden Globes 2017 honour as they pose for new shoot Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party Don't drop it! Tallia Storm shows off her pert posterior in a colourful bikini as she goes for a dip with her phone in hand while in Barbados   'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about Ella Rae, 13 Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Racy Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Strictly time to relax She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Olivia Wilde is winter savvy  Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson feels 'deeply sorry' for co-star Marty McKenna... following his shock claims over her 'infidelity'  Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cosies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA Handsome couple 'You're slagging me off you old hag': Jemma Lucy calls former mentor Katie Price a c*** in explosive foul-mouthed tirade over ex-boyfriend Stephen Bear Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample bust in lacy scarlet lingerie as she films saucy segment for CBB BOTS All eyes on her All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show Never struggles to turn heads He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Up close and personal Whodunnit? The nurse, the teacher, the lawyer, or the policewoman? At least one suspect was probably a sinner in new series of Unforgotten, by Jim Shelley 'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' amid holiday season  The star is currently allowed supervised visitation 'Sliding not so elegantly into 2017': Sam Thompson relentlessly mocks sister Louise AGAIN as he tries and  fails to mimic THAT beach lift What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes Made their public debut as a couple Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party It is not often Justin is overshadowed Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party While both gunning for Best Actress 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast Sewing his future! Kanye West works a late night at the office out of his fashion headquarters He's currently taking a break from the music Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Supporting her sister after sunny break 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Retelling of classic tale Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Never one to cover up her figure 'It's a fun and exciting time': Tom Daley, 22, reveals he will marry fiancé Dustin Lance Black, 42, this year as they debate over UK or US wedding Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Kept things casual during break from filming 'I didn't know whether I would be any good': Katie Piper reveals motherhood doubts on Loose Women as she stuns in sweater and leather skirt She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Out with his favourite accessory - his dog New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere First day of CES show Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Focusing on work after marriage split Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Certainly knows the benefit of a quick change Shane Richie Jr admits 'it doesn't look good' for mum Coleen's troubled marriage... as he reveals he's CHANGING his surname to Nolan  Major family drama 'Is it all the pizza I'm eating?' Cheeky Katie Salmon admits her 'a** is thicker than ever' in bodacious thong snap Bringing up the rear Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Come far from The Hills Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Discussed life-threatening attack  Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year Calum Best's ex Bianca Gascoigne admits she would kiss him again during flirty exchange on CBB... as it's claimed shes 'dating MMA fighter' 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male-dominated film industry She feels 'lonely' 'I'd be more mentally prepared': CBB's Jasmine Waltz lashes out at sobbing Nicola McLean as the glamour model laments that she's missing her sons Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media Travelled in style 'My Daddy kicks butt!' Jamie Foxx's daughter Annalise approves of his film Sleepless at premiere Gave his eight-year-old princess a big kiss Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Still amicable despite being exes Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA What a stunner Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Has spoken out about disaster many times No New Year's kiss then? Perrie Edwards rings in 2017 without 'beau' Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain... as she enjoys night out at local working men's club Lucy Mecklenburgh is a work of art in latest ellesse campaign as she poses COMPLETELY NAKED in bodypaint   Exquisite effect A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA Keeping it simple It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami Nice view New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Back to business since departure CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left at mercy of the All Stars 'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates 'Don't hate on me!' Aaron Chalmers lashes out at ex-girlfriend Marnie Simpson for harsh comments over 'weird' romance with Lauren Pope A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Steamy Instagram 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna 'They look older than they are': Katie Price insists young girls are wearing too much make-up... after apologising for THAT picture of dolled-up daughter Princess, 8 'He needs to go to rehab for a very long time': CBB's Bianca Gascoigne expresses her fears over stepfather Paul's drinking Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her growing bump in a cosy coat... after joking that she 'thought she might give birth' on The One Show sofa Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Back at the weekend  Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Lazed around pool  'William can't stop kissing his brother': Touching letters written by Princess Diana as the young princes grew up sell for £15,000  The sweetest thing! Bobby Cannavale kisses his partner Rose Byrne on the cheek during a romantic date at the Great Barrier Reef Little Minx! Jed Elliott posts racy snap of girlfriend Jade Thirlwall's peachy posterior as they enjoy romantic sun-soaked break PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland The star was linked to model last year Nicola McLean slams Danielle Lloyd and her 'vile' family who labelled her a 'fat c**t' after she disagreed with model calling her DOG the same name as her son Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  Enjoyed outing with her youngest child   David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover Recovering at home in Los Angeles  'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type...' CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down romance with Jamie O'Hara... as he says he wants to sleep with her EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Rodrigo Alves ate 3,000-calorie-a-day diet for lipo fat transfer to his BUM... despite dangers of 47th surgery after life-threatening necrosis 'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Co-starred in Doubt Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council She's one of fashion's most iconic designers. EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads home to LA 'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus Following a hiatus 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes Truly star-studded Starting the party early? Lisa Appleton flashes her ample cleavage in skintight dress and thigh-highs as she sips on a bottle of wine on train journey Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini Smoking hot shots  'She needs to run, far far away': Emmerdale fans call for Pierce Harris to 'go to jail' after shocking rape of girlfriend Rhona Goskirk Shocking scene EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban falls out with CBB bosses after negotiations reach a fiery end... as $1m Ray J's manager calls reality star a 'little hanger on' Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams 'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to losing 42lbs She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna 'She wants to prove she's not a heartbroken mess': Casey Batchelor 'hopes to return to CBB' to confront former rival Jasmine Waltz over Lee Ryan love triangle  Her sss-sexiest shoot yet! Kendall Jenner dares to bare as she models HUGE snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Temptress makeover 'And I Am Telling You... I can sing!' Katie Price impresses The Voice coach Jennifer Hudson with her 'sober' vocals on Loose Women  Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film More to be excited about 'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Speaking candidly  Sky Sports presenter Natalie Pinkham shows off her stunning figure in white mesh kaftan as she enjoys sunny family break in Barbados Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Blonde bombshell 'She's in a happy relationship': Bianca Gascoigne 'LIED to CBB producers about being single' as it's claimed she is 'secretly dating MMA fighter' The breast it's going to get! Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy showcases her ample assets in steamy TOPLESS selfie alongside gal pal Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions ECONOMY The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power Published December 24, 2016 Associated Press Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print Shoppers careen through the main floor at Macy's department store in New York on November 28, the official start of the holiday shopping season. Retailers dub the day "Black Friday" in hope that sales will turn into the black ink of profits for the all-important retail season. - RTXH3SJ NEW YORK –  The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it'll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early '80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-'90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. "There was a mindset even before online shopping," said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. "But this just accelerated it." In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. "I'm pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV," Terry Kreft said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called "Black Friday" and "Cyber Monday." "I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling," Kreft said. But a late rush isn't expected to make up the difference. "It's no longer a seasonal business," said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. "It's a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season — and all year long." Here's what's behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON'T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS: Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. "People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for," said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISOUNTING: With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won't break the habit. "The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items," said Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track. "Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales." One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren't booked as sales until they're redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 percent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 percent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy's have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 percent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 percent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 percent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. ___ Associated Press writer Bruce Shipkowski in Brick, New Jersey contributed to this report. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Gingrich: Will Chuck Schumer become Senator 'No' and wipe out his party's future? 2 What no one wants to tell Sally Field, Keegan-Michael Key and all the other anti-Trump celebrities (but should) 3 Thanks to our mistakes with Iran, the North Korean threat to the US is at record levels 4 Steve Moore: My grade for Obama on his economic legacy? A gentleman's C 5 Wise men and wise women: "Hidden Figures" and Epiphany Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Edmonton Sun Friday January 6 2017 Home News In News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports In Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf Mixed Martial Arts Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life In Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech In Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money In Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel In Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Flyers This week Snow Scene As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives News Edmonton Adopt-A-Teen says thank you Edmonton By Claire Theobald First posted: Saturday, December 24, 2016 08:26 AM MST Graham Hicks with gift cards for Adopt-A-Teen. Article Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error From the bottom of our hearts at Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen, thank you. Thanks to generous donors like you, every underprivileged teen on our list will have a $50 Walmart gift card – or whatever surprise Santa Claus left in its stead – waiting for them Christmas morning. As you sit down to celebrate the holidays with your families, know that your efforts and kind contributions helped another family do the same. It's one thing to hear it from us, it's another to hear it from our teens. “We want to thank you so very much for helping (my son) have a Merry Christmas. He is able to buy himself new clothes and things he would like to pick out on his own. This is a wonderful program that gives the teens an opportunity to pick out the things they may need or want,” wrote one mother. “This Christmas I could not afford to buy any Christmas gifts for my children. There simply was no money. As a mom, whose primary love language is gift-giving, this broke my heart,” wrote another. “People seldom understand what it is like to know that when I set up my Christmas Tree this year, I also planned on there being no gifts under it. The gift cards I received from Adopt-A-Teen changed all that by allowing me to buy a gift for each of my children.” Another mother wrote, “I would like to thank you for the gift card for my daughter for Christmas. This helps me out a lot due to me leaving an abusive relationship. This year the children will not be receiving much, so with this little bit from you and from the Christmas bureau my children will have something to wake up to. Thank you. God bless you.” This year, as tough economic times hit Alberta families hard, we put out the biggest ask for donations in our charity's 17-year history. While the challenge of raising enough funds before Christmas was great, the generosity shown by the community was even greater. As the hours ticked by, we never lost faith that, somehow, you would come through for our teens. The gift you have given to our teens means so much more than $50 in trinkets, with every donation you sent a message that the community is there when our teens need it the most. There are no words to describe how grateful we are for your generosity, it is truly overwhelming. Thank you. twitter.com/AdoptATeen As Advertised in the Edmonton SUN Adopt-A-Teen says thank you Edmonton By Claire Theobald First posted: Saturday, December 24, 2016 08:26 AM MST From the bottom of our hearts at Edmonton Sun Adopt-A-Teen, thank you. Thanks to generous donors like you, every underprivileged teen on our list will have a $50 Walmart gift card – or whatever surprise Santa Claus left in its stead – waiting for them Christmas morning. As you sit down to celebrate the holidays with your families, know that your efforts and kind contributions helped another family do the same. It's one thing to hear it from us, it's another to hear it from our teens. “We want to thank you so very much for helping (my son) have a Merry Christmas. He is able to buy himself new clothes and things he would like to pick out on his own. This is a wonderful program that gives the teens an opportunity to pick out the things they may need or want,” wrote one mother. “This Christmas I could not afford to buy any Christmas gifts for my children. There simply was no money. As a mom, whose primary love language is gift-giving, this broke my hea Top stories Popular Latest Videos Larsson silencing critics of Taylor Hall trade Political correctness has run amok Man charged in first Edmonton homicide of 2017 'The firing just went on and on'; 5 dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Woman accused of manslaughter may be in Edmonton, say RCMP Airport shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after Iraq tour: Aunt Carbon tax will cost Alberta schools millions, push up school fees, Wildrose says 'The firing just went on and on'; 5 dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Slingshot vandal dodges criminal record for bus shelter 'carnage' Man charged in first Edmonton homicide of 2017 Woman found dead at northwest Edmonton house Walterdale Bridge Tour Edmonton property owners see dip in value thanks to slow economy, says city Ups and downs seen in Edmonton's 2017 housing forecast You will see benefits of carbon tax More from Edmonton Carbon tax will cost Alberta schools millions, push up school fees, Wildrose says Slingshot vandal dodges criminal record for bus shelter 'carnage' Man charged in first Edmonton homicide of 2017 Woman who beat husband to death sentenced to 15 years in prison Alberta court ruling an affront to free speech, lawyer says Inside Edmonton sun.com Home Rounds Fore Less 2016 Home Send/read letters News Airport shooting suspect 'lost' mind News City senior unfit for trial in wife's death News Carbon tax to cost schools millions says Wildrose Sports Raps' Carroll expecting Millsap trade News Tilikum, orca that killed trainer, has died Entertainment Affleck is best actor/director: Cranston News Woman detained after reporting rape: Suit Entertainment Debbie Reynolds, Carrie Fisher laid to rest News 5 dead in Fla. airport shooting Sports Raptors-Jazz reaction: Every coach is a fan of Low Home Mobile version News Edmonton Alberta Canada World Weird Archives Sports Latest Scores Oilers Eskimos Lacrosse Hockey Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Curling Tennis Golf MMA Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Books Stage Archives Life Sex Files Health & Fitness YEG Man Eat Fashion Sun in the Community Archives Tech News Gadgets Gaming Archives Money Money Home Search Jobs Archives Travel Alberta Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Snowscene Flyers This week Snow Scene As Advertised Edmonton Motor Show Homes Weather Golf Twitter / Facebook Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Edmonton Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Toronto Sun Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun Calgary Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive 2 Norwich students win city's fire prevention poster contest Saturday Dec 24, 2016 at 11:33 AM Dec 24, 2016 at 11:33 AM Ryan Blessing rblessing@norwichbulletin.com, (860) 425-4205 rblessingNB     NORWICH — The Norwich fire department honored two young students whose drawings are in the running to be featured as part of a statewide effort to promote fire prevention. Luis Maldonado, a fourth-grader at Veterans Memorial School and Daniel St. George, who is in fifth grade at Sacred Heart, had the winning entries in the department's annual fire prevention poster contest. Luis and Daniel were joined Dec. 21 at the city's station by runners-up Kaitlyn Titus, John Dexter, Rose Saint Eloi and Zosia Hospod. Kaitlyn and John are in fourth grade at Sacred Heart, and Zosia is in fifth grade. Rose attends Uncas School, where she is in fifth grade.     "I can help your put out this fire," Daniel’s fire hydrant, complete with eyes and a smile, says on his winning poster. The fifth-grader had several tips for what to do if there's a fire in one's home.  "If you are in a fire you should not go and get your belongings," he advises on his poster. "You must get out of the fire as fast as you can." All the winning Norwich students received a smoke detector and a Wal-Mart gift card, and Luis and Daniel also received fire extinguishers.  Deputy Fire Marshal Lauren Casady teaches fire prevention at the city's schools. "The basics like smoke alarms, knowing two ways out of a building, having a meeting place for your family and calling 911, among other things," he said of the curriculum.  The fourth- and fifth-graders then make posters describing what they learned about fire safety, Casady said. The poster contest's theme is "Fire Prevention - Everyone/Everyday," and all fourth and fifth grade students in the state are eligible. Winning posters from each town advance to the county level judging, and then a state winner is selected from the top county entries. The statewide winner's entry is featured on the state's annual fire prevention poster, while the county winners are featured throughout the calendar, Casady said. "The state winner gets a $750 check and the school gets a $500 grant," he said. "But what's most important is to learn and practice fire safety."  In addition to showcasing dozens of posters from students throughout the state, the calendar also offers important reminders and fire prevention tips, such as to check the batteries in smoke detectors on the first day of each month.   The Poster Recognition Program is sponsored by the Connecticut FAIR Plan, which represents the insurance industry, in cooperation with the Office of the State Fire Marshal, Connecticut Fire Marshals Association, Connecticut Fire Chiefs Association the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection and the state Board of Education.  About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Boomers Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 11° F Few Clouds Hi: 20° F Lo: 13° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines BMI removes Kim Burrell from gospel trailblazers event Updated: 16 mins ago NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The performing rights organization BMI is the latest group to distance itself from gospel singer Kim Burrell after v… UN chief sees ‘historic opportunity’ for Cyprus breakthrough Updated: 16 mins ago UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Secretary-General Antonio Guterres believes there is “a historic opportunity” for a breakthrough in upcoming negotiati… US ambassador meets goal _ visiting 189 UN missions Updated: 16 mins ago FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone Updated: 36 mins ago 911 recordings: Man found dead in Maryland woods was naked Updated: 46 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 11° F Few Clouds Feels Like: -1° F Wind: W 8 Humidity: 56% Dewpoint: -2° F Sunrise: 7:45 AM Sunset: 4:56 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Local athlete played on national junior hockey team 5:49 pm The tournament concluded on Thursday. UMaine women’s hoops coach takes indefinite medical leave Updated: 13 mins ago ORONO, Maine (AP) — The women’s basketball coach at the University of Maine is taking an indefinite medical leave. UMaine announced Richard … No. 6 Kentucky encouraged by defensive results Updated: 13 mins ago Pinson set to return for No. 14 UNC against rival NC State Updated: 13 mins ago The Audcast, Episode 13: Sabres mailbag edition 2:31 pm Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 11° F Few Clouds Hi: 20° F Lo: 13° F The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power ANNE D'INNOCENZIO, The Associated Press Published: December 24, 2016, 10:56 am Updated: December 25, 2016, 12:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) NEW YORK (AP) — The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year’s sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it’ll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early ’80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-’90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. “There was a mindset even before online shopping,” said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. “But this just accelerated it.” In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. “I’m pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV,” Terry Kreft, 38, said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called “Black Friday” and “Cyber Monday.” “I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling,” Kreft said. But a late rush isn’t expected to make up the difference. “It’s no longer a seasonal business,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. “It’s a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season — and all year long.” Here’s what’s behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON’T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS: Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. “People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for,” said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISOUNTING: With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won’t break the habit. “The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items,” said Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track. “Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales.” One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren’t booked as sales until they’re redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 percent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 percent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy’s have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 percent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 percent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 percent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. ___ Associated Press writer Bruce Shipkowski in Brick, New Jersey contributed to this report. ___ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power     By Anne D'Innocenzio, The Associated Press December 24, 2016     NEW YORK, N.Y. - The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 per cent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 per cent, and experts believe it'll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early '80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-'90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. "There was a mindset even before online shopping," said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. "But this just accelerated it." In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. "I'm pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV," Terry Kreft, 38, said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called "Black Friday" and "Cyber Monday." "I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling," Kreft said. But a late rush isn't expected to make up the difference. "It's no longer a seasonal business," said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. "It's a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season — and all year long." Here's what's behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON'T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS: Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 per cent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 per cent a year ago. "People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for," said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISCOUNTING: With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won't break the habit. "The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items," said Traci Gregorski, senior vice-president of marketing at Market Track. "Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales." One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren't booked as sales until they're redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 per cent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 per cent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy's have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 per cent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 per cent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 per cent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. ___ Associated Press writer Bruce Shipkowski in Brick, New Jersey contributed to this report. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2016         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   NextInput Offers The World’s Best Force Button JWC Environmental to Acquire FRC Systems International, Expand Solutions for Industrial Wastewater Company Profile for Cogilex R&D inc.           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
null
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News Christmas Eve, Day Hours: Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Costco, Kmart, Kroger & Publix US News Christmas Eve, Day Hours: Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Costco, Kmart, Kroger & Publix By Jack Phillips, Epoch Times | December 24, 2016 AT 12:35 PM Last Updated: December 25, 2016 7:53 pm Christmas Eve 2016 is Saturday, Dec. 24, and a number of stores are open. Here are the hours for Walmart, Target, Best Buy, and Costco. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) Christmas Eve is Saturday, Dec. 24, and a number of stores are open. It’s worth noting that in specific areas, hours for chain stores might differ. And the vast majority of these stores are CLOSED on Christmas Day. Walmart is CLOSED on Christmas Day. Kmart is CLOSED on Christmas Day. Target is CLOSED Christmas Day. Costco is CLOSED on Christmas Day. Kroger is CLOSED Christmas Day. Publix is CLOSED on Christmas Day. The only stores that are open are Rite Aide, Walgreens, CVS Pharmacy, and other drug stores. Check hours before going out. 7-Eleven is OPEN. Albertsons is OPEN until 4 p.m. on Christmas. Sheetz is open 24 hours per day. According to TIME, here are more stores that are open Christmas Day: Applebee’s: Most locations will be open until 8 p.m. on Christmas Eve. Buca di Beppo: Most locations open 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Denny’s: Denny’s will stay open 24 hours on Christmas Eve. Domino’s: The pizza chain will stay open until 8 p.m. McDonald’s: Hours will depend on location, though many restaurants plan to stay open 24 hours. Papa John’s: If you’re craving a slice, Papa John’s will be open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Ruby Tuesday: Most Ruby Tuesday locations will close at 9 p.m. on Christmas Eve. Starbucks: Powering through the last of your holiday shopping? Starbucks has your java fix covered, with most locations open from 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. Texas Roadhouse: Most locations of this steakhouse chain will be open from 11 a.m. to 9 p.m. on Christmas Eve. For Christmas Eve: For Walmart, the store closes at 6 p.m.—two hours earlier than usual. Target is open from 7 a.m. and closes at 10 p.m. Whole Foods is open 8 a.m. and closes at 6:30 p.m. Kmart is open on Christmas Eve until 10:00 p.m. Sears is open from 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Albertsons is open until 9 p.m. Toys R Us will be open until 9:00 p.m. Best Buy will be open from 9:00 a.m. until 6 p.m. Bed, Bath & Beyond stores will be open 8:00 a.m. until 6 p.m. Old Navy will be open from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. Trader Joe’s is open at 8 a.m. and closes at 6 p.m. Best Buy closes at 6 p.m. Aldi’s is open 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Dollar General is open from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. Kroger closes at 6 p.m. Publix is open at regular hours, and closes at at 7 p.m. Some Starbucks and Dunkin’ Donuts chains are open on Christmas Day. According to the New York Times, “Christine Wilcox, a spokeswoman for Safeway and Albertsons, said anyone interested in stopping by to pick up some last minute groceries should call their local store first.” Bulk store chains Costco and BJ’s will both be closed on Christmas. Costco will close at 5 p.m. on Christmas Eve, while BJ’s will close at 6 p.m. Essentially all banks are closed, as it’s a Saturday. Drug stores like Walgreens, Rite Aide, Duane Reade, and CVS are all open on Christmas Eve. Some are open 24 hours on Christmas Day. 7-Eleven and various gas stations are also open. Schools, the DMV, and the library are closed Saturday. But the post office is open on Saturday, but check local listings for hours before heading out. Editor’s Picks Top Chinese Leadership to Reshuffle in 2017 The Internet’s Growing Environmental Footprint ‘Fake News’ Crackdown Spreads Around the World Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsAvalanche kills Montana skier in Glacier National ParkHunter Found After Digging Into Snow to Survive BlizzardWoman Drives Into River to Avoid Cops, Boozes as Car FloatsMichigan Governor Makes Disaster Declaration Due to Sinkhole Latest in US Crime and Incidents Couple Found Dead With Sign on Door Warning Not to Go Inside US News Avalanche kills Montana skier in Glacier National Park US News Hunter Found After Digging Into Snow to Survive Blizzard US News Woman Drives Into River to Avoid Cops, Boozes as Car Floats US News Michigan Governor Makes Disaster Declaration Due to Sinkhole US News Brother: Suspect in Fla. Airport Shooting Treated for Mental Health Politics After Intel Brief, Trump Says Hack Had No Impact on Election Crime and Incidents Divers in Lake Erie Find Cockpit Recorder of Missing Plane Crime and Incidents 5 Dead, 8 Wounded in Shooting at Florida Airport, Suspect in Custody × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 5° Munster, IN (46321) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low 2F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 6, 2017 @ 7:35 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking SeaWorld: Tilikum, orca that killed trainer from Region, has died Close Jeff Chiu FILE - In this Nov. 25, 2016, file photo, Maddy, left, and her friend Maggie, sit with their shopping bags at Union Square in San Francisco. The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent. The shift is in part because people are spreading out their shopping all year, demanding big discounts and spending more on events rather than more stuff. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) AP The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer Dec 24, 2016 Jeff Chiu FILE - In this Nov. 25, 2016, file photo, Maddy, left, and her friend Maggie, sit with their shopping bags at Union Square in San Francisco. The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent. The shift is in part because people are spreading out their shopping all year, demanding big discounts and spending more on events rather than more stuff. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) NEW YORK (AP) — The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it'll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early '80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-'90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. "There was a mindset even before online shopping," said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. "But this just accelerated it." In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. "I'm pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV," Terry Kreft, 38, said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called "Black Friday" and "Cyber Monday." "I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling," Kreft said. But a late rush isn't expected to make up the difference. "It's no longer a seasonal business," said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. "It's a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season — and all year long." Here's what's behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON'T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS: Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. "People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for," said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISOUNTING: With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won't break the habit. "The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items," said Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track. "Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales." One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren't booked as sales until they're redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 percent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 percent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy's have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 percent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 percent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 percent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. ___ Associated Press writer Bruce Shipkowski in Brick, New Jersey contributed to this report. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Tags Wire Business General News Holiday Shopping Online Shopping Personal Spending Personal Finance Financial Performance Corporate News Shopping Lifestyle Holidays Occasions Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Retail And Wholesale Sector Performance Economy Latest in section UPDATE: US report: Putin ordered effort to help Trump, hurt Clinton Family: Shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after tour in Iraq The Latest at CES: The challenges of robotic delivery The Latest: Official: Gunman said gov't controlled his mind Family: Shooting suspect 'lost his mind' after tour in Iraq Most Popular on nwi.com 2 in custody after Southlake Mall parking lot police chase Hotel clerk aids police in arrest of Hobart suspect UPDATED: Kohls theft subjects turned selves in after seeing photos on social media Hammond police arrest trio in shooting Traffic detours expected at Calumet, 45th Currents National News The least educated county in every state Football NFL Wild Card Weekend: Predicting each playoff game Parenting These groovy baby names rocked the 1960s Today's Birthdays, Jan. 6: Rowan Atkinson Today In History, Jan. 6: Nancy Kerrigan Today’s top pics: Annual Las Vegas tech show and more Your daily 6: A Facebook Live beating, a $630,000 fish P.J. Fleck leaving Western Michigan to coach Minnesota Cowboys' Jerry Jones unfazed by uncertain future of defense Mavs tipoff switch avoids conflict with Cowboys playoff game Big Homes Just Listed in Northwest Indiana Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Albert's Diamond Jewelers 711 Main St, Schererville, IN 46375 Ads Four Seasons Sunrooms 1361 East 86th Place, Merrillville, IN 46410 Ads NWI Generator 1131 Breuckman Dr., Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads Brad's Designs & Jewelry 146 N Main St, Crown Point, IN 46307 Products Ads Business Directory Latest Local Offers Brad's Designs & Jewelry Create a beautiful, one-of-a-kind piece for her for Valentine's Day! ~ Brad's Designs & Jewelry Updated Jan 5, 2017 Transitions Restoration Call Transitions Restoration at 219-359-4990 and take the first step towards the home makeover you have always wanted! Updated Jan 5, 2017 Mickey's Car Barn At Mickey's Car Barn we will make your corvette meet NCRS Performance Certification Standards, call us today! Updated Jan 5, 2017 Chesterton Toys Kid-powered entertainment ~ Only at Chesterton Toys! Updated Jan 5, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home News Local News Indiana News Crime Watch 8 I-Team 8 Traffic Photos Business Web Link 8 National Politics World Entertainment Strange Weather Forecast Weather Blog Future Cast Closings & Delays Severe Weather Flight Delays Current Conditions Radar Interactive Radar Alerts LWS Stream All Maps & Links Severe Weather Preparedness Sports Colts Pacers Indy Eleven Fever Olympics High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 NFL NBA College Football College Basketball IndyCar NASCAR MLB NHL Indy Style Segments Contests Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Bicentennial Bicentennial Minute Community Calendar Submit Event WISH Tree I Love to Read CW 8 Obituaries Gas Prices Lottery More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Jobs at WISH Watch Live 7° F Overcast Hi: 11° F Lo: 0° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Indiana News Crime Watch 8 I-Team 8 Traffic Photos Business Web Link 8 National Politics World Entertainment Strange Featured: Indianapolis 500 Latest Headlines SWAT called to robbery situation on northwest side Updated: 1 min ago SWAT is currently on scene attempting to locate the suspect. City-County councilor defends calling IMPD ‘lily-white’ 7:37 pm As the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department (IMPD) promoted a number of its own, one city-county council member called the ceremony, … Major cities across the U.S. see spike in homicides 6:30 pm Rash of vehicle break-ins in Franklin Twp neighborhood 6:22 pm Should they stay or should they go? Colts fans react to Pagano, Grigson reports 5:50 pm Weather Weather Forecast Weather Blog Future Cast Closings & Delays Severe Weather Flight Delays Current Conditions Radar Interactive Radar Alerts LWS Stream All Maps & Links Severe Weather Preparedness Current Conditions 7° F Overcast Feels Like: 7° F Wind: NNW 3 Humidity: 67% Dewpoint: -2° F Sunrise: 8:05 AM Sunset: 5:35 PM Indianapolis Weather 8-Day Forecast Indy Radar Temp Feels Like Sat-Rad Almanac Wind Speed Sponsored by: Sports Colts Pacers Indy Eleven Fever Olympics High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 NFL NBA College Football College Basketball IndyCar NASCAR MLB NHL Indy Style Segments Contests Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Bicentennial Bicentennial Minute Community Calendar Submit Event WISH Tree I Love to Read CW 8 Obituaries Gas Prices Lottery More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Jobs at WISH Watch Live Search for: Search the site 7° F Overcast Hi: 11° F Lo: 0° F Christmas with a Cop event helps more than 400 kids By Brittany Lewis Published: December 24, 2016, 1:59 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) LEBANON (WISH) — Nearly 500 Boone County kids started their Christmas Eve morning by shopping with law enforcement. The Boone County Fraternal Order of Police held their annual Christmas with a Cop event Saturday morning at the Walmart in Lebanon. They helped provide clothing and other winter essentials for 220 families for a total of 473 kids. “It provides a positive interaction for the children with law enforcement. Let’s be honest, some of them don’t get that all the time, so at least today, the mothers, fathers, aunts and uncles and caregivers, we all have positive interaction with each other,” President of Boone County Fraternal Order of Police Craig Fouts said. This is the 19th year the Boone County Fraternal Order of Police has held the event.   Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Email Print More Pinterest Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Firefighters, law enforcement take kids on annual Christmas shopping trips Colts, Lids Foundation partners with Amp Harris to provide more than 700 kids clothes and toys Family overwhelmed with gratitude after WISH Patrol stops by Hendricks County woman coordinates Christmas for eight families in need Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending Now Boone County News Christmas with a Cop event helps more than 400 kids December 24, 2016 They helped provide clothing and other winter essentials for 220 families for a total of 473 kids. 3 arrested following screwdriver attack December 23, 2016 The incident happened on Thursday in the 500 block of West Main Street in Thornton. Whitestown police officers surprise people with random acts of kindness December 22, 2016 The operation began when someone donated $2,500 to the police department. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WISH-TV © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Station About Us Contact Us Meet the Team Jobs at WISH TV Schedule Contests Advertise With Us Reception Trouble? Sections News Indianapolis Weather Forecast Traffic Sports Report It I-Team 8 Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File FCC Public File Help EEO Report Child Programming Media General Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/wcfpxke103o1mn/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Member Rewards log in Site Archive The Obama legacy: 2008 supporters say they're better off today Saturday Dec 24, 2016 at 1:00 PM By John T. Bennett of CQ-Roll Call (TNS) With the country in crisis and the electorate rallying behind a message of hope and change, an insurgent presidential campaign unleashed a 30-minute prime-time ad one week before the election. A dark-haired senator in a faux Oval Office told stories of Americans struggling in George W. Bush's America. There was a white mother of five in Kansas who joined the military to help pay her bills, a partially retired elderly African-African couple in Ohio and a Hispanic special education teacher who was a single mother in Arizona. Each talked about their financial struggles and concerns about the future. The pitch never mentioned the candidate's opponent or for that matter, the Republican Party. But it featured a stirring vow to reshape everyday Americans' relationship with their government. "I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face," Barack Obama said. "I will listen to you when we disagree. And, most importantly, I will open the doors of government and ask you to be involved in your own democracy again." Eight years later, in separate interviews, each of the featured individuals professed to being better off. They are, for the most part, complimentary of the 44th president's performance and policies. And each participant in the de facto infomercial believes congressional Republicans deserve blame for sinking many other worthy Obama proposals. When the ad aired on Oct. 29, 2008, the country was in the grip of the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression — a 19-month maelstrom that would spike unemployment, crush consumer confidence and prompt a spate of foreclosures and personal bankruptcies. Against that backdrop, Obama called the 2008 election a "defining moment" for the country because "much that's wrong in our country goes back even farther than that — we've been talking about the same problems for decades, and nothing is ever done to solve them." He cast his race with the GOP nominee, Sen. John McCain of Arizona, as "a chance for our leaders to meet the demands of these challenging times and keep faith with our people." Obama, at first to his peril, backed up the talk by making job creation a crucible with which to evaluate his presidency. In the face of stubbornly high unemployment, he enlisted the help of former President Bill Clinton and investment guru Warren Buffet, among others, to fight GOP criticism that his administration was slowing growth with burdensome regulations and tax policies. In the intervening years, the jobless rate has dropped to 4.6 percent, its lowest level since the summer of 2007. The economy has bounced back — though at a slower pace than the president's critics would like. The participants, all Obama supporters then and now, believe he hasn't received enough credit for his economic policies. And they paint a far more optimistic portrait of the country than one of a nation of left-behinds advanced by President-elect Donald Trump and many of Obama's congressional critics during the just-completed campaign. "I'm not worse off, no," replied Larry Stuart of Sardinia, Ohio, who at 77 still drives a forklift part time at a local Wal-Mart. "Things have been pretty good for me for the last eight years. I've still got a job, still working." In the years before Obama took office, Stuart and his wife Juanita were headed toward their retirement years, eager to, as the candidate-narrator put it, "reap the rewards from their working years." Their six children were grown. Their house was paid for. "But with her rheumatoid arthritis and other ailments, their medical bills have been rising," Obama explained. Financial worries gradually overtook the retirement excitement. Today, the Stuarts say a big reason they feel on firmer ground is the health care overhaul that Obama muscled through as his top priority and legacy issue. When Larry retired from his railroad job, Juanita lost her health coverage and couldn't buy a new policy because she had pre-existing conditions. Enter the 2010 health care law. "I benefited a lot," Juanita told Roll Call. "Some of the insurance companies would have raised my premiums so high because of some of my medical conditions. That's really what got me interested in Barack in the first place. I feel for people who don't have insurance," she said. "If you've never been in their shoes, you don't know what it's like. ... It was rough." Asked to compare their financial situation after two Obama terms, Juanita paused ever so briefly before replying, "I do think our lives have been better." And she thinks Obama could have accomplished more. "I'm really saddened by the way he was received, and how he was treated by the Republicans," she said. Larry chimes in: "The president had a lot of walls go up against him." That's a message the Obama White House is aggressively broadcasting on its way out. "We certainly would have appreciated greater cooperation with Republicans in Congress because there is more that we could have done to strengthen the economy and to improve our country, and even commonsense things like an investment in infrastructure, reform of our tax code, and immigration reform, all of which would have had significant positive economic benefits," White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters last month. "We could have done more." Rebecca Pheffer, 42, also reports she is better off and gives Obama some credit for that. But the Kansan also believes the health care law was flawed from the start. She is more inclined to give the president high marks for his comportment while in office: "President Obama and the first lady reflected grace not seen since the Kennedys. He handled himself in a way that is truly what the coined term 'to be presidential' means," Pheffer said. (Her last name was Johnston in the video; Pheffer has since divorced.) Pheffer has moved to a more rural community in Kansas. Looking for help paying the bills, she also joined the Army Reserves in 2009. Her comments suggest that, more than anything Obama enacted, those moves helped improve her economic situation. Moving "helped decrease living expenses and the community camaraderie is phenomenal. It has been a blessing for my children and I," she told Roll Call. And her now-concluded military stint "helped supplement my income, as well as decreased some health care costs during my contract." In the 2008 video, Pheffer spoke of how her family was struggling back then to make ends meet. Her then-husband, Bryan Johnston, needed knee surgery, adding to their "tight" money situation. He had a torn ACL and meniscus, but "they put off the operation, to take care of other things," candidate Obama said. Pheffer then described their bills as just "going up and up and up," saying she couldn't "remember a time when I didn't have to worry about this stuff." Obama launched into a lengthy description of policies he planned to enact to help people like Pheffer and her family. "This is where our snacks would go," Pheffer said at one point in the video, leading a camera to a half-empty refrigerator. She pointed to its shelves, describing them as more empty than she would prefer and laying out her method of making sure her kids make do until the next grocery run. "If they know that this is it for them for the whole week then they will make it last longer," she said, before providing a bleak assessment of getting by at the end of the George W. Bush administration: "I think everybody feels the same way that they'd like to see an end in sight to all the worry and the chaos of everyday living, trying to make ends meet." Unlike the Stuarts, Pheffer, who gets her coverage through work, has issues with the Obama's replumbing of the health system. "Health care costs have been and continue to be an obstacle I face. My employer-provided coverage has a family premium of $250 per month with a $6,000 deductible. This potentially would have me pay well over $700 a month for one year in out of pocket expenses," she said. "This is not feasible for my current budget." Prices on the health insurance marketplaces, or "exchanges," aren't an option, she said, noting that they "even exceed my employee coverage." To Pheffer, the fundamental construct of the law "is not a ridiculous plan." She faults the president and his aides for failing to anticipate that major health plans the law relies on to provide coverage would balk at the cost and walk away, leaving some state marketplaces down to a single provider. "Insurance companies were not getting the money they needed to get the prices down, so they had to get out of those states," she said, adding that Obama administration officials "put the cart before the horse." Pheffer also blames state governments for opting against expanding their Medicaid programs, "based on a political statement — not based on merit." Obama and his proxies are busy making the case that the health care law is working and that Trump should leave many of its provisions — or the entire law — in place. Earnest recently treated reporters to a lengthy description of a handful of "metrics" the administration is using to make its case for its health care framework, including subtracting 20 million Americans from the uninsured rolls. Senior administration officials have been quick to note that recent premium hikes have affected relatively few Americans, because the law continues to provide many with subsidies and is also driving down health care costs. Julianna Sanchez of Albuquerque, N.M., another video participant, still teaches children with special needs, and still has her second job taking care of a family member. She's added a third gig, running a small candle-making business out of a studio she built in her backyard. "It's a lot of work," she said with a laugh. "I do pretty much everything by myself." Overall, she sums up her financial situation after two Obama terms this way: "I'm afloat. If my kids need something, I can help. Do I have a huge bank account? No. Do I have a huge savings? No. I guess you could say I live kind of paycheck-to-paycheck." In the 2008 campaign video in which Obama described Sanchez's two-job struggle to provide for her family, Sanchez explained her daily predicament this way: "The pressure is just to keep your head above water so you don't feel like you are drowning all the time." From medical expenses to the price of food to gassing up her automobile, "it takes so much out of my paycheck," she said. To the candidate, Sanchez embodied a large swath of voters. "Every parent in America wants the same thing," Obama said in the video, "a good education for their child." Sanchez acknowledges the past eight years "were hard" as a single mother with two children with a mortgage, but later, she again stresses that she is "not at all worse off." One factor that has helped her financial situation is that her kids are now adults. In fact, her 26-year-old daughter is now off of her health insurance plan. Trump's election demonstrated that more than 60 million voters felt Obama's way wasn't helping them make ends meet. But Sanchez, still an Obama supporter and loyal Democrat, believes people heard Trump's bold promises and decided to chase a dream. "It's about learning to live how you can. Some people get so miserable because they don't have more money," she told Roll Call. "But how much do you need to make?" Sanchez said she is "disappointed" that Republicans in Congress, even before Obama was sworn in, vowed to block his agenda. "They just never gave him the opportunity to do what he needed to do. I didn't think this was some God-like man who was going to fix everything. No, not at all. But the elected people in Congress are supposed to work with him, like any president," Sanchez said. Instead, congressional Republicans blocked Obama from the start. He answered by largely refusing to play Washington's usual tit-for-tat between Capitol Hill and the White House. He and his team barely consulted with the GOP — and even had infrequent communications with friendly Democrats. When he did reach out or submit legislation, Republicans declared many of his agenda items dead on arrival. The result, once Republicans took control of the House in the 2010 midterm election, was gridlock. Voters didn't think Washington worked before, and they became increasingly disgusted with the Obama era's government shutdowns, threats for others, "fiscal cliff" teetering and general ill will. Trump detected this anger and portrayed himself as a one-man Washington fixer. More than 61 million Americans bought in despite the GOP candidate's harsh words for months about minority groups, immigrants, women and just about anyone who dared question his razor-thin policy prescriptions. His rhetoric about health care, mass deportations and a strict implementation of his "law-and-order" platform has led to fears of violence and a general unease — including for those profiled in the 2008 infomercial. The people interviewed for this piece, weeks after Trump's surprise win, are both confused and afraid. "During the Obama administration, there was an undeniable employment increase," Pheffer noted, before adding, "to which no credit seems to be given." To be sure, many of those who voted for Trump — a man with no government experience and the thinnest of policy prescriptions for helping people like the Stuarts, Sanchez and Pheffer — clearly were in no mood to give the country's first African-American president much credit at all. Pheffer said she realizes it might "seem (a) cliche to expect peace" under Trump, but added, "Something has got to change." Echoing the Stuarts and Sanchez, she describes herself as "never (feeling) as fearful as I am now for the safety of my law enforcement officer (boyfriend) and the future of my children." Obama ran on hope and change, but now, those who appeared in his video would settle for, as Pheffer put it, "a time where everyone can feel validated and secure."   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Customer Service Newspaper in Education Submit an Ad Internships Contact Us Market Place Shop Cars Homes Free Classifieds Ad Classifieds Community Info Community Served About us Historic Headlines Peoria History Forms Anniversaries Births Engagements Weddings 100th Birthday Jobs in Peoria Pets Place a Classified Ad Real Estate Rentals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Star ~ Peoria, IL 61643 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Phil Luciano Police/Fire/Courts Word on the Street Random Acts of Kindness Education State News Databases Election 2016 Sports Preps Columns Rivermen Peoria Chiefs Sports Forums Bradley Hoops Auto Racing Entertainment Books Dining Out More Puzzles Movies TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Shareables Opinion Our Editorials Forum Letters Other Columns Write a letter Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Celebrations Games Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Member Rewards Subscriber E-Edition Customer Service All Access Signup Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 02:09 GMT, Jan 07, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica Largest US police union demands Amazon remove ‘offensive’ Black Lives Matter shirt Published time: 24 Dec, 2016 19:13 Get short URL © amazon.com The Fraternal Order of Police (FOP), which is the largest police union in the US, has asked online retailer Amazon to pull Black Lives Matter shirts that it deemed “offensive” a day after Walmart acquiesced to its request. FOP president, Chuck Canterbury, appealed to Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos in an open letter, in which he asked the online retailer to “prohibit the use of the Amazon name and website for the retail” of shirts and sweatshirts with slogans “Bulletproof”, “Black Lives Matter” and “Hands Up, Don’t Shoot,” which Canterbury described as “offensive” and the spread of “urban myths.” Read more Green cash matters: Walmart criticized for selling Black Lives, Blue Lives Matter merch At the same time, he praised the company for “demonstrating the reality of the American dream” and its philanthropic work and expressed his hope that it shares “FOP’s goal of increasing the bonds of trust between the men and women of law enforcement and the communities they serve.” “I wanted to let you know that my members are very upset that you and Amazon are complicit in the sale of this offensive merchandise,” he added, warning that it could “damage your company’s good name amongst FOP members and other active and retired law enforcement officers.” He also expressed sadness over the fact that some “third party sellers are making money by exploiting racial divisions” in the US. However, Amazon has not yet issued any official statements on the matter while the shirts are still available for sale on its website. No statements from the Black Lives Matter movement have yet been issued. Speaking to the Guardian, Canterbury said that the issue is relevant because of the “amount of violence demonstrated at Black Lives Matter marches and the fact that eight police officers had been assassinated while protecting Black Lives Matter protests,” referring to an incident, in which five officers were killed by a gunman in Dallas, and an ambush in Baton Rouge that claimed the lives of three more officers. Although the gunmen in these incidents were not affiliated with the Black Lives Matter movement, their actions were apparently inspired by anti-police rhetoric. “It happened as a result of the rhetoric of different BLM groups,” he said. Read more Black Lives Matter activists, George Soros sued over slain Dallas cop At the same time, FOP's executive director, James Pasco, told CNN that "the bulletproof thing goes to the new assertiveness of some violence prone individuals to take action directly against police,” referring to the shirts with a relevant slogan and adding that the FOP members “find it offensive for that reason.” The FOP president sent the letter to Amazon just a day after Walmart, which was also selling similar shirts online, decided to pull the "bulletproof" merchandise from its sale and issued a statement, in which it said that had heard “concerns from customers.” Earlier, Walmart also provoked a wave of public indignation in social media by selling Black Lives Matter shirts on Walmart’s Marketplace, a digital store where third-party vendors can sell their goods through Walmart. Meanwhile, Glenn Morelli, the owner of Connecticut-based Old Glory Merchandise, which is the third-party vendor selling the controversial shirts both through Walmart and Amazon, told CNN that he had already decided to remove the merchandise from his site. “It wasn’t a big seller at all,” he said. “The Blue Lives Matter sells more than the Black Lives Matter or bulletproof shirts combined. We don’t like to offend anybody.” In the meantime, Canterbury said FOP members would continue to exert pressure on retailers to drop similar merchandise, “until Black Lives Matter makes statements that they do not approve of violence.” Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × On the Money On the Money Video Where to Watch How ‘Cyber everything’ is changing the way retailers cater to shoppers Erin Barry | @erincstefanski Saturday, 24 Dec 2016 | 1:59 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Reinventing retail    Friday, 23 Dec 2016 | 11:26 AM ET | 03:13 Whether it's the way you communicate, live, or shop, the Internet is changing the game. And in order for retailers to survive, they will need a new strategy to keep up with consumers' changing habits, experts predict. "It's really hard [for retailers] to make a living online, however, if you're going to compete you have to put your capital into online," retail consultant Jan Kniffen told CNBC's "On the Money" in an interview. "Every time you put a sale online, and out of the store, your [return on investment] goes down," he added. Many retailers are already in the midst of adopting to the new reality. Macy's recently announced it plans to close 100 stores and will invest money into its best locations, in addition to spending heavily on digital and mobile. Kniffen also noted that Walmart is slowing down their brick and mortar expansion, while building up its online offerings, such as its$3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com. Meanwhile, Nordstrom's will also be shifting more capital towards online retail. Taken together, the environment underscores the growing power of the Web. According to the National Retail Federation, this year's Black Friday sales were almost evenly split with 44 percent of consumers shopping online and 40 percent shopping in stores. Getty Images People carry retail shopping bags during Black Friday events on November 25, 2016 in New York City. Kniffen acknowledged overall sales were up 3 percent for the Black Friday weekend. However "100 percent of the growth in retail sales came from online - brick and mortar was flat." Forget "Cyber Monday," Kniffen said it was "cyber everything." December 17th "should have been the biggest selling day for brick and mortar, but remember, the weather was awful around the country…and I suspect that everybody went online," the analyst said. In the old days, Kniffen said the lost sales due to bad weather would be made up during the last week leading up to Christmas, but he doesn't think that will be the case this year. Instead, he believes people still shopped that Saturday, they just did so online. Getty Images In 2009, 2.9 percent of sales were online, but by the end of 2015 that number swelled to 11 percent. This year, Kniffen estimated, it will be 15 percent and by 2030 it will be as much as 50 percent. That may sound grim for beleaguered malls, yet Kniffen doesn't think the American shopping center is completely dead. "There are 250 great malls in America, their traffic's going to be up, their earnings are going to be up, their rents are going to be up," he said. "The bad news is there are 1,100 enclosed malls in America."In order to survive, Kniffen says the malls need to become less about shopping and more about experience. "They're going to have to redevelop and find something you can do as opposed to something you buy," he added. "So you go there because they are offering you a great movie theater, a great restaurant, a great bar, something, and then hopefully you'll buy some stuff while you're there," Kniffen said. On the Money airs on CNBC Saturdays at 5:30 am ET, or check listings for air times in local markets. Erin BarryProducer To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home Autos News Sports Business Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home Autos News Sports Business Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 712 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Michigan Stinger lures creator Terry Weber was inspiration to many Boyne Falls outdoorsman died Dec. 16 in an ice-fishing tragedy on Big Bear Lake north of Lewiston. Post to Facebook Michigan Stinger lures creator Terry Weber was inspiration to many Boyne Falls outdoorsman died Dec. 16 in an ice-fishing tragedy on Big Bear Lake north of Lewiston.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2hj7HS0 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Michigan Stinger lures creator Terry Weber was inspiration to many Lydia Lohrer, Special to the Detroit Free Press Published 3:06 p.m. ET Dec. 24, 2016 | Updated 3:18 p.m. ET Dec. 24, 2016 Boyne Falls outdoorsman died Dec. 16 in an ice-fishing tragedy on Big Bear Lake north of Lewiston Terry Weber with a pike he caught on one of his Michigan Stinger spoons. Weber died Dec. 16 after falling through ice on Big Bear Lake. (Photo: Courtesy of Rob Weber) The water pulled at Terry Weber from an early age and never really let him go. On Dec. 16, it took him one last time when he died in an ice-fishing tragedy on Big Bear Lake north of Lewiston. Weber was 69. He grew up in Cheboygan before moving to Boyne Falls. Like all legends, Weber’s story will carry on. It’s a tale about nutty dunkers and Michigan lures, fish tales, joy, family and raising a little hell. Inspiration, teacher, legend, leader: These words came up on Facebook analytics for Terry Weber. Invasive Asian carp less than 50 miles from Lake Michigan Wolf hunting in Michigan OK'd by Snyder — but it's still illegal Back in the 1980s, Weber couldn’t abide the notion of paying for a lure, and so he and a partner began to pound out Advance Tackle Michigan Stinger spoons. Photos of those days show him holding up fish in stringy cut-offs, sporting long sideburns and cool aviators. Like the Ozark Mountain Boys he listened to, Weber knew if he wanted to get to heaven he would have to raise a little hell, and he looked like he just might. After a couple years, the partner sold his half of the business out to Weber and his wife, Jean, for $500. Weber never imagined his products would be sold at Bass Pro, Cabela’s, Gander Mountain, Walmart, Jay’s, Frank’s Great Outdoors, D&R Sports, Field & Stream with orders from Sweden and Russia. This is before Bass Pro existed. Weber just tooled on in a tiny room of the family home. The first lures were drawings on brass that he cut by hand, in tiny room of the basement of home. He airbrushed a lot of them with white painted on the back and the fronts would be white, black, yellow or green. All the while he also worked at Consumers Energy. To achieve mastery and understand what worked, naturally Weber had to fish. His son Rob’s earliest memories of the early days blur together into a continuous stream of fishing weekends with siblings Mike, Bill and Toni. “Our alarm clock was a screaming reel,” Rob said. “We’d come flying out of the cabin when we heard it. My sister and I would be jammed into the bottom of a Cuddy cabin boat, fishing the Manitou Islands every weekend. Sometimes we’d get tossed around down there on the big water. Those were our memories of the early times.” The business grew, and the legend did, too. He invited what was hidden to emerge: the lure in the piece of metal, the fish in the water, the man in the boy. Jon Selbig met Weber when he was 12 years old, at the Grand Rapids fishing show. Selbig and his father lived in Muskegon and fished for salmon exclusively with Michigan Stingers. Selbig was amazed that a business owner like Weber would take time to ask him which lures were working for him. Weber gave Selbig’s family hats, T-shirts and plenty of conversation. “He said you represent the outdoors,” Selbig said, “you’re important, you’re the future.” By the time Selbig was 16, he was first-mating on a charter boat with Michigan Stinger pro-staffer Chip Klein of Hit Man Charters out of Grand Haven. Selbig reconnected with Weber, who continued to give consideration to Selbig’s youthful opinions. “If I didn’t like a lure or thought the blue lure would be better with some yellow on it, he would have it painted up and send it to me to test,” Selbig said. Weber’s confidence in Selbig as a young man inspired him. “I learned how important it was to be consistent, to follow through, to give the customer what they wanted,” he said. Selbig attended Michigan State with the intention of becoming a teacher. His freshman year, Weber offered him a new job, West Michigan sales representative. It was a lot of work. If lures didn’t sell, Weber allowed Selbig to replace them with the hottest lures out there. One year they tinkered with the paint and it began to come off. He replaced every faulty unit. “He taught me what it was to be a man, to take responsibility, and he did this with everyone he came in contact with,” Selbig said. Weber’s quest for knowledge fueled his conversations with anglers, improved his product and ultimately drove his relationship with DNR biologist Tim Cwalinski. “He called us up and just asked questions, endless questions,” Cwalinski said. “He wanted to understand what drove our management decisions. Why we would stock one fish in a lake and not another, things like that.” Weber also transitioned from a big water angler to small ponds. Bass, perch, walleye and crappie all began to captivate him. He took competition less seriously, and if he had bad day fishing, he would just eat a nutty dunker for luck. He sold the big boat, bought a small one and got a car to take to car shows with his wife. And until mid-December, he was still putting stickers on Michigan Stingers in the shop in a pole barn, producing 3,000 lures a day. His legacy will be in every salmon, trout, walleye and pike splashing to the surface on a Michigan Stinger. Every shore lunch from one of those catches and every bit of laughter shared will capture a bit of his spirit. It continues in his family, the memories, the spirit of stewardship and mentorship fostered. It was a well-lived life. Contact the author at lydiaoutdoors@gmail.com. 712 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE TOP VIDEOS Spartans to face Penn State in 'basketball mecca' 3:02 Instant reaction: Greg Davis era is over at Iowa 1:57 Lorenzo's locks: NFL wild-card weekend 1:46 Seniors Swing Away In Florida Softball League 1:35 Rockets edge Thunder despite big game by Westbrook 0:58 G.O.A.T - Who is the top boys basketball player of all time at St. Philip? 1:47 Temperance Bedford at Brighton basketball highlights 1:52 Cavs close to adding Hawks' Kyle Korver 1:00 Seniors Swing Away In Florida Softball League 1:35 Weight cutting diary Day 3: No issues, lots of bathroom breaks 0:59
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Freeport's top 5 photo galleries of 2016 Saturday Dec 24, 2016 at 2:01 PM Sarah Wolf Staff writer @sarahcrieswolf In this year's most popular photo galleries, area police officers shopped 'til they dropped, Forreston nabbed a big win over St. Teresa, stunning black dresses were donned for a good cause, Chicago Cubs fans celebrated the team's World Series win at Little Cubs Field and students at Freeport High School celebrated their first-place finish in The Journal-Standard's inaugural Freeport Fish Tank competition. Top 5 most-viewed photo galleries of 2016 1. Seen on Scene: Shop with a Cop: Officers from the Freeport and Lena police departments and the Stephenson County Sheriff's Department were paired with 24 children for the annual Shop with a Cop on Dec. 17 at Wal-Mart.​ 2. Forreston defeats St. Teresa for Class 1A title: Forreston had a 35-7 victory over St. Teresa on Nov. 25 during the IHSA Class 1A championship game at the University of Illinois' Memorial Stadium in Champaign. 3. Seen on Scene: Black Dress for a Cause: More than 200 women attended the Black Dress for a Cause fundraiser at the official opening of The Wagner House in Freeport. Money raised from a night of drinks and a fashion show was donated to the Freeport Area Church Cooperative.​ 4. Seen on Scene: Rally at Little Cubs Field: Nearly 400 children and adults celebrated the Chicago Cubs' World Series win at a rally Nov. 6 at Little Cubs Field in Freeport. 5. Freeport Fish Tank: The Journal-Standard held its inaugural Freeport Fish Tank event Oct. 26 to determine the winners of the "Shark Tank"-style competition that started in August. A team of students from Freeport High School took first place. Sarah Wolf: 815-987-1283; swolf@rrstar.com; @sarahcrieswolf Vote for top stories Head to tinyurl.com/TopStories2016 to vote for your favorite Journal-Standard stories of 2016. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Purchase Photos E-Edition Contact Us Gas Prices Submit News Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Market Place Classifieds Cars Rentals Coupons Community Info City of Freeport Stephenson County Carroll County Ogle County Jo Daviess County Sports iHigh IHSA HighSchoolSports.net Sign up for our Daily Deals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Standard ~ 50 West Douglas Street #900, Freeport, IL 61032 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Public Safety Government Education Nation & World State 815 Columns Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Gridiron (Prep Football) Preps College Professional UPICK'EM Auto Racing Entertainment Advice Life Celebrations Columnists TV Guide Calendar Opinion Our View Freeport Chuck Sweeny Guest Columns Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Rebuilding Neighborhoods Season of Giving Freeport Favorites Made in NW Illinois RRV Insider TV Book Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions ECONOMY The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power Published December 24, 2016 Associated Press Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print Shoppers careen through the main floor at Macy's department store in New York on November 28, the official start of the holiday shopping season. Retailers dub the day "Black Friday" in hope that sales will turn into the black ink of profits for the all-important retail season. - RTXH3SJ NEW YORK –  The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it'll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early '80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-'90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. "There was a mindset even before online shopping," said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. "But this just accelerated it." In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. "I'm pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV," Terry Kreft said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called "Black Friday" and "Cyber Monday." "I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling," Kreft said. But a late rush isn't expected to make up the difference. "It's no longer a seasonal business," said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. "It's a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season — and all year long." Here's what's behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON'T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS: Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. "People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for," said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISOUNTING: With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won't break the habit. "The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items," said Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track. "Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales." One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren't booked as sales until they're redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 percent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 percent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy's have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 percent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 percent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 percent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. ___ Associated Press writer Bruce Shipkowski in Brick, New Jersey contributed to this report. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Gingrich: Will Chuck Schumer become Senator 'No' and wipe out his party's future? 2 What no one wants to tell Sally Field, Keegan-Michael Key and all the other anti-Trump celebrities (but should) 3 Thanks to our mistakes with Iran, the North Korean threat to the US is at record levels 4 Steve Moore: My grade for Obama on his economic legacy? A gentleman's C 5 Wise men and wise women: "Hidden Figures" and Epiphany Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Employers Employers Products Post a Job My Account My Jobs My Clients Resume Bank My Candidates My Company My Templates Help Job Seekers Job Seekers My Account Job Search Manage Resumes Job Alerts Resources Help Sign-in or Create Account Sign-in or Create Account Sign-in or Create Account Employer Job Seeker Topics Corporate Responsibility Crisis Management Digital PR Internal Communication Measurement Media Relations Media Training Nonprofit PR PR Insiders Research Social Media Awards Events Webinars Store PR News Guidebook PR News Subscription Resources Subscribe Renew Subscriber Center The Skinny Twitter Directory Winners Circle Whitepapers PR News in the Classroom Editorial Calendar 2015 PR Industry Links Advertise with PR News Contact Us Looking to fill an open position? Post a Job PR News Online Job Search Keywords Select Location All States Other / Non-US Alabama Alaska Alberta Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Dist. Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland North Carolina North Dakota Northwest Terr. Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Pennsylvania Prince Ed. Is. Puerto Rico Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territory Submit Search Career Center Home Search Jobs Director of Marketing & Communications Leo Events Director of Marketing & Communications Apply Now Print Save Share Description LEO Events imagines, creates, and produces global corporate events, festivals, live experiences, logistics, destination management and anything that makes people - Follow the Roar- of applause, of the crowds and of the cheers.  We execute hundreds of events annually all over the world; among others, we produce the KAABOO Del Mar and events for brands like Walmart, ExxonMobil and Hilton Garden Inn.  Our business mix is 90% B2B and 10% Public Events and B2C activations.   Named to Eventmarketer’s Top 100 It List 2016, LEO is a tight-knit group of extraordinary individuals, and we're constantly on the lookout for exceptional people to join our team. Our corporate office is located in Memphis, Tennessee and we have additional offices in Nashville and Chattanooga, Tennessee.   Position Summary:  The Director of Marketing & Communication is responsible for managing the company’s internal and external communications developing a strong industry brand, increasing company awareness, and implementing an enviable corporate image by executing effective communication, public relations and social media programs. Working with LEO’s executive and creative teams, this position will coordinate projects and determine which should be completed internally and externally collaborating closely with the business development and production teams.  Moderate travel required. Essential functions: Essential functions are listed in order of importance. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following: Communications:  Copywriting and production of company publications and digital newsletters, company descriptions and business listings Management of company destination microsite including up-to-date content Internal collation of company’s response to RFPs to include copywriting, case studies and assets Management of all company collateral and sales brochures Approval of images Work with executive team on content and presentations (keynote, power point, videos) for all internal meetings Write blog articles and/or ghost write on topics relevant to the company or industry  Marketing:  Create a company brand that aligns with the organization’s vision statement, implementing that brand across all channels Develop a marketing communications plan including strategy, goals, budget and tactics Ensure all company campaigns are aimed at reaching appropriate targets Monitor company brand guidelines and key messages Evaluate opportunities for partnerships, sponsorships and advertising on an on-going basis Work with executive and business development teams on trade show sales efforts including booth design, collateral, messaging and giveaways Development and placement of company advertising efforts Maintain a keen understanding of industry trends affecting clients and make appropriate recommendations regarding a communications strategy surrounding them Maintenance of the company’s CRM for database marketing efforts and customer journey Management of LEO giveaways and gifts, annually  Public Relations  Effectively design, implement and execute the company’s PR plan, including crisis management Coordinate all public relations activities, including internal philanthropic initiatives Assist with developing content and presentations for executive speaking engagement requests Create content for press releases Track LEO Events name consistently Manage company award submissions and nominations including sourcing Oversight of Hemline Marketing retainer and projects monthly  Social Media:  Develop and implement company social media strategy to raise LEO’s profile Develop internal parameters for the company’s social media strategy Manage company social media sites, engaging in dialogue and monitoring customer issues (if any) Monitor trends and encourage adoption of social media tools Scour internet for news/articles to post 
								 Requirements  Education: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited four-year college or university in marketing, communications, journalism or a related field.  Experience: Minimum of 5 years of relevant marketing/advertising experience across divergent channels Ability to demonstrate knowledge of a broad range of communications activities – media, websites, publications, marketing, social media, events, etc. Proven and demonstrable experience of working with a wide range of media including developing media strategies and relations, editing and writing, web development including content, social media platforms (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube), and working with e-communications   Competencies:   Excellent communicator with ability to influence and persuade across all levels of the organization while exercising a high degree of tact and diplomacy Strong writing and communications skills Demonstrated creative and critical thinking skills Strong business analytics, relationship management, strategy development, project management and problem solving skills Technically savvy and advanced Professional and positive approach Self-motivated team player Strong computer skills including work with MAC and PC, Power Point, Publisher, Dropbox, and more Ability to travel at least 1x a month and work nights and weekends as requested Operate job costed positions onsite as requested Great team member:  willing to roll up your sleeves and itch in to help colleagues when needed 
								 Job Information Location: Memphis, Tennessee, 38103, United States Job ID: 32010061 Posted: December 24, 2016 Position Title: Director of Marketing & Communications Company Name: Leo Events Job Function: Event Marketing/Advertising Job Type: Full-Time Job sites powered by Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2017 Access Intelligence, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 9211 Corporate Blvd., 4th Floor Rockville, Maryland 20850 (860) 437-5700 {Error Message Title} × Insert additional messaging here.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special When Can You Retire? This Tells You Instantly. See More. Home | Street Talk Tags: holiday | shopping | sales | economy 4 Reasons Why Holiday Shopping Is Slowly Losing Its Magic (AP/Jeff Chiu) Saturday, 24 Dec 2016 02:29 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it'll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early '80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-'90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. "There was a mindset even before online shopping," said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. "But this just accelerated it." In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. "I'm pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV," Terry Kreft, 38, said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called "Black Friday" and "Cyber Monday." "I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling," Kreft said. But a late rush isn't expected to make up the difference. "It's no longer a seasonal business," said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. "It's a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season — and all year long." Here's what's behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON'T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS: Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. "People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for," said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISCOUNTING: With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won't break the habit. "The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items," said Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track. "Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales." One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren't booked as sales until they're redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 percent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 percent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy's have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 percent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 percent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 percent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said.   © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales.November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it'll keep dropping. holiday, shopping, sales, economy 817 Saturday, 24 Dec 2016 02:29 PM 2016-29-24 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented China Media Warn Trump of 'Big Sticks' If He Seeks Trade War Thursday, 05 Jan 2017 | 89 comments Trump does not want a trade war. He wants fair trade. What is wrong with... Millennials Think the Trump Economy Is Going to Implode Friday, 06 Jan 2017 | 69 comments Between the last 8 years and the indoctrination they got in collage, this... Wall Street Banks: Trump's Economy to Fall Far Short of Lofty Goals in 1st Year Monday, 02 Jan 2017 | 65 comments It's going to take him some time to clean up the messes of the last 16... Ford Cancels $1.6 Billion Mexico Plant After Trump Criticism Tuesday, 03 Jan 2017 | 29 comments Make Vicente Fox Cry Again!... Motley Fool: 7 Ways the GOP's Proposed Social Security Changes Could Impact Your Pocketbook Wednesday, 04 Jan 2017 | 27 comments If congress would put back all the money with interest they looted from... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Pacifica moves closer to demolishing crumbling apartment complex Man who was pinned between BART train and platform in SF dies Comic book author suspected of putting child porn on YouTube 20 homeowners at Millennium Tower sue developer and San Francisco News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: CA Clean Energy Laid-off energy worker's firm lets you 'live on digitally' Reynolds, Fisher laid to rest at Hollywood Hills cemetery US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Raiders head into Wild Card game without Penn, too Source: 49ers are Josh McDaniels’ preferred team At season’s halfway point, Sharks looking (mostly) good Zaza Pachulia credits native Georgia for All-Star voting surge Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs The Dow, Yahoo Finance, and Trump all miss their targets Boston turns into hotbed for shoe companies State Farm still overcharging some customers, state says Bill would slap steep fines on self-driving cars without permits A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘Monster’s’ beauty transcends its gloom The latest from Dear Abby Micky Awards: Expert panel of 1 picks the best in film Casting announced for ‘Hamilton’ national tour Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Best Bay bites under $50, according to Reddit Momo’s in Walnut Creek to open Feb. 13 New York Times review of Locol spurs reactions, conversations on Pizzeria en route for Noe Valley’s former Fattoush space Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Our favorite Instagram photos of the week - Jan. 6th These three tricks could help you finally follow through on your Our favorite Instagram photos of the week - Dec. 30, 2016 Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Travel Troubleshooter: Hotel rate wrong by $600 Rick Steves: Fierce castles in friendly North Wales Travel Troubleshooter: Expedia’s check is ‘in the mail’? Rick Steves: Solo trip doesn’t have to mean alone Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog An all-seasons ‘tiki room’ in the redwoods for $699K Newly built 4-bedroom shares Eureka Valley lot with cottage Stunning new construction, new listing in Ross hits the MLS at Redesign marries allure and function Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Sporty hatchback joins Honda Civic family 1998 Ford Mustang GT Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Keep these job search habits in 2017 Choose appropiate gifts for job seekers Hurry up and wait Stay motivated at work during the holidays Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/crime/article/Mother-arrested-after-dumping-newborn-baby-in-10817613.php Mother arrested after dumping newborn baby in store trash Updated 1:43 pm, Saturday, December 24, 2016 NEW ROADS, La. (AP) — A woman is in custody after authorities say she gave birth in a Walmart bathroom, then dumped the newborn in a trash can before leaving the store. WBRZ-TV reports (http://bit.ly/2i3vOCN ) New Roads police arrested 34-year-old Kyandrea Thomas at about noon Saturday after she checked into Lane Memorial Hospital in Zachary. She faces an attempted second-degree murder charge. Around 8 p.m. Friday, police and firefighters responded to reports of an unresponsive baby left in a store's bathroom. Firefighters performed CPR on the girl before rushing her to Pointe Coupee General Hospital. By 10:15 p.m., doctors said the infant was stable but critical. She's since been transported to Our Lady of The Lake Children's Hospital in Baton Rouge. Lt. Shael Stringer reminds desperate parents that under the state's safe haven law babies can be dropped off at hospitals, police or fire stations with no questions asked. Thomas was also arrested in 2009 on a negligent homicide charge after leaving a young child in a hot car. ___ Information from: WBRZ-TV, http://www.wbrz.com Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. STORM WATCH Brunt of epic storms due to hit late Saturday Brunt of epic storms due to hit late Saturday Yosemite Valley to close in advance of menacing storm Brrr!! Chilly temps in Bay Area as massive storm nears NorCal on pace for 'wettest water year on record' State bracing for floods, chaos as massive storm rolls in Major flooding across Napa could make travel nearly impossible Flash flood watch for Pacifica Check the latest radar and forecast How to prepare for winter storms in Bay Area THE LATEST Pacifica closer to demolishing apartment complex 20 homeowners at Millennium Tower sue developer, SF Comic book author suspected of putting child porn on YouTube Video, DNA help cops nab suspect in sex attack of BART rider Man who was pinned between BART car, platform dies Brazilian woman prayed to Lord of Rings figure for years Cable glitch investigated as cause of BART meltdown Inaccurate Muni arrival time predictions to persist US veteran arrested in Fla. airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded Ft. Lauderdale airport gunman had weapon in checked bag Security tightened at Boston's Logan airport after Fla. attack Video shows the remarkable snow piling up in the Sierra Up to 7 feet of snow hits parts of the Sierra with more to come Twitterverse responds to BART delay with hilarity and rage BART systemwide meltdown after train gets stuck in West Oakland Trump trolls Schwarzenegger over 'Celebrity Apprentice' ratings Trump on border wall: Mexico will pay us back TODAY'S TOP PICKS Chris Brown to box Soulja Boy over social media feud Disney unveils every movie it will release in next 3 years SeaWorld: Tilikum, orca that killed trainer, has died SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored $15 EACH: Jazz up your Mac with these designer keyboard covers $190 OFF: This focus-enhancing music service will help you do... Most Popular 1 US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded 2 Up to 5 attackers beat 61-year-old man to death in San Francisco 3 That cold you have might actually be the worst Bay Area flu... 4 Brunt of major storms due to hit late Saturday 5 Just how cold was it in the Bay Area last night? 6 Twitterverse responds to BART delay with hilarity and rage 7 Source: 49ers are Josh McDaniels’ preferred team 8 Mom kicked out of first class over crying baby 9 State braces for floods, mudslides, chaos as giant storm rolls in 10 Folsom Lake rises 5 feet in 24 hours THE LATEST Pacifica closer to demolishing apartment complex 20 homeowners at Millennium Tower sue developer, SF Comic book author suspected of putting child porn on YouTube Video, DNA help cops nab suspect in sex attack of BART rider Man who was pinned between BART car, platform dies Brazilian woman prayed to Lord of Rings figure for years Cable glitch investigated as cause of BART meltdown Inaccurate Muni arrival time predictions to persist THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Forecast On-Air Links News Tip Categories News Alert: Ft. Lauderdale shooting suspect lived in Anchorage - Read More Temperature Precipitation NEWS All Stories Anchorage Southcentral Alaska News Statewide Alaska Statewide News Marijuana News Alaska Marijuana News Arctic Arctic News Aviation Aviation News Crime Alaska Crime News Energy Energy News WEATHER Weather Maps Weather News Weather-related News Stories Weather Links Additional Weather Resources DAYBREAK All Stories Teacher of the Week View past winners Nominate a Teacher Workforce Wednesday Mic Check in the Morning See Past Musical Guests Travel Tuesday Adopt-a-Pet Medical Breakthroughs FRONTIERS Full Episodes Full episodes of past Frontiers shows Web Extras Photos About ON-AIR All Stories LIVESTREAM Watch live and past KTVA newscasts On-Air Schedule See what’s coming up on KTVA Reality Check w/ John Tracy Thursdays @ 6pm / 10pm Problem Solvers Teacher of the Week Nominate your favorite teacher The Hungry Chum Exploring Alaska one meal at a time Living Alaska Experience the Last Frontier through the outdoors SPORTS All Stories Local High School, college & Alaska Aces news National Sports headlines from around the country University of Alaska Iditarod Stories from the Last Great Race Mt. Marathon Race Live coverage on July 4th POLITICS Anchorage/MatSu Politics Anchorage / Mat-Su Political Stories Alaska Politics Juneau / Statewide Political Stories U.S. Politics National Political Stories ABOUT Contact Us Contact information for KTVA Meet The Team The people behind the broadcast Station Profile Privacy Policy and License info Advertise on KTVA Employment Job openings at KTVA CONTESTS KTVA Contests & Promotions NEWS All Stories Anchorage Statewide Marijuana News Arctic Aviation Crime Energy WEATHER Weather Maps Weather News Weather Links DAYBREAK All Stories Teacher of the Week Nominate a Teacher Workforce Wednesday Mic Check in the Morning Travel Tuesday Adopt-a-Pet Medical Breakthroughs FRONTIERS Full Episodes Web Extras Photos About ON-AIR All Stories LIVESTREAM On-Air Schedule Reality Check w/ John Tracy Problem Solvers Teacher of the Week The Hungry Chum Living Alaska SPORTS All Stories Local National University of Alaska Iditarod Mt. Marathon Race POLITICS Anchorage/MatSu Politics Alaska Politics U.S. Politics ABOUT Contact Us Meet The Team Station Profile Advertise on KTVA Employment CONTESTS Top 5 Stories US/World | Jan 06, 9:38 Latest: APD confirms Ft. Lauderdale shooter is Anchorage resident Latest: APD confirms Ft. Lauderdale shooter is Anchorage resident Anchorage/Mat-Su | Jan 05, 11:41 UPDATE: Anchorage man reported missing located UPDATE: Anchorage man reported missing located Weather News | Jan 05, 11:47 High winds in the forecast for southcentral, southeast Alaska High winds in the forecast for southcentral, southeast Alaska US/World | Jan 04, 22:27 Charleston church shooter to jurors: 'Nothing wrong with me psychologically' Charleston church shooter to jurors: 'Nothing wrong with me psychologically' Anchorage/Mat-Su | Jan 04, 20:57 Put it to a vote? Group seeks changes to Anchorage anti-discrimination law. Put it to a vote? Group seeks changes to Anchorage anti-discrimination law. Estimated read time 34s Missing: Anchorage police seek whereabouts of man last seen at Dimond Wal-Mart By KTVA 11 News 12:54 PM December 24, 2016 ANCHORAGE – Gerald Joseph Courtesy Anchorage Police Department The Anchorage Police Department is asking for the public’s help in locating a missing man described as a vulnerable adult. Police say 50-year-old Gerald Joseph was last seen during a shopping trip at the Dimond Boulevard Wal-Mart on Old Seward Highway around 6 p.m. on Friday. He was last seen wearing a green zip-up hooded jacket and jeans. “Joseph has difficulty walking and a severe speech impediment rendering him unable to communicate verbally,” police wrote in a statement. Joseph is a Native male, police said. He is 5 feet 4 inches tall and has balding black hair and brown eyes. Anyone with information on Joseph’s whereabouts is asked to call APD at 907-786-8900. Latest Stories News Remote Alaska volcano erupts again in brief explosion by Associated Press on Jan 06, 14:54 An active Alaska volcano has erupted again, this time sending a cloud of ash and ice 35,000 feet in the air. The Alaska Volcano Observatory said the explosion from the Bogoslof Volcano in the Aleutian Islands occurred Thursday and lasted about five minutes. Observatory geophysicist Dave Schneider says there have been more than 10 eruptions […] DayBreak Mic Check in the Morning: Caroline Cotter by Daybreak Staff on Jan 06, 14:05 Singer-songwriter Caroline Cotter uses her world travels as inspiration for her folk songs. Cotter was joined by Michael Howard and performed for a Mic Check in the Morning. The duo will be playing a show at Taproot on Jan. 12 at 7 p.m. Two years ago, Cotter quit her day job after releasing her first […] News The behavior making work even more stressful by Anna Robaton / Moneywatch on Jan 06, 13:27 Feel as if you’ve been snubbed or dissed by a boss or co-worker lately? It’s probably not your imagination. Workplace rudeness is rampant — and on the rise, according to Christine Porath, an associate professor of management at Georgetown University’s McDonough School of Business. Over the past 18 years, Porath has polled tens of thousands […] News Wasilla remembers 100 years, works to preserve history by Shannon Ballard on Jan 06, 12:00 Wasilla turns 100 years old this year. The Southcentral community of more than 8,000 people has come a long way from its days of dirt roads and a single general store. Wasilla Mayor Bert Cottle has deep roots in the city, which sits in the middle of the Matanuska and Susitna Valleys. “That’s where we used […] News Latest: APD confirms Ft. Lauderdale shooter is Anchorage resident by KTVA / AP on Jan 06, 9:38 FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. – The Latest on the shooting at the Fort Lauderdale airport (all times local): Last updated at 4:30 p.m. Alaska Standard Time on Friday, Jan. 6 Authorities say five people were killed and eight were wounded after a lone suspect opened fire at the Fort Lauderdale, Florida, international airport. A spokesperson with […] News Study documents tree species’ decline due to climate warming by Dan Joling / AP on Jan 06, 9:10 A study documenting mortality of yellow cedar trees in Alaska and British Columbia concludes the future is gloomy for the species valued for its commercial and cultural uses. The study recorded death due to root freeze on 7 percent of the tree’s range. Researchers say additional mortality is likely over the next 50 years as […] News Residents warned after 2 home invasions in Fairbanks by Associated Press on Jan 06, 8:55 Alaska State Troopers are warning Fairbanks residents to lock their doors after two home invasions west of the city. Troopers shortly before 5 a.m. Thursday received a report of theft inside a home on York Avenue. The thief entered through an unlocked door while the residents were sleeping and stole cash. The suspect walked past […] News Bond proposal would pay for improvements at U-Med park by Lauren Maxwell on Jan 05, 21:06 People who live near a neighborhood park in the U-Med district are hoping the city can help make it a safer place. Folker Park, on East 42nd Street, was created in the mid-1990s, but resident Barbara Garner, who was instrumental in getting the park started, said things have changed a lot since then. “We didn’t […]
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic 2016 Holiday Season Holiday Funtacular Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 19° F Overcast Hi: 23° F Lo: 13° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings 12 Weather Alerts 2 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic 2016 Holiday Season Holiday Funtacular Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Featured: Sevier County wildfires Latest Headlines Family: Shooting suspect ‘lost his mind’ after tour in Iraq Updated: 51 mins ago Esteban Santiago, 26, deployed in 2010 as part of the Puerto Rico National Guard, spending a year with an engineering battalion. Mother accused of stabbing, mutilating 5-year-old daughter Updated: 60 mins ago The mother, 24-year-old Krystle Villanueva, has been charged with capital murder for the death of Giovanna Hernandez. Metro school bus involved in pileup on Pettus Road 5:50 pm VIDEO: Murfreesboro runners go for jog despite snow 5:46 pm VIDEO: News 2 viewers share snow photos 5:39 pm Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 19° F Overcast Feels Like: 7° F Wind: N 12 Humidity: 57% Dewpoint: 6° F Sunrise: 6:58 AM Sunset: 4:46 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Latest Headlines Titans defense finishes 2nd against the run January 5, 2017 The Titans finished the season the second ranked rush defense in the league, giving up only 88.3 yards per game. Predators rout Lightning 6-1 January 5, 2017 It’s the the Predators’ fourth straight road win that has seen them outscore opponents 17-3 in that stretch. Jon Robinson promoted to Executive Vice President/General Manager for Titans January 5, 2017 Marcus Mariota named Polynesian Pro Football Player of ’16 January 5, 2017 Austin Peay coach takes leave of absence to continue cancer treatment January 5, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 19° F Overcast Hi: 23° F Lo: 13° F The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power The Associated Press Published: December 24, 2016, 3:59 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Photo: WKRN NEW YORK (AP) — The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year’s sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it’ll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early ’80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-’90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. “There was a mindset even before online shopping,” said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. “But this just accelerated it.” In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. “I’m pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV,” Terry Kreft, 38, said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called “Black Friday” and “Cyber Monday.” “I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling,” Kreft said. But a late rush isn’t expected to make up the difference. “It’s no longer a seasonal business,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. “It’s a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season — and all year long.” Here’s what’s behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON’T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS: Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. “People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for,” said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISCOUNTING: With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won’t break the habit. “The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items,” said Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track. “Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales.” One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren’t booked as sales until they’re redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 percent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 percent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy’s have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 percent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 percent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 percent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts With early deals, how much will Cyber Monday buyers spend? Survey: Most Americans plan to skip Thanksgiving Day sales Even with holiday creep, Black Friday is a big shopping day Shoppers hunt for deals, hit the shops for entertainment Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Young Broadcasting of Nashville LLC A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Media General Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Consumer December 24, 2016 5:14 pm Holiday sales drop as consumers move toward year-round shopping By Anne D'Innocenzio The Associated Press ; Shoppers hit the malls in final full weekend before Christmas. Sean Lerat-Stetner/ Global News What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year’s sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it’ll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. Story continues below READ MORE: Canadians plan to spend less on holiday shopping this year: poll The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early ’80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-’90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. “There was a mindset even before online shopping,” said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. “But this just accelerated it.” In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. READ MORE: Annual Holiday Shopping Bus Tour encourages local shopping This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, New Jersey on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. “I’m pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV,” Terry Kreft, 38, said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called “Black Friday” and “Cyber Monday.” “I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling,” Kreft said. READ MORE: Weekend market brings conscious approach to holiday shopping But a late rush isn’t expected to make up the difference. “It’s no longer a seasonal business,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. “It’s a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season – and all year long.” Here’s what’s behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON’T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. “People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for,” said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. READ MORE: Boxing Day is still Canada’s favorite holiday shopping day Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISCOUNTING With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won’t break the habit. “The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items,” said Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track. “Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales.” READ MORE: 6 common shopping mistakes to avoid on Boxing Day One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren’t booked as sales until they’re redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 percent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 percent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES Major department stores like Macy’s have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 percent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 percent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 percent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. © 2016 The Canadian Press Report an error Christmas Shopping Holiday Shopping Holiday shopping sales holiday shopping season Editor's Picks Health Here’s how quickly the world became obese in one eye-popping map Canada Canadian man killed while fighting ISIS in Syria Canada Why Donald Trump could be the Canadian marijuana industry's secret weapon Canada Gas prices are rising: Here's how it will make living in Canada more expensive Canada Fake news this week: The Queen isn't dead, and Donald Trump didn't threaten war with Mexico Canada Majority of Canadians say ties to monarchy should be cut when Queen dies: poll Crime Don't legalize pot before figuring out how to deal with stoned drivers: poll FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now WATCH: Squirrels stealing chocolate bars from east-end Toronto store 90188 5 dead, 8 injured in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting in Florida 76545 Sisters kicked off plane, miss saying goodbye to dying father 64175 Toronto house sells for more than $1M over asking amid record year for home sales 43458 CIA identifies Russian officials who fed DNC emails to WikiLeaks 31901 Sponsored content Popular Videos Man climbs Colorado ski lift to rescue unconscious friend dangling by neck WATCH NOW Video shows Fort Lauderdale authorities rush airport parking garage WATCH NOW Local animal shelter’s humorous ad goes viral WATCH NOW Police unsure if Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting was targeted WATCH NOW Emotional witness recounts horror of gunman opening fire at Ft. Lauderdale airport WATCH NOW Popular Now WATCH: Squirrels stealing chocolate bars from east-end Toronto store 90188 5 dead, 8 injured in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting in Florida 76545 Sisters kicked off plane, miss saying goodbye to dying father 64175 Toronto house sells for more than $1M over asking amid record year for home sales 43458 CIA identifies Russian officials who fed DNC emails to WikiLeaks 31901 Sponsored content Popular Videos Man climbs Colorado ski lift to rescue unconscious friend dangling by neck WATCH NOW Video shows Fort Lauderdale authorities rush airport parking garage WATCH NOW Local animal shelter’s humorous ad goes viral WATCH NOW Police unsure if Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting was targeted WATCH NOW Emotional witness recounts horror of gunman opening fire at Ft. Lauderdale airport WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Last minute shopping - WCAX.COM Local Vermont News, Weather and Sports- Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH Mitten Tree 2016 WCAX Investigates The :30 Super Seniors Recipes & Food Buy Vermont First Contact Us TV Listings Made in Vermont HealthWatch 3-Minute Wrap You Can Quote Me State and National News News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team Ski and Board Report WCAX Weather Hourly-Forecast Weather Features Frequently Asked Weather Questions Astronomy WCAX Weather Team Friday Football Frenzy WCAX Hole-in-One Club WCAX Sports Team Meet the Monsters Parking Lot Everything Animals Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Last minute shopping Posted: Saturday, December 24, 2016 5:09 PM EST Updated: Monday, December 26, 2016 5:09 PM EST By Taylor Young BioEmail Connect Biography young@wcax.com RUTLAND, Vt. - Last minutes shoppers are out in force this Christmas Eve stocking up for their big feast or looking for one more gift. Shoppers in Rutland's Walmart parking lot were seen circling the lot multiple times looking for a parking spot. Inside, shoppers we spoke with said it was just as busy. But at least one shopper told us the checkout lines were moving. "It's crazy, it's packed but they got a good system. They have two cashiers at each register. One bags and one scans so it wasn't too much of a wait," said Tianna Briggs. “It is absolutely wild. If you're shopping, don't shop at Walmart. Literally, it's crazy in there," said Kenny Lewis. Rutland's Walmart closed at 6 p.m. – which – like many stores throughout the region – is earlier than usual. Local NewsMore>> UVM athletes safe after Fla. airport shooting UVM athletes safe after Fla. airport shooting Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:11 PM EST2017-01-07 00:11:16 GMT Panic at a Florida airport hit close to home as we learned UVM athletes had to run for safety. Five people were killed, 13 more wounded in the shooting in Fort Lauderdale.  Panic at a Florida airport hit close to home as we learned UVM athletes had to run for safety. Five people were killed, 13 more wounded in the shooting in Fort Lauderdale.  Police investigating suspicious package in Burlington Police investigating suspicious package in Burlington Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:57 PM EST2017-01-06 23:57:25 GMT A suspicious package shut down busy streets in Burlington Friday and prompted the evacuation of the federal building on Elmwood Avenue.  A suspicious package shut down busy streets in Burlington Friday and prompted the evacuation of the federal building on Elmwood Avenue.  Bomb threat closes Champlain border crossing Bomb threat closes Champlain border crossing Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:55 PM EST2017-01-06 23:55:27 GMT One of the busiest border crossings in the country was closed down Friday morning due to a bomb threat.  One of the busiest border crossings in the country was closed down Friday morning due to a bomb threat.  Circus operator agrees to plea deal in deadly NH tent collapse Circus operator agrees to plea deal in deadly NH tent collapse Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 10:28 AM EST2017-01-06 15:28:41 GMT Court records show a Florida-based circus operator has agreed to a plea deal following a tent collapse that killed two people and injured dozens in New Hampshire in 2015. Court records show a Florida-based circus operator has agreed to a plea deal following a tent collapse that killed two people and injured dozens in New Hampshire in 2015. NY man faces sex trafficking charges in Mass. NY man faces sex trafficking charges in Mass. Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 10:51 AM EST2017-01-06 15:51:19 GMT A New York man charged with holding women at a Massachusetts hotel and forcing them into prostitution has been held on bail. Charles Robinson was arrested after one of the women escaped and fled to Vermont, where she contacted police. A New York man charged with holding women at a Massachusetts hotel and forcing them into prostitution has been held on bail. Charles Robinson was arrested after one of the women escaped and fled to Vermont, where she contacted police. Police: Wrong-way driver on I-89 was drunk Police: Wrong-way driver on I-89 was drunk Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 11:34 AM EST2017-01-06 16:34:14 GMT A Fairfield woman is behind bars after driving the wrong way down Interstate 89, nearly crashing into three other cars.  A Fairfield woman is behind bars after driving the wrong way down Interstate 89, nearly crashing into three other cars.  More than 33K ticketed in NY for drinking and driving More than 33K ticketed in NY for drinking and driving Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 9:47 AM EST2017-01-06 14:47:34 GMT The numbers are in and it looks like thousands of people in New York were pulled over for being drunk at the wheel.  The numbers are in and it looks like thousands of people in New York were pulled over for being drunk at the wheel.  Police reveal cause of death in Arlington homicide case Police reveal cause of death in Arlington homicide case Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 9:08 PM EST2017-01-07 02:08:27 GMT An elderly mother was killed in her own home and a killer is still on the loose. WCAX has been following the mysterious death of 81-year-old Helen Jones since Thursday.  An elderly mother was killed in her own home and a killer is still on the loose. WCAX has been following the mysterious death of 81-year-old Helen Jones since Thursday.  News Local News Business HealthWatch RSS Feeds The :30 You Can Quote Me News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team Sports News WCAX Sports Team Weather Weather Features WCAX Weather Team School Closings Skywatch WCAX Weather App Featured Videos Recipes Made In Vermont Super Seniors Vermont Real Estate Community Meet The Monsters Quick Links Info Center School Closings Video Requests RSS Feeds jumponit Facebook WCAX iPhone App WCAX Stream jumponit iPhone App Contact Us Jobs Across The Fence FCC Public Folder WCAX-TV PO Box 4508 Burlington, VT 05406-4508 Primary Phone: 802-652-6300 Primary email: channel3@wcax.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WCAX. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sections Home Local News Sports Bills Sabres Colleges High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Bandits Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Soccer Outdoors Bills Sabres Sabres 2016-17 season Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Submit Obituary Last 24 Hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History [BN] Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Local News Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Health and Fitness Lifestyles Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout Wallet thief makes quick use of Niagara Falls woman's credit card By Maki Becker Published Sat, Dec 24, 2016 Updated Sat, Dec 24, 2016 SHARE TWEET EMAIL NIAGARA FALLS – A LaSalle woman whose wallet was stolen from her purse as she shopped Friday at the Super Walmart on Military Road discovered a credit card was used to ring up nearly $800 in fraudulent purchases. Police said the theft occurred about 11 a.m. and, when the victim went to her bank to cancel the card, it already had been used to make purchases at the nearby Fashion Outlets Mall – one for almost $300 at the Timberland store and another for nearly $500 at the Sunglass Hut. Bank officials told the victim another purchase attempt at a Kay Jewelers store had been denied by the bank. Police are examining video surveillance from the stores. Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars [BN] Ads Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2016 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Christmas 2016 hours: What's open, closed and hours for Wal-Mart, Target, grocery stores Print Email Paul Milo | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Paul Milo | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author on December 24, 2016 at 6:00 PM, updated December 24, 2016 at 6:12 PM comments Sunday, Dec. 25 is Christmas Day 2016, but the federal holiday will be observed on Monday, Dec. 26. This year's calendar means a lot of changes from Christmas 2016 hours and what's open and closed on Christmas Day, as well as Monday, the 26th.  Walmart will close at 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve, two hours earlier than normal. The store is closed on Christmas Day but will reopen Dec. 26. Check your local store for exact hours.  Here are additional hours for other retailers. Shoppers should also verify hours with their local stores:   Best Buy Saturday, Dec. 24 (Christmas Eve) - 7 a.m.- 6 p.m. Closed Christmas Monday, Dec. 26 - 9 a.m.- 9 p.m. Kohl's Saturday, Dec. 24 (Christmas Eve) - Stores close at 6 p.m. Closed Christmas Target Saturday, Dec. 24 (Christmas Eve) - 7 a.m.-10 p.m. Closed Christmas Monday, Dec. 26 - 7 a.m.-11 p.m. Toys R Us Saturday, Dec. 24 (Christmas Eve) - Stores close at 9 p.m. Closed Christmas Other retailers' holiday hours can be found here.  Is Starbucks open on Christmas? Some locations will be, others will not. Again, check with your local store to make sure.  Local, state and federal government offices will be closed and no mail will be delivered that Monday. Package carriers UPS and FedEx will both be closed Monday as well. Most banks will be closed Dec. 25 and 26, although a few, including many TD Bank branches, will be open on the 26th. The New York Stock Exchange will be closed on Dec. 26. NJ Transit buses will operate on a modified schedule Dec. 25 and 26. Rail customers should consult the agency's trip planner for any journeys planned for the three-day weekend. The PATH train will keep a Sunday schedule Dec. 25 and a Saturday schedule on Monday, Dec. 26. Many major shopping outlets will be open Dec. 26, including the Willowbrook Mall in Wayne, The Mall at Short Hills, The Mills at Jersey Gardens in Elizabeth, Westfield Garden State Plaza in Paramus, the Bridgewater Commons Mall in Bridgewater, Woodbridge Center, the Monmouth Mall in Eatontown and the Deptford Mall. Although Dec. 26 will be a holiday for many here in the U.S. because Christmas falls on a weekend this year, the day following the celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ is always an official holiday in the United Kingdom and Ireland. Known as Boxing Day, the observance started out as a respite for servants to visit family and also to receive gifts from their employers -- which came in Christmas boxes. Paul Milo may be reached at pmilo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter@PaulMilo2. Find NJ.com on Facebook.     Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. Flu slams parts of New Jersey 7 N.J. hospitals cited as tops in the nation for safe, quality care Why STDs are up in N.J., a ranking of all 21 counties MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics Elections 2016 The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Rentals Place an ad Crime & Courts December 24, 2016 6:19 PM Garners Ferry Road Walmart scene of Christmas Eve gunfire Scene of Christmas Eve gunfire at the Walmart at 7520 Garners Ferry Road . Police are on scene investigating. Photo provided by the Columbia Police Department i Rachael Myers Lowe rlowe@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story COLUMBIA, SC A Christmas Eve gunfight at the Walmart on Garners Ferry Road injured two people. One man with a gunshot wound was taken to the hospital although the injury was not life threatening, said Lt. C.B. Williams of the Columbia Police. Columbia Police were still on the scene at 8 p.m. Saturday night investigating the incident at the Walmart Supercenter at 7520 Garners Ferry Road. Two ‘people of interest’ were being questioned but no one had been charged Saturday night, said Williams. Officers on the scene @ Walmart on Garners Ferry Rd. A shooting incident on-site has been contained. Investigation is ongoing. pic.twitter.com/xuKrb05aiu&mdash; Cola Police Dept. SC (@ColumbiaPDSC) December 24, 2016 “What we know is that no one is on the loose, ” and still being sought, Williams said. Exactly what happened leading up to the gunfire was still being determined. The incident, during which multiple shots were fired, unfolded near the front of the store and apparently involved people in the store and in the parking lot, Williams said. More will be reported as it becomes available. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Crime & Courts Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:18 Preparing for snow in South Carolina Pause 4:33 Clemson's Dabo Swinney and team arrive in Tampa 1:29 Suspects record alleged kidnapping and torture on Facebook Live 1:06 New efforts to stop America's opioid abuse problem 1:52 USC president Harris Pastides makes the case for a bond bill for higher education building projects 2:39 Coach Staley previews weekend game against Florida 1:13 USC commit spotlight: Damani Staley transitions to linebacker 1:51 How you can join Columbia's community gardens 2:27 Clemson's Ben Boulware explains Christian Wilkins grab vs. OSU 0:41 Clemson Tigers leave for the National Championship Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago 911 calls capture last moments of reported murder suicide in Lexington County 2:28 3 days ago 911 calls capture last moments of reported murder suicide in Lexington County 0:16 7 days ago Dollar General Armed Robbery on December 24, 2016 4:22 7 days ago Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest View more video Crime & Courts Former town employee admits to embezzling more than $10,000 Man shot during botched Craigslist deal planned to rob victims, official says Any Dylann Roof execution would be years away Roof ordered not to approach jury, witnesses when acting as his own lawyer Possible homicide reported Monday afternoon Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content × Search × -20.6 °Cforecast > Jobs | Contact | Tip line: 705-673-0123 Home News Local Police Lifestyle Sports Business Videos Neighbourhoods Automotive Around the North National Entertainment Local National Events Calendar Social Sudbury Imagine Cinemas Lottery Results Horoscopes Crosswords Opinions Editorial Columns Letters to the Editor Obituaries Classifieds All Listings Post an Ad Your Ads Your Account Today's Ads Careers Announcements All Anniversaries Birthdays Births Graduations In Memoriam Lost & Found Weddings & Engagements Submit Community Acts of Kindness Community Information Contests More Advertise Staff Contact PDF Edition Northern Life Delivery Newsletter Feature Publications News Tip Financial Literacy NORM - Northern Ontario Rate Market Search Search Home Local News Looking to do some Boxing Day shopping? Here's what's open Heading out to the stores for some Boxing Day deals? Find out what's open Dec. 26 0 Dec 24, 2016 7:00 PM by: Sudbury.com Staff If you're planning on heading out on Boxing Day to take advantage of some deals, make sure you know who is open and when before you go. File photo. Dec. 26 is one of the busiest shopping days of the year, with many stores looking to clear out left over Christmas inventory at significantly reduced prices. If you're planning on heading out on Boxing Day to take advantage of some deals, make sure you know who is open and when before you go. Walmart (both locations) Open 6 a.m. - 10 p.m. New Sudbury Centre Mall Open at 7 a.m. (some stores may not open until 9 a.m.) Closes at 6 p.m. Shoppers Drug Mart Frood & Elm - 10 a.m. - 6 p.m. Paris Street - 10 a.m. - 6 p.m. Riverside - CLOSED Four Corners - 24 hours New Sudbury - 9 a.m. - midnight Your Independent Grocers (both locations) Open 10 a.m. - 6 p.m. McQueen's Furniture CLOSED Notre Dame Boys CLOSED Perhaps shopping on Boxing Day isn't your thing and you'd rather kick back and enjoy a movie. Both SilverCity and the Downtown Movie Lounge are open on Boxing Day. SilverCity Movies start as early as 10:20 a.m. and as late as 10:55 p.m. Downtown Movie Lounge Open throughout the day with movies running between 12:15 p.m. and midnight Like what you're reading? Make us your homepage today! See a typo/mistake? Have a story/tip? 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Email Text More Local News Developer sees progress in Brewer Lofts project City jobless rate rises to 8.1% in December Lively dogs had long rap sheet, city looking at seizing the animals Visit our homepage > Comments Top Stories Developer sees progress in Brewer Lofts project 0 City jobless rate rises to 8.1% in December 0 Minor hockey heating up again after holiday break 0 Shchaslyvoho Rizdva! (Merry Christmas to our Ukriainian friends!) 0 Lively dogs had long rap sheet, city looking at seizing the animals 0 Videos Vicious dog order in case of brutal dog attack in Lively (Video) Sudbury.com's top videos of 2016 More Videos > Sudbury.com 158 Elgin St. Sudbury, ON P3E 3N5 ph: (705) 673-5667 fax: (705) 673-4652 Send Feedback News Home Local News Neighbourhoods Police Opinions Lifestyle Entertainment Sports Letters Social Sudbury Videos Northern Life Home Delivery Advertise Staff Contact Facebook Twitter RSS PDF Edition Newsletter Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community City Services City Leisure Hospital Health Unit Announcements Events Obituaries Classifieds Community Builders Awards Influential Women Awards Northern Ontario Business Awards 40 Under Forty Awards Features Feature Publications Horoscopes Crosswords Lottery Results Movie Listings © 2017 Laurentian Publishing
Share 49 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 Charles Manson Too Risky For Surgery, Back To Prison? News 2017-01-06 Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: How Did Esteban Santiago Get Through Security With A Gun In His Checked Luggage? News 2017-01-06 Dylann Roof: Full Transcript Of Charleston Church Shooter’s Opening Statement News 2017-01-06 Michelle Obama Makes Tearful Promise To Young People In Moving Final Speech As FLOTUS [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: WWE Determined To Make WrestleMania 33 Main Event Great After Watching Wrestle Kingdom 11 Main Event Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe Gaming 2017-01-06 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Reddit User Finds Dark Zone Leaderboard, Possible PTS Date Hint, And Microtransactions In The Future? [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-06 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Jan. 6, Three Of Coins Returns BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss 2016 Christmas Day Hours: What Restaurants And Stores Are Open On December 25? BuzzWorthy 49 0 0 December 24, 2016 2016 Christmas Day Hours: What Restaurants And Stores Are Open On December 25? Nathan Francis Christmas Day 2016 has arrived, and those looking to find what stores or restaurants are open may have their work cut out for them. The annual celebration of family, food, and presents is also one of the quietest days of the year for retail locations and other destinations, with nearly all of them closed down so employees can spend time with their families. Trips to the bank or post office are impossible, but those looking to find some restaurants or stores open on Christmas Day 2016 will find a few options — if they know where to look. Below is a list of what’s open and what’s closed on Christmas Day 2016. What’s closed on Christmas Day 2016? As a federal holiday, all government offices will be closed on December 25. That means no trip to the United States Post Office and definitely no waiting in lines at the Department of Motor Vehicles — not that you wanted to, anyway. Banks will also be closed on Christmas Day, though customers will be able to perform some basic functions like deposits or even fund transfers if their bank has a smart ATM. Other financial institutions, including the stock market, will be closed on Christmas Day as well. And most stores will be closed on Christmas Day 2016. That means Walmart, Target, Kmart, and grocery stores like Whole Foods, Costco, and Wegmans won’t be open again until December 26. But there will be a few options for those looking to eat a Christmas Day meal at a restaurant or pick up a few last-minute supplies for those Christmas parties. Below you can find which places will actually be open on December 25. What’s open on Christmas Day 2016? There actually will be a few stores open on Christmas Day. According to TIME, 7-Eleven locations will be open on Christmas Day along with many CVS locations, which will be open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Other stores open include Albertsons, Sheetz, and Walgreen’s, which will all be open limited hours. Ours are pretty much perfect, tbh pic.twitter.com/vFAsJboRV2 — IHOP (@IHOP) December 24, 2016 The TIME report also has information on what restaurants will be open on Christmas Day, catering to the crowd that isn’t into cooking on Christmas Day. You’ll find everything from breakfast (Waffle House) to dinner (Papa John’s) to a coffee run available at pretty much any point in the day (Starbucks). Buca di Beppo: Open from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Chart House: Open from 11 a.m to 9 p.m. IHOP: 24-hour locations are open normal hours Papa John’s: Open from noon to 11 p.m. Ruth’s Chris Steakhouse: Open from noon to 8 p.m. Shakey’s Pizza: Open from noon to 9 p.m. Starbucks: Open from 6 a.m. to 4 p.m. Waffle House: 24-hour locations are open normal hours There may be other smaller or locally-owned restaurants open on Christmas Day 2016, so if you’re looking to have breakfast at the local diner or getting a steak at your favorite steakhouse, it’s best to call ahead as early as possible to find their hours. Some local drug stores could be open limited hours as well. Feels like home to me! pic.twitter.com/gK8Pgg347V — Waffle House (@WaffleHouse) December 16, 2016 And there’s always the option of getting Chinese food — a Christmas Day tradition for many families. Chinese take-out places are generally open on December 25 (but again, it’s best to call ahead to check first). And those looking for some other entertainment on Christmas Day 2016 will have at least one option — going out to the movies. Movie theaters are always open, and generally get busy for the evening showings when families start to get restless and look for a chance to get out of the house. [Featured Image by Cathleen Allison/AP Images] Now Watch This: 105 Year Old Man Set To Break Cycling Record Now Read This: ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends Share 49 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Nathan Francis Tags: 2016 Christmas hours, Christmas Restaurant Hours, Christmas Store Hours January 5, 2017 ‘Vikings,’ Season 4 Episode 17 Preview: Lagertha Needs To Watch Her Back, Floki Needs To Change, And The Great Army Is Formed [Spoilers] January 4, 2017 ‘Vikings’ Season 4: Do The History Books Reveal Who Killed Lagertha? Comments LATEST HEADLINES South Carolina State Troopers Will No Longer Give A Book Containing Bible Verses To Grieving Families Because An Atheist Complained Angelina Jolie’s Kids Are Reportedly Participating In Weekly Visits With Their Father Los Angeles Lakers: Five Best Players 25 And Under Obama Unemployment Reality: Number Of Americans Not Working At Record High ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Celebrity Deaths 2017: Smaller Percentage Of Celebrities Expected To Pass Away, According To Mathematician Milo Yiannopoulos Beats Out Pulse Shooting Victims For LGBTQ Publication’s Person Of The Year ‘Star Trek: Axanar’ Ruling Could Signal Death Of Fan Film Industry Eagle Cam In Florida: Second Egg Not Expected To Hatch — But More Eagle Cam Sites Are Preparing For Eggs Android Nougat Updates For Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, HTC 10, & Nexus 6 Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.3k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 1 0 0 Recent Videos BuzzWorthy Escaped Leopard Causes Injuries In West Bengal BuzzWorthy Base Jumper’s Wingsuit Gets Caught On Plane BuzzWorthy Big Wave Surfer Narrowly Escapes Death BuzzWorthy World’s Highest Bridge Opens In China Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Sections Home Local News Sports Bills Sabres Colleges High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Bandits Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Soccer Outdoors Bills Sabres Sabres 2016-17 season Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Submit Obituary Last 24 Hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History [BN] Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Local News Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Health and Fitness Lifestyles Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout Routine traffic stop spills the beans on Walmart shoplifting spree By Maki Becker Published Sat, Dec 24, 2016 Updated Sat, Dec 24, 2016 SHARE TWEET EMAIL TOWN OF LOCKPORT – Niagara County Sheriff’s deputies sniffed out a shoplifting caper during a routine traffic stop about 4 p.m. Thursday on Robinson Road. Deputies said they became suspicious by the movements of a passenger, who confessed to stealing an item from the Walmart on nearby South Transit Road and then gave deputies permission to search the car. Deputies said they recovered two sealed bottles of Tylenol from beneath the passenger’s seat, makeup and birdseed. The passenger, Nancy M. Mercado, 49, of Robinson was charged with petit larceny. The driver, Wilfredo Nieves-Hernandez, 56, of the same address, was charged with sixth-degree conspiracy. Deputies who returned to the Walmart store said they viewed surveillance video of Nieves-Hernandez accompanying Mercado on the shoplifting spree. Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars [BN] Ads Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2016 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Tilikum, orca that killed trainer, dies at SeaWorld Orlando Will Trump's promised wall become taxpayer-funded fence? The Latest: Trump laments Florida airport shooting Shaker grad now in the protein business News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories New guidelines issued for allergies Around NY Centuries of history on the move United Group eyes settlement with fund investor Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Maroon makes Bruins see red Nets hardly kings of road Noteworthy UConn continues to roll Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Shaker grad now in the protein business Colonie Center marks 50th anniversary Saturday The big thing in TV sets this year is ... big TV sets Developer told Glenmont apartment complex doesn't fit Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Good things to do for the week ahead Arts Talk: News in brief Movie Guide: Capsule reviews of current films Movie Talk Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Sipping: Wine pick of the week Second Helpings: Mini restaurant reviews Today's Birthdays Sandwiching in deli's last day Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Cornerstone restaurant on Empire State Plaza opens today for New World restaurants switch to local, clean frying oil Free College Education – Good or Bad? This week on ‘NYN’: SOS speeches, past and future TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Rex Smith: Ring again, clarion call to freedoms Letter: Even at 90, Bennett is a role model to performers Forecasting home design trends in 2017 Proctors-bound 'Something Rotten!' sends up stage tropes Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Signs of change in downtown Troy Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Forecasting home design trends in 2017 'Vampire Slayer' stars find some new blood High & Low House of the Week: Colonial in Brunswick Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Couponing 101: Tips to help you get started on the path to saving Save on skiing/snowboarding with these tips and discount lift The best websites for free printable coupons Best things to buy in January MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Shopping-has-no-season-as-scene-shifts-10817824.php Shopping has no season as scene shifts Consumers are making yearlong buying decisions Associated Press Published 8:17 pm, Saturday, December 24, 2016 Photo: Jeff Chiu Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Nov. 25, 2016, file photo, Maddy, left, and her friend Maggie, sit with their shopping bags at Union Square in San Francisco. The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent. The shift is in part because people are spreading out their shopping all year, demanding big discounts and spending more on events rather than more stuff. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) ORG XMIT: NY108 less FILE - In this Nov. 25, 2016, file photo, Maddy, left, and her friend Maggie, sit with their shopping bags at Union Square in San Francisco. The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's ... more Photo: Jeff Chiu Shopping has no season as scene shifts 1 / 1 Back to Gallery New York The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it'll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early '80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-'90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. "There was a mindset even before online shopping," said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. "But this just accelerated it." In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer delay making their biggest buys until the holidays. This year, the contentious presidential election delayed some shoppers, and with Christmas falling on a Sunday, stores are expecting a bigger number of last-minute buyers. At a busy Target store in Brick, N.J., on Saturday morning, many shoppers seemed to be picking up small items to use as stocking-stuffers. Others were hoping to find a last-minute deal. "I'm pretty much set for Christmas, so I thought I would come down and see what I could find on sale, like maybe a TV," Terry Kreft, 38, said as she strolled through the store. She has spent about $600 on gifts this year, taking advantage of discounts during the traditional holiday-season shopping days right after Thanksgiving, called "Black Friday" and "Cyber Monday." "I was pretty much done with my shopping before December got rolling," Kreft said. But a late rush isn't expected to make up the difference. "It's no longer a seasonal business," said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. "It's a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season — and all year long." Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. "People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for," said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Walmart Dare to Compare Sale for $99 WalmartPosted 13 hr 56 min ago SHOP NOW Ticketmaster coupon Buy 1 ticket, get 1 free TicketmasterPosted 13 hr 21 min ago SHOP NOW Electric Fireplaces at Walmart from $35 + free shipping w/ $50 WalmartPosted 3 hr 5 min ago SHOP NOW Ultra Steel 113-Piece Mechanics Tool Set for $15 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 1 day 9 hr ago Most Popular 1 US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded 2 Family escapes as fire consumes Clifton Park home 3 Ranking Capital Region high schools with the best teachers 4 A heroin story, full of heartache; Jimmy Galante OD's at 26 5 House of the Week: Colonial in Brunswick 6 Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV 7 Colonie Center marks 50th anniversary Saturday View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News Kroger, Publix Hours on Christmas Day & Eve US News Kroger, Publix Hours on Christmas Day & Eve By Jack Phillips, Epoch Times | December 24, 2016 AT 8:10 PM Last Updated: December 25, 2016 7:53 pm A sign identifies the Kroger Co. corporate headquarters in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio. Kroger and Contessa Premium Foods, Inc. are recalling Krogerâ��s 24-ounce bags of 'Meals Made Simple' Shrimp Linguini. (Scott Olson/Getty Images) Christmas Day is Sunday, Dec. 25, and it’s dead out there. Starting with closures, Walmart is closed, Kmart is closed, Target is closed, Sears is closed, and Best Buy is closed. Most Safeways are closed on the day. Albertsons are open 9 a.m. until 4 p.m. on Christmas Day. Kroger is closed on Christmas Day, but will stay open to as late as 8 p.m. on Christmas Eve. Local Kroger holiday hours can vary from location to location, and it’s best to call ahead of time. One can find the nearest Kroger and its phone number here. Publix is also closed on Christmas Day, but they’ll stay open until 7 p.m. Check before going out. Editor’s Picks Top Chinese Leadership to Reshuffle in 2017 The Internet’s Growing Environmental Footprint ‘Fake News’ Crackdown Spreads Around the World Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsUpdate: 4 Dead in Ft. Lauderdale Airport ShootingThe Latest: Suspects in Facebook Live Beating Case Had Previous ArrestsShooting at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood Airport in Florida, Deaths ReportedSeaWorld: Tilikum, Orca That Killed Trainer, Has Died Latest in US US News Update: 4 Dead in Ft. Lauderdale Airport Shooting US News The Latest: Suspects in Facebook Live Beating Case Had Previous Arrests US News Shooting at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood Airport in Florida, Deaths Reported Crime and Incidents Report: 3 Kids Watched Movie as Parents Lay Dead Outside SUV Politics Sen. Warren to Seek Re-election, Repeats Vow to Fight Trump Politics Trump Demands Media Leak Investigation US News SeaWorld: Tilikum, Orca That Killed Trainer, Has Died Politics A Traditional End to an Unconventional Presidential Election Politics Reports: Speculation Hillary Clinton Could Run for New York City Mayor Mounts × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News Safeway, Albertsons Hours on Christmas Day, Eve US News Safeway, Albertsons Hours on Christmas Day, Eve By Jack Phillips, Epoch Times | December 24, 2016 AT 8:04 PM Last Updated: December 25, 2016 7:53 pm Safeway and Albertsons hours for Christmas Day and Christmas Eve -- as well as closing times, opening times. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Christmas Day is Sunday, Dec. 25, but if you wanted to do some shopping on the holiday, you’re seriously out of luck. Starting with closures, Walmart is closed, Kmart is closed, Target is closed, Sears is closed, Best Buy is closed, Kroger is closed, and Publix is closed. Most Safeways are closed on the day. A few locations might be open, but one should call ahead of time. Albertsons are open 9 a.m. until 4 p.m. on Christmas Day. — More store hours: Walgreens / Duane Reade – 24-hour locations are open; most stores open 8 a.m. – 10 p.m. Rite Aid – 24-hour locations are open; or between 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. CVS – 24-hour locations are open; or 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. 7-Eleven – Always open, 24 hours a day Starbucks – Open Christmas Day Denny’s – It be open Christmas Day. Hours will vary. McDonald’s – Most locations are open Christmas Streetz – Is open Circle K – Stores will be open on Christmas Day—with most operating with regular hours. QuikTrip – Stores will be open Christmas Day, with most operating with regular hours. Buca di Beppo is open Christmas. Chart House is open on Christmas. IHOP is open on Christmas Day. Papa John’s is open on Christmas. Waffle House is open on Christmas. It’s worth noting that in specific areas, hours for chain stores might differ. And the vast majority of these stores are CLOSED on Christmas Day. Walmart is CLOSED on Christmas Day. Kmart is CLOSED on Christmas Day. Target is CLOSED Christmas Day. Costco is CLOSED on Christmas Day. Kroger is CLOSED Christmas Day. Publix is CLOSED on Christmas Day. Whole Foods and Trader Joe’s are closed. And while it’s obvious banks are closed—Monday is what one has to worry about. Monday, Dec. 26 is considered federal holiday—meaning that most, if not all, banks are closed for the day. The post office, DMV, schools, libraries, and most government offices are closed. Mail delivery won’t come on Christmas Day UPS and FedEx don’t deliver on the holiday. This includes pickup and delivery at locations, which will be closed. UPS also does not deliver on New Year’s Eve or New Year’s Day. Mail delivery is halted on New Year’s Day as well. Editor’s Picks Top Chinese Leadership to Reshuffle in 2017 The Internet’s Growing Environmental Footprint ‘Fake News’ Crackdown Spreads Around the World Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsEsteban Santiago ID’d as Suspect in Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood Airport ShootingElectoral College Makes It Official: Trump Wins PresidencyReport: Charles Manson ‘Too Risky’ for SurgeryLooting, Protests in Mexico Over Gas Price Hikes Turn Deadly Latest in US Crime and Incidents Divers in Lake Erie Find Cockpit Recorder of Missing Plane Crime and Incidents 5 Dead, 8 Wounded in Shooting at Florida Airport, Suspect in Custody US News Esteban Santiago ID’d as Suspect in Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood Airport Shooting US News Electoral College Makes It Official: Trump Wins Presidency US News Report: Charles Manson ‘Too Risky’ for Surgery US News Looting, Protests in Mexico Over Gas Price Hikes Turn Deadly US News Update: 4 Dead in Ft. Lauderdale Airport Shooting US News The Latest: Suspects in Facebook Live Beating Case Had Previous Arrests US News Shooting at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood Airport in Florida, Several Dead × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Local News featured Watson: Revenues not keeping pace with city expenses By Steve Vied Messenger-Inquirer 19 hrs ago 0 City going all out to cut costs, balance budget Friday school closings Mattingly touts fiscal sustainability, economic growth First snow causes some accidents, few injuries DCPS to host parent information meeting concerning superintendent search Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Local Sports No. 24 Wildcat women edge Missouri, 64-62 By The Associated Press Updated 16 hrs ago 0 Toppers stretch win streak to five games Balanced KWC rolls to 104-63 win over Ohio Valley --- MISSING HEADLINE --- Sports Briefs: Friday, Jan. 6, 2017 Muhlenberg event features top teams, players Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings The Link web only Jeans that give directions? Products get, um, 'smart' at CES By BREE FOWLER, MAE ANDERSON and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press 3 hrs ago 0 Obama uses social media to engage and persuade Beantown as Shoetown: Sneaker makers stake claim in Boston In private-jet industry, giddiness at the dawn of Trump era What to expect when walking into an audition Washington carefully adapts 'Fences' to film Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports +2 News MCPL establishes 'Little Free Libraries' around McLean County By STEPHANIE SALMONS McLean County News Jan 5, 2017 0 MCPL establishes 'Little Free Libraries' around McLean County Museum News Sacramento Nature Notes Friends of Island Close Jeff Chiu Associated Press | Jeff Chiu, File FILE - In this Nov. 25, 2016, file photo, Maddy, left, and her friend Maggie, sit with their shopping bags at Union Square in San Francisco. The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent. The shift is in part because people are spreading out their shopping all year, demanding big discounts and spending more on events rather than more stuff. AP featured The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer Dec 24, 2016 0 Jeff Chiu Associated Press | Jeff Chiu, File NEW YORK -- The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power in the year's sales. November and December now account for less than 21 percent of annual retail sales at physical stores, down from a peak of over 25 percent, and experts believe it'll keep dropping. Those extra percentage points would have translated into an extra $70 billion more in buying for last year, says Michael Niemira, principal at The Retail Economist. The season had steadily gained in importance and peaked in the early '80s, before the dominance of big discounters like Wal-Mart stalled its growth as shoppers began moving away from department stores. Still, the two-month period held its own through the mid-'90s, when online shopping for deals took hold. "There was a mindset even before online shopping," said Niemira, whose data goes back to 1967. "But this just accelerated it." In general, many people are shopping for the holidays all year long now, mirroring the trend for back-to-school items. Heavy discounting has diluted sales, and with big promotions throughout the year, shoppers no longer hold off making their biggest purchases until the holidays. "It's no longer a seasonal business," said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at consumer research firm NPD Group Inc. "It's a yearlong investment for the consumer. And retailers need to change. They have to excite shoppers early in the season and later in the season -- and all year long." Here's what's behind the shift: SHOPPERS DON'T WAIT TO BUY BIG-TICKET ITEMS Stores now offer good deals throughout the year on products like TVs and appliances, making waiting until the end of the year less appealing. Deloitte LLP found 30 percent of shoppers planned to wait for holiday sales to buy large gifts, down from 35 percent a year ago. "People are not holding back and waiting because they find a good price for all the things they are looking for," said Rod Sides, vice chairman of Deloitte. Christopher Rogers, a research analyst at Panjiva, which looks at imports, says he has seen a smoothing out of imports during the pre-holiday shopping season from July to November on key items like apparel, toys and furniture. The shift complicates matters for retailers, which could usually concentrate their efforts on capturing shoppers during the holiday window. HEAVY DISOUNTING With fierce competition online, particularly from Amazon, stores are constantly trying to outdo each other and even undercutting themselves on prices from the previous year. Shoppers have been trained to demand deals, and won't break the habit. "The heightened competition being driven by the influence of e-commerce largely is driving prices down on popular holiday items," said Traci Gregorski, senior vice president of marketing at Market Track. "Retailers know consumers frequently compare prices on these categories online and are discounting more heavily to drive traffic and sales." One example: The average price for a TV from Oct. 1 through Tuesday was $829.52, down from $1,009.41 during the same time last year, according to Market Track, which tracked promoted prices across 40 major retailers on over 19,000 TVs. THE RISE OF GIFT CARDS: Shoppers are giving more gift cards as presents, which skews holiday sales figures since they aren't booked as sales until they're redeemed. And most cards no longer have an expiration date. This holiday season, gift cards were ranked second as a top gift, behind only clothing, according to NPD. Gift cards sales accounted for about 25.4 percent of holiday expenditures last year, up from 13.5 percent in 2003, according to Goldman Sachs and The Retail Economist. SHOPPERS WANT EXPERIENCES: Major department stores like Macy's have been seeing shoppers shifting their spending away from traditional merchandise like clothing and more toward gifts that offer experiences like beauty treatments and other services. NPD found 10 percent of holiday shoppers said they planned to give fewer tangible gifts than last year, and 8 percent said they would not give any tangible gifts. Some 14 percent said they will give more experiences as gifts this year than last year, the research group said. Associated Press writer Bruce Shipkowski in Brick, New Jersey contributed to this report. Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. 12° Clear Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Latest News Watson: Revenues not keeping pace with city expenses What to expect when walking into an audition City going all out to cut costs, balance budget Friday school closings Mattingly touts fiscal sustainability, economic growth Toppers stretch win streak to five games Washington carefully adapts 'Fences' to film First snow causes some accidents, few injuries Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Police Reports: Dec. 31, 2016 Police Reports: Monday, Jan. 2, 2017 Police Reports: Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017 Real Estate Transfers: Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017 Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Louisville didn't let Wildcats do what they wanted (1) KWC women win eighth straight (1) No Payne, No Gain (1) Readers Write: Dec. 24, 2016 (1) Coal rules influence timeline on plant decision (1) Watson: City revenues not keeping pace with expenses New mayor said income must increase (1) Payne leaves legacy of revitalized downtown (1) Alex Trebek pays tribute to Cindy Stowell, cancer-stricken 'Jeopardy!' champion (1) Bar Louie coming to Alorica building (1) Cars GMC Sierra 130k mi, $11,995 OBO 270-570-5801 $11,995 Mileage: 130,000 Dec 16, 2016 Chevy Monte Carlo SS 1987 305 auto., air, 41,000 mi. $7,495 Mileage: 41,000 Updated 22 hrs ago Buick Le'Sabre 2000' Blue Metallic Very good condition. low miles $4,500 Dec 15, 2016 Stocks Homes For sale by owner 21 acres prime location 270-684-7592 Jan 5, 2017 East - Has Family Room! 2 bdrm., equipped kitchen, carport $595 Jun 29, 2016 EAST - Landsdowne! 3 bdrm., 2 baths, equipped kitchen, great $995 Bathrooms: 2 Oct 27, 2016 Special Sections 2017 Chamber Magazine Jan 5, 2017 0 Greater Owensboro Chamber of Commerce Magazine 1Q/2017 Dec 23, 2016 0 1Q Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation for 2017. 2016-17 High School Basketball Preview Nov 28, 2016 0 202 Things To Do May 6, 2016 0 A compilation of events and happenings in Owensboro and the surronding areas. 2016 Reader's Choice Awards Jun 24, 2016 0 The 2016 Reader's Choice Awards and quarterly Owensboro Magazine. 2016 Greater Owensboro Chamber Magazine Dec 28, 2015 0 The yearly Greater Owensboro Chamber of Commerce magazine. 12-31-16 At Home Dec 31, 2016 0 12-24-16 REIO Dec 24, 2016 0 Real Estate Inside Out for the weekend of Dec. 24-25, 2016. Sections News Sports Opinion Features Obituaries Online Features Classifieds Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Rack Locations Place an Ad Home Delivery Subscription Services Submission Forms Intranet Contact Information www.messenger-inquirer.com 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY 42301 Phone: 270-926-0123 Email: csr@messenger-inquirer.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017, Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer, 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Logo News Local Miami-Dade Broward Florida US & World Help Me Howard Hope and Healing Investigations Special Reports The LoweDown Elections 2016 Weather Your Forecast Video Forecast Surviving a Storm Watches and Warnings Forecast Cone Forecast Models Projected Wind Field Weather Photos Sports All Sports Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers Miami Hurricanes Florida Gators Florida State Seminoles Entertainment Entertainment Belkys’ Bite Blog Bite with Belkys Deco Drive Shireen’s Favorite Things … TV Listings Career Opportunities 7News Team Watch 7News Live Links Mentioned On Air Search Search for: Live News ° Menu News Local Miami-Dade Broward Florida US & World Help Me Howard Hope and Healing Investigations Special Reports The LoweDown Elections 2016 Weather Your Forecast Video Forecast Surviving a Storm Watches and Warnings Forecast Cone Forecast Models Projected Wind Field Weather Photos Sports All Sports Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers Miami Hurricanes Florida Gators Florida State Seminoles Entertainment Entertainment Belkys’ Bite Blog Bite with Belkys Deco Drive Shireen’s Favorite Things … TV Listings Career Opportunities 7News Team Watch 7News Live Links Mentioned On Air Search for: Share Share: December 24, 2016 Davie Police officer gives out bicycles to underprivileged children 7 News WSVN DAVIE, FLA. (WSVN) - A South Florida police officer wheeled in some Christmas cheer to make more than two dozen children’s holidays a little brighter. Davie Police Officer Dwaymon Cason handed out 35 bicycles at the Wal-Mart located near University Drive and Griffin Road, Saturday morning. #DaviePolice Ofc Cason bought 35 bikes for kids Christmas gifts today at @Walmart in #Davie. He is a big guy with a #BigHeart. #WeAreDavie pic.twitter.com/Kg21KfZ6qv — Davie Police Dept. (@DaviePolice) December 24, 2016 Cason told 7News knows what it’s like to not have many gifts under the Christmas tree, and that’s why he purchased the bikes along with some family, friends and co-workers. “We wanted a way to give back to those who are, not so much less fortunate, but may not be able to afford certain things,” he said, “and we wanted to give back to the community and put a smile on kids’ faces.” Cason is currently assigned as a School Resource Officer, and he said he enjoys working with children. He is in the process of opening a day care center for children with disabilities. Copyright 2016 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending Coast Guard: Fire burns on oil platform in Gulf of Mexico Macy’s, Sears and Kmart to close stores, cut jobs amid weak sales FBI: Hate crimes against Muslims up by 67 percent in 2015 Former Miami Dolphins DE Jason Taylor named Hall of Fame finalist Hate-crime charges filed in attack on mentally disabled man New peanut allergy prevention guidelines start in infancy Daily news to your inbox Search for: See a sample newsletter Comments blog comments powered by Disqus Trending Coast Guard: Fire burns on oil platform in Gulf of Mexico Macy’s, Sears and Kmart to close stores, cut jobs amid weak sales FBI: Hate crimes against Muslims up by 67 percent in 2015 Former Miami Dolphins DE Jason Taylor named Hall of Fame finalist Hate-crime charges filed in attack on mentally disabled man New peanut allergy prevention guidelines start in infancy This Week's Circulars Logo Search for: Join us: WSVN-TVSunbeam Television Corp 1401 79th Street Causeway Miami, FL 33141 Switchboard: (305) 751-6692 Newsroom: (305) 795-2777 PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICES TV LISTINGS CONTACT US JOB OPENINGS INTERNSHIPS ADVERTISE WITH US WSVN FCC PUBLIC FILE EEO PUBLIC FILE REPORT CHILDRENS PROGRAMMING All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 WSVN-TV. All Rights Reserved. WSVN broadcast educational and informational programming for children, and file quarterly reports with the FCC detailing the station's outreach to children. The public may view the reports by going to www.WSVN.com and clicking on "FCC Public File," or by visiting the FCC's website at FCC.org. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Breaking News × PressTV Schedule Watch Live   News Middle East Asia-Pacific Africa Europe Americas Society Arts Business Sports Iran Politics Economy Energy Nuclear Energy Culture Defence US UK Videos Programs A Simple Question Africa Today Comment Economic Divide Food for Thought Iran Iran Today Islam and Life On The News Line Press Plus The Sun Will Rise The Isle True Image Docs فارسی French فارسی French US police union demands halt to sale of Black Lives Matter shirts Sun Dec 25, 2016 3:14AM Home US Human Rights A Black Lives Matter T-shirt The largest US police union has demanded from major online retailer Amazon to halt its sale of Black Lives Matter shirts -- citing it as “offensive” to police officers -- a day after Walmart stores complied with a similar demand. In an open letter to Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, president of the Fraternal Order of Police (FOP), Chuck Canterbury, called on the company to “prohibit the use of the Amazon name and website for the retail” of shirts and sweatshirts with slogans “Bulletproof”, “Black Lives Matter” and “Hands Up, Don’t Shoot,” arguing they spread of “urban myths.” “I wanted to let you know that my members are very upset that you and Amazon are complicit in the sale of this offensive merchandise,” Canterbury added, further warning that it could “damage your company’s good name amongst FOP members and other active and retired law enforcement officers.” This is while the merchandise promoting the slogans of the Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement that opposes growing police brutality across the US against minorities in general and African Americans in particular, have been marketed by a number of retailers during the current Christmas shopping season. Neither Amazon nor BLM have yet issued official reaction to the threatening FOB statement and the shirts continue to be available for sale on Amazon’s website, according to press reports. The FOP’s letter to Amazon came just a day after a similar letter to the Walmart corporation, which also sells BLM shirts online but decided to pull the "bulletproof" merchandise from its sale while issuing a statement claiming expressions of “concerns from customers.” Meanwhile, the president of FOB, which always favors its members in police brutality cases regardless of the circumstances, said it would continue to exert pressure on retailers to halt the sale of similar merchandise, “until Black Lives Matter makes statements that they do not approve of violence.” This is while the BLM has never advocated violence against police but has persistently called for accountability for the continued rise in police brutality targeting blacks and other minorities. Loading ... Related Stories Human Rights US police kill unarmed Latino with dementia Police in the US state of California shoot and kill an unarmed 73-year-old Latino man suffering from dementia. Interviews ‘US police act as modern day slave patrols’ An activist says US police act as modern day slave patrols against black people, who are always at risk of being harmed or even killed. Human Rights 100s protest police brutality in Chicago Some 300 protesters rally outside police headquarters in Chicago against police brutality in the country. Society Another black man killed by US police San Diego officers fatally shoot a black man whom witnesses say was mentally-challenged and unarmed.   News Iran Middle East US UK Asia-Pacific Africa Europe Americas Society Arts Business Sports Video News Bulletin Reports Interviews TV Watch Live Schedule Shows Documentaries PressTV About PressTV Frequencies Privacy Policy Contact Info SMS Subscribe PressTV © Copyright 2016 PressTV. All rights reserved. Top
Pascagoula police, VFW hand out gift cards, not citations - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis 'Raw Travel' premieres in October on WMC Action News 5 Our local commitment In the kitchen with Chef Jeff WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Pascagoula police, VFW hand out gift cards, not citations 2016-12-25T02:10:05Z2016-12-25T03:19:59Z By Mike Lacy, Reporter Email Connect mlacy@wlox.com Ana Martin of Pascagoula reacts with surprise when she received a gift card from Walmart, rather than a traffic citation. (Photo source: WLOX) PASCAGOULA, MS (WLOX) - Getting pulled over by a police officer can cause anxious moments for just about anyone. But Saturday in Pascagoula, things were a bit different.  "Instead of giving out tickets today, we’re giving out Walmart gift cards,” said David Pettys, vice commander of VFW Post 3373. Ana Martin was relieved. “Thank you! I was so scared! This is so sweet and nice," Martin said. "I didn’t expect this. I thought I was going to get a ticket." VFW Post 3373 in Pascagoula teamed up with the Pascagoula Police Department to stop random drivers and give away $1,575 in gift cards. Police pulled over non-offenders, stopping motorists at safety checkpoints, or made personal deliveries to appreciative families. "We need to make sure we partner with our local law enforcement to help the community realize that law enforcement is not there just to take them to jail," Pettys said. Lt. Bob Cochran, with the Pascagoula Police Department Reserves, agreed. "It’s good outreach, it’s good publicity. And, again, with some of the negativity shown this past year, it gives a different light upon the thin blue line," Cochran said.  And it’s making Christmas brighter for a lot of people, one stop at a time. "The officer said, ‘Can we ask you a question today? Are you having a good Christmas? Are you having a happy Christmas?’ It’s much happier. It’s a blessing." It was a blessing for David Jones, as well. "Y'all just don’t know how much this is a blessing to me," Jones said. "It's going to go a long way, and I really appreciate it." The gift card will help make Christmas better for Billy Wilkins’ son. "It’s been kind of a hard year, you know, employment and all that the way it is. It's really cool," he said. "We have a nice little Christmas for them, but this will brighten up his day." This is the second year for the VFW program. Copyright 2016 WLOX. All rights reserved.  News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Black ice remains a threat overnight after snow blankets Mid-South Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:10 PM EST2017-01-07 01:10:33 GMT The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> The first snow of 2017 gave many people in the Mid-South an early weekend. While the snow is gone, slick roads and bitterly cold air remains.More >> 2 men rob Frayser bank 2 men rob Frayser bank Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 6:32 PM EST2017-01-06 23:32:48 GMT (Source: MPD) Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department. More >> Two men robbed a bank in Frayser, according to Memphis Police Department.More >> breaking 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint 'Suspicious item' temporarily closes Memphis airport checkpoint Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:23 PM EST2017-01-06 22:23:28 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> A 'suspicious item' was discovered in the B checkpoint of Memphis International Airport on Friday, according to airport officials. More >> 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport 13 people shot, 5 killed at Fort Lauderdale airport Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:21 PM EST2017-01-06 22:21:53 GMT People on the tarmac in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. (Source: NBC News) Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody.  More >> Thirteen people were shot--eight were injured and five were killed--Friday afternoon at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport. The suspected shooter is unharmed and in police custody. More >> FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow FedEx delays expected nationally due to Mid-South snow Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 5:20 PM EST2017-01-06 22:20:23 GMT FedEx airplane taking off Friday morning. (Source: Memphis International Airport) FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday. More >> FedEx Express said customers around the U.S. may experience some delays in deliveries Friday.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody 5 killed, 8 hospitalized in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman in custody Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 1:15 PM EST2017-01-06 18:15:58 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:07 PM EST2017-01-07 01:07:56 GMT Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area. More >> Suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting unpacked firearm in checked bag, loaded it in bathroom and returned to open fire on a baggage-claim area.More >> Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 7:00 PM EST2017-01-07 00:00:33 GMT The two 18-year-olds had been schoolmates, police say. After meeting at McDonald's, they spent two days together, driving around visiting friends. Then a pretend fight between them escalated into a brutal beating. More >> A judge rebuked four black people accused of beating a mentally disabled white man and broadcasting the attack on Facebook, sternly asking, "Where was your sense of decency?" before denying their attorneys' pleas to...More >> Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Report: 3 kids watched movie as parents lay dead outside SUV Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 12:32 PM EST2017-01-06 17:32:55 GMT Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in the vehicle. More >> Investigators say they don't know why a couple found dead outside their still-running SUV had stopped along Interstate 4 near Daytona Beach early on New Year's Eve with their three young sons safely strapped in...More >> LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door LA sheriff's deputy saves cat trapped in garage door Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 2:44 PM EST2017-01-06 19:44:45 GMT Bella the cat nearly lost her life when she became lodged in a garage door in Ascension Parish, LA. Source: Ascension Parish Sheriff's Department. It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish.  More >> It's the story everyone knows and loves; A law enforcement officer saves a stranded cat from a tree, and then reunites the family with their furry loved one.Except, that isn't at all what happened in Ascension Parish. More >> Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Officials: Seat with possible human remains recovered in plane crash wreckage Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 8:41 PM EST2017-01-07 01:41:40 GMT A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night. More >> A seat with possible human remains has been recovered in the search for a missing plane in Lake Erie, officials said during a press conference Friday night.More >> Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Upstate woman's reaction to empty bread aisle goes viral Posted: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 10:10 AM EST2017-01-06 15:10:11 GMT Screen shot from the video. (Courtesy: Nikki Smith) Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out.  More >> Nikki Smith said the video was filmed at the Walmart on Grandview Drive Thursday night after she saw that all the bread products were sold out. More >> Coroner releases official cause of death for transgender woman killed in Madison Co. Coroner releases official cause of death for transgender woman killed in Madison Co. Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 2:16 PM EST2017-01-06 19:16:22 GMT The Madison County Sheriff's Office received a call around 3:45 pm  that a body was in the road on Heindl Road near Old Yazoo Road, just outside the Canton city limits.More >> The Madison County Sheriff's Office received a call around 3:45 pm  that a body was in the road on Heindl Road near Old Yazoo Road, just outside the Canton city limits.More >> FIRST ALERT: County-by-county weather updates FIRST ALERT: County-by-county weather updates Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 9:02 PM EST2017-01-07 02:02:12 GMT (Source: WSFA 12 News) WSFA 12 News has crews stationed across the River Region providing updates on the potential for winter weather. Here are the county-by-county updates:More >> WSFA 12 News has crews stationed across the River Region providing updates on the potential for winter weather. Here are the county-by-county updates:More >> weather FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline FIRST ALERT WEATHER DAY UPDATE: Jill updates our snow/wintry mix timeline Updated: Friday, January 6 2017 9:09 PM EST2017-01-07 02:09:02 GMT A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >> A WINTER STORM WARNING includes all of the WBRC First Alert viewing area except for Lamar, Fayette, Walker, Blount, Cullman, Winston and Marion which are all under a WINTER WEATHER ADVISORY.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News Are Sears, Best Buy, Dollar General Open Christmas Day? Hours US News Are Sears, Best Buy, Dollar General Open Christmas Day? Hours By Jack Phillips, Epoch Times | December 24, 2016 AT 10:48 PM Last Updated: December 25, 2016 7:53 pm Sears reported a profit for Q2 through the sale of three properties. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz, File) Sears and Best Buy are both closed on Christmas Day. Online shopping, however, is O.K. On Christmas Eve, Best Buy is open from 7 a.m to 6 p.m., while Sears is open to 6 p.m. Sears is giving a 20 percent discount online with the coupon code JINGLEBELLS. They both have normal hours on Monday, Dec. 26. Dollar General and Family Dollar closed Christmas Day, and are open until 8 p.m. on Christmas Eve. If you’re looking to do shopping on Christmas, you’re out of luck, as Walmart, Target, Kmart, Costco, Publix, Kroger, and other chains are closed for the day (but open Monday). Albertsons is open until 4 p.m. on the day. But there are some stores that are open. They include: Walgreens / Duane Reade – 24-hour locations are open; most stores open 8 a.m. – 10 p.m. Rite Aid – 24-hour locations are open; or between 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. CVS – 24-hour locations are open; or 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Albertson’s – Open on Christmas until 4 p.m. Opens at 9 a.m. But check local listings. 7-Eleven – Always open, 24 hours a day Starbucks – Open Christmas Day Denny’s – It be open Christmas Day. Hours will vary. McDonald’s – Most locations are open Christmas Streetz – Is open Circle K – Stores will be open on Christmas Day—with most operating with regular hours. QuikTrip – Stores will be open Christmas Day, with most operating with regular hours. Buca di Beppo is open Christmas. Chart House is open on Christmas. IHOP is open on Christmas Day. Papa John’s is open on Christmas. Waffle House is open on Christmas. Banks are closed on Christmas and Monday. Monday, Dec. 26 is considered a federal holiday—meaning that most, if not all, banks are closed for the day. The post office, DMV, schools, libraries, and most government offices and agencies are closed. The Stock Market doesn’t operate, either. There is no mail on Christmas Day. UPS and FedEx don’t deliver on the holiday. This includes pickup and delivery at locations, which will be closed. And UPS also does not deliver on New Year’s Eve or New Year’s Day. Mail delivery is halted on New Year’s Day as well. Editor’s Picks Top Chinese Leadership to Reshuffle in 2017 The Internet’s Growing Environmental Footprint ‘Fake News’ Crackdown Spreads Around the World Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsAvalanche kills Montana skier in Glacier National ParkHunter Found After Digging Into Snow to Survive BlizzardWoman Drives Into River to Avoid Cops, Boozes as Car FloatsMichigan Governor Makes Disaster Declaration Due to Sinkhole Latest in US Crime and Incidents Couple Found Dead With Sign on Door Warning Not to Go Inside US News Avalanche kills Montana skier in Glacier National Park US News Hunter Found After Digging Into Snow to Survive Blizzard US News Woman Drives Into River to Avoid Cops, Boozes as Car Floats US News Michigan Governor Makes Disaster Declaration Due to Sinkhole US News Brother: Suspect in Fla. Airport Shooting Treated for Mental Health Politics After Intel Brief, Trump Says Hack Had No Impact on Election Crime and Incidents Divers in Lake Erie Find Cockpit Recorder of Missing Plane Crime and Incidents 5 Dead, 8 Wounded in Shooting at Florida Airport, Suspect in Custody × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 8° F Clear Wind E at 3 MPH Pressure 1033 MB Dewpoint 0° F Visibility 8 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Social Junction Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Man accused of eluding officers in chase By Rachel Sauer Saturday, December 24, 2016 Mesa County Sheriff’s deputies followed tire tracks over the roadway and through the town Thursday night to apprehend a man accused of eluding and careless driving. Ryan Gregg Blanton, 31, was arrested late Friday night in Clifton, accused of driving a car with fictitious plates and failing to pull over when deputies tried contacting him on North Avenue. According to an arrest affidavit, a Mesa County Sheriff’s deputy was alerted to two males driving a dark-colored Ford Thunderbird on which the plates allegedly belonged to a Chevrolet Malibu. Deputies reported seeing the car pull into the Walmart parking lot on North Avenue and two men enter the store, then leave and eventually head east on North Avenue. A deputy tried initiating a traffic stop for the fictitious plates, but the Thunderbird sped away, swerving on the snow-slick road and driving about 50 mph, according to the affidavit. The Thunderbird headed north on 29 1/2 Road, then east on Orchard Avenue, and the deputy was able to follow the car’s tire tracks in the snow, noting that the Thunderbird came close to hitting cars parked along the road several times and repeatedly swerved onto the wrong side of the road. Another deputy located the Thunderbird on 30 Road and followed it to the 400 block of 32 1/8 Road. There, a downstairs neighbor told a deputy that “they ran upstairs,” according to the affidavit. Blanton and his companion were contacted, and deputies discovered that Blanton’s license was revoked. The Thunderbird belongs to the downstairs neighbor and he told deputies he previously had allowed Blanton to drive it once around the block, but that he wasn’t aware Blanton and his companion had taken it Thursday night, according to the affidavit. Blanton was found to have a license belonging to someone named Gary and, after being taken to the Mesa County Jail, told a deputy he’d been home all evening, according to the affidavit. The deputy to whom he told that found he was in possession of a Walmart receipt that corresponded with the time deputies allege he entered the store Thursday evening. At a court appearance Friday, prosecutors asked for a cash bond because of Blanton’s prior criminal history, which includes driving and drugs cases. He currently is on probation for a drug distribution conviction. The prosecutor called him a “community risk.” The defense said there may be a question of whether Blanton was even the driver and asked for a personal recognizance bond, with which the judge disagreed, citing a 2015 conviction for eluding and noting Blanton is on probation in three cases. He received a $5,000 cash-only bond. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Veterany Hospital Help Are you an energetic, compassionateanimal lover?Arrowhead Veterin... Independent Contractor BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapers as an Indep... Estimator/project Manager Connell Resources, Inc., a leading heavy & highway civil contractor is seeki... Registered Dental Hygienist - Pt PT RegisteredDental HygienistPlease bring resume byDr. Fletch... Rn, Lpn Or Ma 4-5 days/week in Medical Specialty office w/benefits.Experience r... Dental Assistant Training You are just 8 weeks away from a new exciting career!The Colorado School of ... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Local She was raised in dozens of foster homes. Can she keep her own son out of the system? The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jessica Contrera December 25, 2016 Follow mjcontrera Gwen Wright, 22, holds her 1-year-old son, Amarion, while she makes food in her kitchen for a community Halloween party at Genesis, the subsidized apartment building in Northwest Washington where they live. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post) Gwen Wright needed to get to the hospital. The labor pains were radiating from deep in her gut, like pliers twisting her insides. First they were an hour apart, now every 30 minutes. She was a week past her due date, and the baby was coming. But when she stepped off the Metro that spring day in 2015, she turned in the opposite direction from the hospital. She had an appointment to keep — an interview that could change everything for her and her son on the way. “Sorry I’m late,” she told the women seated at a folding table in a drab conference room at a nonprofit’s office in Northwest Washington. They smiled back at her and asked polite questions, nodding as she described her hopes for her son. At 20, Gwen had no idea how to be a mother. The last time she’d seen her own mother, she was 2. Someone else had tried to be her parent, and then someone else, again and again until — just before Gwen was too old to be in the foster-care system any longer — the pregnancy test strip turned pink. “I just want him to have a better life than I did,” Gwen explained, holding her protruding stomach. She knew her son was far more likely to end up in the system, parentless, just as she had been. But she was being given a chance to break that cycle. An organization called Generations of Hope was helping to launch a social experiment that had never been tried before. A small apartment building was being constructed where foster kids-turned-moms would live alongside seniors — grandparent-like figures who would offer support but who also needed support themselves. In return for subsidized rent, the moms and seniors would help one another get by. Gwen was determined to live in the building. So during her 20-minute interview, she avoided talking about her past. She didn’t tell them about the act of violence that led to her pregnancy. She’d already had to explain that night to her siblings, who knew she was gay, and she couldn’t bear to describe it again. She didn’t mention her fear that when her son was placed in her arms, she wouldn’t recognize his features. Instead, she assured the organizers and herself, her son would not go into foster care. She wouldn’t let people walk in and out of his life, she said. “I just want my son to be able to say, ‘My mother did all that she could.’ ” Then Gwen thanked the women for their time and walked more than a mile to MedStar Washington Hospital Center to prove herself right. ‘Welcome home’ A light shines at Genesis, where foster kids-turned-moms live alongside seniors who offer support in exchange for receiving support themselves. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post) Seven months later, rain was pouring down on Gwen’s new home. She longed to be upstairs in her one-bedroom apartment, with its crisp white walls and humming refrigerator, its cabinets filled with red Hawaiian Punch for herself, Gerber formula for her son, Amarion. Gwen loved how the apartment smelled. Like nothing. She’d always lived in places filled with other people’s smells. She was sitting beneath a stuffy tent in the building’s back parking lot, surrounded by all her new neighbors and dozens of important-looking people who had come for the Nov. 19, 2015, grand opening of the building on Georgia Avenue, just south of the Maryland border. It had been named “Genesis” as a symbol of new beginnings. Gwen took a seat in a row of people in suits. She wore cargo pants. Amarion wore a bib that said, “Spit happens.” For the past seven months, she’d been learning how to be his mother — how to mash bananas and sweet potatoes the way he liked, how to hold him with his head against her chest, how to decide whether to take him to the doctor. When Amarion wailed for hours in the middle of the night, Gwen would stay awake until 4 a.m. with him, often crying just as hard. Her new neighbors were struggling with being mothers, too. In a city with more than 1,100 children in foster care, these eight young women had been chosen to keep history from repeating itself. Their own parents had abandoned them, disappeared into prisons or been shot to death. One young woman had a mother who would whip her naked body with a cord, then pour alcohol into her wounds. When the torture was over, she would take her children out and buy them toys. Tyaira Barber, 21, grew up praying for her mother to get out of jail, then praying for her to stop doing drugs. Tyaira moved to her sister’s house, then to her cousin’s, to her school friend’s, to her boyfriend’s. She would do anything to hide that she was homeless. She refused to be a foster kid. Until she was 16, and couldn’t hide the growing bump beneath her jeans. [A hidden world: Desperation for hundreds of homeless families in D.C.] At the same Child and Family Services Agency building where Tyaira turned herself in, Antonee Fox was dropped off by her mother. She was 16. In one arm, she held her 1-year-old son, Noah. In the other, a car seat carrying her infant son, Tarif. “I can’t do this anymore,” Antonee’s mom told her in the car. “You got two kids. Woman up.” And then all Antonee’s belongings were in seven bags on the agency’s curb, and her mom was pulling away. Now a $7.2 million, 29-unit apartment building was designed to make sure her kids didn’t end up with the same stories. “Well, good morning, everybody!” D.C. Mayor Muriel E. Bowser (D) told the crowd beneath the tent. “Welcome to Ward 4! And welcome home!” Home. Community. Home. Community. Every person who took to the microphone kept stressing the same words, and each time, the crowd clapped. Gwen joined them, applauding for all the groups who made this place possible for her: the city, the nonprofits Mi Casa and Generations of Hope, the donors, the social workers who had shaped her childhood. So far, it was a community of strangers. But the mayor sounded certain it would become much more. Where Genesis stood now, she said, there used to be two large bungalow-style homes. Both were abandoned. The bushes out front grew wild. In one, squatters lit the roof on fire. They sat empty for years, until the city came and tore them down. And from a pile of rubble, they were trying to build something better. Gwen, second from right, and her siblings during childhood. Although her sister and two brothers were adopted, Gwen never was. (Courtesy of Gwen Wright) Gwen’s son, Amarion, eats dinner in the community room at Genesis, which is designed to help keep him and other children out of the foster-care system (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post) A generation of neglected children Gwen’s story started with fire, too. She was 2 years old. Her older brother was 4. Their mother had left them alone in her Southeast Washington apartment. The stove was on. The flames came fast. If it weren’t for the neighbors who knocked down the door, that’s where Gwen’s story would have ended. She later learned, she said, that her mother was down the street, getting high. She never saw her again. In the mid-1990s, the crack epidemic was at the end of its rage, and the city was in its withdrawal period. A flood of children had been left uncared for. The child-welfare system was so overwhelmed it was being sued for negligence. Children were living in temporary emergency shelters. Reports of abuse and malnourishment went uninvestigated. In 1995, a federal judge took control of the system from the District. [A lost mother and her missing daughter] Today, social workers call the hundreds of kids who came into the city’s care at that time the “youth bubble” or the “legacy kids.” Without an effective system to find them permanent homes, the children grew up moving from one temporary setting to another, often without ever being adopted. That was Gwen’s life. First she moved to her grandparents’ house, but her grandmother died soon after. Then she moved in with a family she doesn’t remember. Then to a family she remembers wanting to be adopted by. Even though their teenage son would take Gwen and her younger sister into his room to play “games” that were anything but. Even though the foster mother would whip them with a Home Depot paint stick. One day at school, her teacher saw the welts. And so Gwen moved again. And again. By the time she turned 21, she estimated, she had lived in more than 40 places. Connections and conflict The bare cream walls at Genesis exploded with color. Over the course of a year, a mural artist helped the residents paint birds and butterflies using stencils that could be mastered by young and old. Then the artist painted each member of the community onto the walls so every person who walked into the building could see who called this place home. There was Gwen, holding Amarion in her arms. Tyaira, with 4-year-old daughter Aniya on her lap and 2-year-old daughter Audreyy at her side. Smiling beside the moms were colorful renderings of the elders: Dellie Reed, a brassy Louisiana native who couldn’t keep her house after her husband died of bone cancer. Ernie Osunkoya, who came from Nigeria to America to be a doctor, and found cocaine instead. Bonnie Duffy Page, who herself had become a mom at 16 — and then a grandmother at 33 — before suffering multiple strokes that limited her mobility. Together, they had become neighbors, saying hello in the halls, borrowing corn bread mix and can openers, giving one another rides to Walmart. The seniors knew whose child liked to color and whose liked to bang on the piano. Miss Dellie took the older kids to summer camp at her church. Miss Bonnie left her door unlocked so the moms could stop by to watch Wendy Williams with her, or confide how overwhelmed they felt. Mr. Ernie would greet everyone with a drawn-out “helloooo” in his Ni­ger­ian accent, then ask, “How are you doing today?” Tyaira Barber hugs Dellie Reed during a Friday night women’s group meeting at Genesis. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post) Tyaira, a nursing assistant, carries her daughter Audreyy, 2, on the way to pick up her daughter Aniya, 4, from school. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post) But the connections they’d made couldn’t erase their problems. Tyaira was raising her daughters on her own. Her unpredictable schedule as a nursing assistant meant she often needed babysitters, but she barely trusted any of the adults at Genesis enough to let them close to her kids. Miss Dellie was struggling to pay her rent, but she was too proud to ask anyone in the building for help. Gwen couldn’t find a steady job, so she enrolled in a city-funded mechanic training program that paid $10.25 an hour. It was all the way in Southeast Washington; to get Amarion to day care and make it there on time, she had to leave her apartment by 6 a.m. and take three buses. By the time she came back to Genesis, she was too tired to talk to anyone. Generations of Hope had helped launch intergenerational communities such as this one across the country. There were always growing pains, especially during the first year. But those communities had been focused on adults who had adopted foster children or were caring for a relative’s children. Genesis was the first to focus on foster children raising kids of their own, and the first to be created in the close, unforgiving quarters of a city apartment building. Noise was a constant source of conflict. One older woman called the police on a young mom for having her TV too loud. There were fights over who could park in the small lot behind the building. After Miss Bonnie tried to resolve a dispute, she found her tires slashed. “I was looking for a peaceful place,” she said after she had the tires replaced. “I knew there was going to be some challenges, but I didn’t expect all these issues to come up.” Many of the young moms had boyfriends who practically lived with them — against the terms of their leases. One woman had given birth to a third child, and two others were pregnant. Some seniors suspected that the boyfriends were responsible for the disappearance of speakers and routers from the community spaces. But kick all the men out, and some of the moms would lose reliable father figures who provided financial support and took out the trash for the older neighbors. Each week, there was an issue to smooth. The program managers who worked in the building, Wendy Jason and John Kemp, believed Genesis would only work if the community solved its problems together. If they interfered too much, that harmony would never form. If they interfered too little, arguments would boil over into screaming matches in the halls. Bonnie Duffy Page, sitting on her walker, leads a women’s group discussion at Genesis. There, the women talk about their daily lives and — if Miss Bonnie brings along vodka and orange juice — their romantic endeavors. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post) So they put their trust in time and filled the evenings with potlucks, Zumba sessions, art classes, “coffee and chat,” “ice cream and chat.” At weekly ladies’ nights, the women talked hair and doctors and church and — when Miss Bonnie brought vodka and orange juice along — men and relationships. “You must have done it with a man at least once, right?” one of them asked Gwen one night as 10 women sat around a folding table. They’d seen the way she dressed in baggy clothes and flat-brimmed hats. They’d met the woman she started dating shortly after moving in. They had always wondered about her pregnancy, and she’d never explained. “Well, I. . .” Gwen started. “Was it rape?” Miss Dellie asked. For a moment, Gwen let herself remember that night. Stopping by the 7-Eleven on her way to her foster home. Hearing someone behind her. Taking the shortcut near the woods. Being thrown to the ground. Closing her eyes, waiting for it to be over. A month later, she bought a pregnancy test and discovered that a violent man’s child was inside her. Yet she didn’t want to get rid of the baby. She didn’t believe in abortion. And having the child, she thought, would mean she would always have a family. It barely occurred to her to tell her foster mother, or the police, or anyone but her siblings that she had been raped. She had never trusted the adults in her life. Now, at least, that had changed She looked up at her neighbors and answered Miss Dellie’s question: “Yes.” A place of their own Christmas was coming, and Amarion, now 18 months old, was walking and talking. He looked, thankfully, so much like Gwen. Big brown eyes. Full cheeks. His expressions were serious, except when Gwen plugged her phone in to an old boombox and turned on music. Then he loved to wiggle. “Are you ready to put up your tree?” Gwen asked him earlier this month. Amarion helps his mother, Gwen, decorate their Christmas tree earlier this month. (Jessica Contrera /The Washington Post) Amarion reached out to the cardboard box holding the fake white tree Gwen bought for $25 in October, as soon as Walmart set out its Christmas decorations. Her ex-girlfriend sat in the corner with her headphones and sunglasses on in defiance. When they got together, they had made an agreement: Gwen wouldn’t let people walk in and out of her son’s life. If they were going to be together, Gwen said, her girlfriend would have to commit to being Amarion’s mother even if they broke up. Then they did break up. And now they were constantly fighting in front of Amarion. But this was the first Christmas Gwen thought he might remember, so she wasn’t about to change her mind. “Are you going to take your headphones out?” Gwen demanded as she pulled the four-foot tree out of the box. The headphones stayed in. Gwen looked away and sifted through a Dollar Tree bag filled with blue candy canes and boxes of glittery ornaments. She opened one and found only baubles, no hooks to place them on the tree. “Didn’t you buy them?” her ex asked. “When you buy ornaments, wouldn’t you think the hangers would come with it?” Gwen said, distressed. Her ex shook her head. “Well, I have never done this!” Gwen snapped. She walked to her closet and found a bundle of black yarn. Plopping down on the couch, she started cutting it into small pieces. She slipped each strand through the loops on the ornaments, tied the ends together and cut off the extra. Her son would have golden ornaments. Her son would go see Santa at the mall. Her son would rip open presents on Christmas morning. “Ready?” she asked him. “Show me where you want it.” Amarion pointed with a finger covered in melted candy cane. Gwen slid the ornament onto the plastic branch. Then he tottered away and began playing with the cardboard box instead, like a boy who would never celebrate Christmas without a tree they’d decorated together. Correction: An earlier version of this article incorrectly described previous intergenerational communities Generations of Hope helped to launch. They were focused on adults who had adopted foster children or were caring for a relative’s children, not simply adults raising foster children. The story has been updated. Read more: 13, right now: Growing up in the age of likes, lols and longing The 7th grader’s sext was meant to impress him. Then he shared it. It nearly destroyed her. She’s 10. She has HIV. And she’s about to learn the truth. local Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters The comment section on this story has been closed. You can leave feedback for the Post newsroom by using the form here. For more on how we manage comments and other feedback, please see our discussion and submission guidelines  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jessica Contrera is a staff writer at the Washington Post. Follow @mjcontrera Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 House Republicans revive obscure rule that allows them to slash the pay of individual federal workers to $1 2 How nostalgia for white Christian America drove so many Americans to vote for Trump 3 ‘He’s busting into my window right now,’ a woman told a dispatcher. She was later found dead. 4 Evangelicals should be deeply troubled by Donald Trump’s attempt to mainstream heresy 5 Trump deposed in N.Y. in multimillion-dollar lawsuit against chef José Andrés Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game local Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs mental health therapist (substance abuse) Arlington County (Virginia) Government program associate (tapur study) American Society of Clinical Oncology program manager, consulting services American Society of Clinical Oncology washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Deal: Free gift when you buy an Xbox One S for the next week 0 by Surur  @mspoweruser Dec 25, 2016 at 20:00 GMT2 weeks ago Microsoft is rounding out the year with one last promotion for the Xbox One. If you purchase the console from participating retailers you will be offered a free gift, ranging from games, a headset or a new controller. Online retailers include Amazon, who is offering a free Xbox Wireless Controller, and the Microsoft Store, who is offering a free game of your choice. Walmart.com and Best Buy are offering a free Xbox Wireless Controller, GameStop, a free Xbox Stereo Headset in white or black and Target a free game of your choice. Most participating retailers are also offering a special online-only deal for a $50 gift card in addition to a gift. The deal runs from the Dec. 25 through Dec. 31. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source Major Nelson Related deal xbox one Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Brydge 3rd party hard keyboard for the Surface Pro finally makes it lapable by Surur 0 Trending Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 835 to offer 27% improved performance and consume 25% less power than the Snapdrag... by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 29: Project NEON, the Creators Update & all the new gadgets from CES by Andrew Bennett on January 6, 2017 The new year’s starting off with a new flood of news. CES is going strong, and we’ve leaked some screenshots of Project NEON! You can listen to the podcast on SoundCloud above, o... Subscribe Now Windows 10 The Graalphone promises to combine a Windows PC and Android phone in a portable 4-in-1 by Surur on January 7, 2017 One of the strangest Windows 10 devices shown off at CES is the Graalphone, a concept created by a Nice-based French company with the same name. The device promises to combine a 5 inch Ful H... Just Eat’s Windows 10 app comes to the Xbox One by Michael Allison In a little bit of news missed during the holiday period, Just Eat has now made available their universal Windows app to users on the Xbox. Now gamers on Microsoft’s Xbox One console c... The best Windows devices to come out of CES by Michael Allison CES 2017 is just about over, and we’ve seen quite a few devices coming out of CES to make our mouths water. The old guard, HP, and Dell released updates to their well-reviewed PCs, LG ... MSPoweruser Podcast 29: Project NEON, the Creators Update & all the new gad... by Andrew Bennett The new year’s starting off with a new flood of news. CES is going strong, and we’ve leaked some screenshots of Project NEON! You can listen to the podcast on SoundCloud above, o... MSPoweruser 3.1: Continue Reading, Podcasts, Read Later, REST API, and more by Mehedi Hassan It’s been a while since we updated the official MSPoweurser app. We have been working on a pretty major update over the past few months, however. After a couple of months in developmen... Deals Deals Deal: Forza Horizon 3 Ultimate Edition now available for £29.99 Forza Horizon 3 Ultimate Edition game is now available for just £29.99 from Amazon UK. Since it supports Xbox Play Anywhere, you can play this game on both Xbox One and Windows 10 PC at no ... Deal: Save $150 on select Surface Book devices from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering $150 discount on select Surface Book devices in the US. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1349 and Surface... Microsoft launch a $20 post-holidays Xbox One discount, available for $279 If you managed to miss all the great Xbox One discounts this holiday season, or maybe want to spend some of the cash gifts you received last week, Microsoft has a deal for you. They are offe... Deal Alert: Snag a 200GB Micro SD card from Amazon for just $63 Out of space of your Surface or Windows phone? Amazon is offering the 200GB Sandisk Micro SD memory card for jut $63 in the USA today. Ideal for premium Android-based smartphones and tablets... Deal Alert: Microsoft begins second week of Xbox countdown deals, offering 50% c... Microsoft has released the second week of their Xbox Countdown deals, and you can purchase the following Xbox One games from up to 60% off. While the initial game list was full of A-Listers ... Deal: Get 10% off Surface Book devices in the UK Amazon UK is now offering 10% discount on Surface Book devices. You can get £130 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB/model is now availa... Deal Alert: Last 12 hours to get ReCore for Xbox One half-price for just $19.99 You can still get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from the Microsoft Store. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dyna... Microsoft cuts $300 from most Surface Pro 4 models till 31st December, Core i5 m... If you have any pennies left over from Christmas for the New Year’s sales Microsoft is happy to help relieve your wallet of that burden. The company is now offering up to $300 off most... Deal Alert: Save £60 on the Sandisk Ultra 256 GB microSD card, only 7 hours lef... A microSD card is a quick and easy way to add storage to your phone or PC, and if your PC has a SD card slot, with the right adapter is the perfect way to add back-up and versioning to your ... Deal: Get $100 discount on HTC VIVE VR System, plus free $100 gift code and two ... You can now get the HTC VIVE VR system for $699 ($100 discount) from Microsoft Store in the US. Along with the discount, you can also get free $100 Microsoft Store gift card and two free gam... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Today.com Video Food Health & Wellness Style Home Parents More Search Shop Watch Video Food Food Club Recipes Health & Wellness Style Home Parents Parenting Team Kathie Lee & Hoda Sunday TODAY News Good News Pop Culture Concert Series Pets & Animals Puppy with a Purpose Share Kindness Shop TODAY Privacy policy  AdChoices Style The 8 do's and don'ts of returning holiday gifts 2016-12-24T12:38:00.000Z Bahar Takhtehchian TODAY share tweet pin email comment () Looking to return or exchange some of the holiday gifts you received this year? To get the most bang for your buck, you need to be aware of the specific rules by which the retailers abide. Read on to find out the best way to successfully return items at some of the most popular stores in the country. Closed Captioning ON OFF apply | reset x Text Display Background Enhancements font Times New Roman Arial Comic Sans size T T T T color share link Returning a holiday gift? Here are some helpful tips Play Video - 3:22 Returning a holiday gift? Here are some helpful tips Play Video - 3:22 More video 3:25 Sponsored Content Now Playing Death of department stores? Macy’s, Sears, Kmart close dozens of local branches 5:10 Sponsored Content Now Playing Air fryers, water bottles, scales, more: Steals and Deals for better health in 2017 0:44 Sponsored Content Now Playing See the Spanx and water bottle that make KLG and Hoda’s Favorite Things of 2017 2:59 Sponsored Content Now Playing What to buy in 2017: Game systems, gym memberships, jewelry 1. DO save the receipt It may seem obvious, but many people forget this step! If you're giving a gift, make sure to provide a gift receipt. If you're the gift recipient, stash that receipt away somewhere safe until you decide on whether or not you want to keep the item. While some retailers may give you store credit if you show up with no receipt, most retailers will require proof of purchase if you're looking to get cash back. 2. DO keep the item’s original packaging Rushing to open your gift can be exciting, but if you accidentally damage the box or plastic wrapping that your item came in, you jeopardize your chances of getting a full return. Some stores offer store credit, but will charge you a re-stocking fee if the original packaging is missing or damaged. Others will charge you a small fee if you try to return an item with a dirty or missing user’s manual. RELATED: These are the best holiday shopping windows of 2016 3. DON'T return used items Having second thoughts about a pair of boots you've already worn once? Used or worn items are usually non-refundable, unless the product is defective in some way. A few stores like Nordstrom and Sephora have a more lenient policy, but in general,you won’t get a full refund if your item is used or previously worn. 4. DO be prepared to have proof of identity In an effort to prevent retail fraud, a number of retailers are relying on refund verification systems to keep track of customers’ spending and return habits. This means they’ll ask you for a government-issued ID every time you make a return and will keep track of your activity. Some stores, like Walmart, will allow you to make a maximum of three returns (without a receipt) in 45 days. If you try to make a fourth in that time span, they reserve the right to ban you from making any further returns. Meanwhile, Amazon.com has been known to suspend users’ accounts if they suspect fraudulent return habits. RELATED: 4 glam beauty ideas to help you sparkle this holiday season 5. DO return electronics in a timely manner Most stores offer a shorter, 15-day return window for electronics versus the traditional, 30-to-60-day window for clothing and other items. Although, some retailers are extending their policies just for the holidays. Apple is extending its return window to Jan. 8 and Best Buy will give until Jan. 15 to return unwanted electronics. 6. DO know which retailers are the most lenient Most retailers have a time-sensitive return policy, but a handful of popular retailers will accept returns no matter how much time has passed. It's true! Nordstrom is so liberal with their return policy that you can return gifts and purchases at any point for money back or store credit. At Costco, you can return most items (except some types of electronics) whenever you wish. There are also no time limits on returns at Bed, Bath & Beyond unless you purchase mattresses. But do note: If you don’t have the original packaging, proof of purchase or receipt, Bed, Bath and Beyond policy states that you’ll lose 20 percent of the original selling price. RELATED: 10 kid-approved party outfits that will look adorable in holiday photos 7. DON'T make returns during peak times Instead of going to the stores the day after Christmas, hold off a day or two. Not only will you be in a less hectic shopping environment, but chances are your salesperson will be less crazed, too. He or she might be more willing to help out if you’re trying to make a more complicated return. 8. DO practice kindness Be nice and smile! Store clerks are facing busy times and tough customers this time of year. If you’re extra gracious, they'll be more likely to go out of their way to help you. And why not keep the holiday spirit going! More NBC's Season of Kindness videos 1:38 Sponsored Content Now Playing Students Have Sweet Surprise for Janitor After Car Theft 1:42 Sponsored Content Now Playing Secret Santa Brings Welcome Surprise To Unexpecting Idaho Community 0:49 Sponsored Content Now Playing TODAY #ShareKindness series breaks the 1 million mark 6:02 Sponsored Content Now Playing TODAY's Share Kindness campaign ends with a (delicious) act of kindness More: Style Style On the show share tweet pin email comment () 0:00   0:00 Your video begins in 0:00 TOP About TODAY Visit TODAY TODAY store TODAY apps Contact us Sitemap Jobs Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Closed captioning Advertise  AdChoices
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Op-Ed Politics National Crime World Education Weather Staff Blogs Community Blogs Business All Business Local Business Energy Mortgages Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Economy Next Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Retail Sports All Sports Hockey All Hockey Vancouver Canucks NHL Football All Football BC Lions CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Vancouver Whitecaps MLS International Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Golf MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts & Life All Arts & Life Local Arts All Local Arts Events Listings Entertainment Celebrity Festivals Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Music Theatre Books Food All Food Local Food Reviews Recipes Wine Country Health All Health Local Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Travel Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer's Guide News Local News |Featured: The Real Scoop Medicine Matters Education Report The Search Civic Lee Speaking Public Sector Salaries Economy Next Videos Vancouver in the '70s Westcoast Homes & Design Conversations that Matter Affordability Sun Run | More Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Local News This Week in History, 1905: Filthy-tongued actresses cause a ruckus ... Local News 5.1 magnitude earthquake strikes west of Port Hardy Columnists Douglas Todd: Could a Trump-like religious victory happen in Canada? Local News SeaWorld's Tilikum, orca that killed trainer and was formerly owned ... Local News  Family from El Salvador gutted after losing twin girl in ... 5 / 5 Vancouver SPCA's investigations leader celebrates legal victories, says more awareness needed about animal cruelty Denise Ryan More from Denise Ryan Published on: December 25, 2016 | Last Updated: December 25, 2016 12:49 PM PST Marcie Moriarty, Chief Prevention and Enforcement officer BCSPCA and her dog, Pip, Vancouver, December 09 2016. Gerry Kahrmann / PNG Share Adjust Comment Print Marcie Moriarty doesn’t know the young woman who brought in Pip, a lively little Pomeranian cross, to the Vancouver SPCA shelter. But she thinks of her often. “She was involved with drugs and alcohol and when she went into recovery she could have sold the puppy for a lot of money — but she chose to surrender Pip.” Moriarty, the B.C. SPCA’s chief prevention and enforcement officer, cruelty investigations, had stopped to use the photocopier at the shelter when she saw an employee with Pip. It was love at first sight. Now Pip is a fixture in Moriarty’s office and a constant reminder of the positive outcomes of the work the SPCA does. Moriarty, a lawyer, has been an advocate for animals since coming on board with the society in 2005. She leads cruelty investigations and works directly with the B.C. government and municipalities to change laws and policies that affect animal welfare. Moriarty counts on a provincial team of special constables that responds to 10,000 cruelty calls a year in the province, addressing everything from puppy mills to farm animals. “At the SPCA we are not just about cats and dogs,” said Moriarty.  In 2016 the SPCA executed close to 150 warrants and took in nearly 2,000 animals, making it a record year for cruelty investigations, she said. With each cruelty investigation comes a new opportunity to create awareness and bring change. The 2011 investigation into the execution-style killing of 56 sled dogs in Whistler stands out as a turning point, said Moriarty. “It had a substantial impact on many levels,” she said. “That was the first time such intense and sophisticated forensic investigation was ever done on an animal file in North America. We brought in experts from across North America that had worked for the United Nations and Rwanda, primarily with humans.” The SPCA worked with the RCMP on the file, and a provincial government Sled Dog Task Force, leading to changes in animal cruelty legislation. B.C. raised minimum fines from $10,000 to $75,000 and jail time from six months to two years. For Moriarty, effecting legal change is the most satisfying outcome. But more public awareness is needed. “There wouldn’t be a puppy mill industry if there wasn’t a demand for it,” she said. The seizure and rescue in February of the “Langley 66”, 66 dogs and puppies that had been kept and caged in miserable conditions for breeding purposes, was both a tragedy and an opportunity to raise awareness about the underground dog market. “People continue to be duped,” said Moriarty. “This is a huge opportunity for the public to get involved. You may see a puppy on a website that looks good, but if you have never seen the kennel, if they are not registered breeders and they want to meet you in a Walmart parking lot, that’s a red flag.” Moriarty said the SPCA made recommendations of charges against the owners of the Langley 66 puppy mill. Premier Christy Clark followed up with an announcement that the government would be introducing legislation in 2017 that would include stiff regulations covering everything from socialization to space, feeding and veterinary care for breeders. Moriarty, a University of B.C. law graduate, said that when she attended the school there were no courses in animal law, but much progress has been made. A hundred and sixty-one universities now offer animal law courses — and Moriarty will be back at UBC to teach in the field next year. “It’s pretty exciting,” she said. “And this time of year puts people in a giving mood. Maybe set some resolutions on becoming a better animal advocate, get out some initiatives in your community, or help your neighbour walk their dog.” dryan@postmedia.com CLICK HERE to report a typo. Is there more to this story? We’d like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com. Thousands of Vancouver's poorest living in buildings listed at risk in... From The Archives: Vancouver's first posties Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Latest Local News Videos Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Staff blogs Douglas Todd: Could a Trump-like religious victory happen in Canada? A Risky Jump heads into the void again at the Surrey Art Gallery Douglas Todd: Twenty most popular posts of 2016 REAL SCOOP: Murders on the rise in 2016 Classified Buy, sell and trade smarter. Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. × Share Vancouver SPCA's investigations leader celebrates legal victories, says more awareness needed about animal cruelty Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Opinion Politics National Crime World Education Weather Staff Blogs Community Blogs Business All Business Local Business Energy Mortgages Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Economy Next Technology Retail Sports All Sports Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Golf MMA Curling Tennis Auto Racing Arts & Life All Arts & Life Local Arts Entertainment Food Health Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Puzzles & Comics Royals Homes All Homes Buying & Selling Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Travel © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact Us ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette National Post Ottawa Citizen Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix The Province (Vancouver) Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Keurig and AB InBev team up on in-home booze maker World Access Companies Car News Interactives America's Choice 2016 CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates Your Money, Your Vote American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets Wells Fargo's notorious sales goals to get a makeover Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance 4 ways to jump-start your retirement savings in 2017 Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz This manufacturer helps rebuild lives Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Drive any Cadillac, anytime, for $1,500 a month Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Transition of Power Just how far will Trump go on China and Mexico? by Patrick Gillespie and Heather Long   @CNNMoney December 27, 2016: 3:52 PM ET America's complicated, critical trade relations with China China and Mexico have been put on notice once again: President-elect Donald Trump's new trade team doesn't like how they deal with America. Peter Navarro, the economist tapped to lead Trump's newly created White House Trade Council, directed a documentary titled: "Death by China: How America lost its manufacturing base." And Commerce Secretary nominee and hedge fund billionaire Wilbur Ross once supported TPP, or the Trans-Pacific Partnership, because he believed it would isolate China economically. "China...could be heading for some difficulties if the Trans-Pacific Partnership gets approved," he said in August 2015. Ross has also said negotiating a new trade deal with Mexico is a Day 1 priority for the Trump team. The two also co-authored a paper where they called China "the biggest trade cheater in the world." Related: Trump's new plan to save jobs Now, the president-elect is said to be considering a 10% tariff on all imports or changes to tax policy that could possibly level the playing field. China and Mexico are among America's top three trade partners (along with Canada). There's concern that a tough stance would cause those countries to retaliate with similar measures and spark a trade war. Remember: America imports lots of everyday items. The top imports from China this year are cell phones and laptop computers, according to Panjiva, a firm that tracks global trade data. From Mexico, it's cars. Related: America's biggest trade partners Some see Trump's trade team as protectionist -- putting up hurdles on other countries to shield U.S. businesses. "They want to get rid of existing trade agreements [and] put up tariffs...Those are all protectionist moves," says Douglas Holtz-Eakin, president of the American Action Forum, a right-leaning think tank. A lot will depend on the details. "If they come in with a 5% [tariff], that's very different than 35%," says Derek Scissors, a China expert at the American Enterprise Institute. Scissors also thinks the response from Mexico and China will depend a lot on whether the Trump team takes specific action against those nations or does something across the board on all countries. At the end of the day, Trump wants U.S. companies to bring production and jobs back to America. Navarro and Ross appear to be considering at least two main options to accomplish that. One involves taxes, the other tariffs. It's unclear if Navarro and Ross would use both or just one or even explore others. Here's an explanation of the two main options: Related: What America ships in from Mexico Option A: Put up tariffs on other countries. Trump's transition team is floating the idea of a 10% across-the-board tariff on all imports from all countries, sources told CNN. Several trade experts say tariffs would raise prices on goods in America and risk U.S. jobs that depend on trade. However, Trump's team emphasizes that they're using the threat of tariffs to get better trade deals -- they just haven't said what a better deal looks like. So it's unclear if the tariff talk is more bark than bite. "The tariff is not an end game, it's a strategy -- a strategy to renegotiate trade deals," Navarro told CNNMoney earlier this year. "Tariffs wouldn't put U.S. jobs at risk." Option B: Use taxes to make trade fair The other leading idea is a border adjustment tax (BAT). It's different from a tariff, which only affects imports. The BAT affects imports and exports. But it may serve the same purpose of making trade fairer for America. "If you think about it from a policy and objective standpoint it's addressing a lot of the same trade issues that were brought up on the campaign trail," says Bill Methenitis, director of global trade at tax consulting firm EY. In its simplest form, a BAT makes it more expensive for U.S. firms to import goods and less expensive to export by giving companies a tax adjustment. However, the U.S. imports far more than it exports and this would many of the goods on the shelves of Walmart (WMT) and Best Buy (BBY) more expensive. Related: Trump taps Navarro to lead new trade council But those in favor of this strategy bet that it will increase the value of the U.S. dollar because foreign companies will buy more American goods and fewer foreign goods will be sold here. A stronger dollar will in turn make it cheaper to buy goods from overseas so it will cancel out any price increases on goods available in Walmart and Best Buy. In theory, you wouldn't see any difference in your grocery bill. But of course, the dollar trades in the free market and there's no guarantee the dollar reacts that way. Some experts say the BAT won't get passed because the World Trade Organization would oppose it. "There would potentially be big winners and losers," says Paul Ashworth, chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics. CNNMoney (New York) First published December 23, 2016: 1:28 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending A record 75 straight months of job growth under Obama Apple cuts Tim Cook's pay 15% for missing sales goals Repealing Obamacare could cost 3 million jobs, study finds Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Search for Jobs Powered by Indeed Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by LendingTree Paid Partner Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring your balance to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 Jaw-dropping cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive New development planned near Restaurant Row Sunday Dec 25, 2016 at 1:24 PM Dec 25, 2016 at 1:24 PM Rene Ray De La Cruz Staff Writer @DP_ReneDeLaCruz VICTORVILLE — A developer has submitted plans to the city’s Planning Commission for a future project near Restaurant Row. The City of Victorville announced developer Vantage One Real Estate Investments plans to construct an 11,350-square-foot, multi-tenant building just south of BJ’s Restaurant and Brewhouse on Amargosa Road, according to city spokeswoman Sue Jones. The 5-acre lot project includes a restaurant with a drive-thru and space for two to three free-standing buildings that are expected to be used for restaurants. The property is currently being used as a pumpkin and Christmas Tree lot. “The submitted multi-tenant building is a shell building, and the interior tenant restaurants have not yet been confirmed, nor have tenants for the free-standing buildings, “ Jones said. “The City of Victorville is working with the developer to market our city in the hopes of attracting major, nationwide retailers to locate in this space.” Development along Amargosa Road, south of Bear Valley Road, has boomed over the last five years, with the introduction of such businesses as Wal-Mart Supercenter, Panera Bread, Dollar Tree, Staples and Michaels. BJ’s Restaurant and Brewhouse, located near the Vantage One property, opened to rave reviews earlier this year, with the restaurant continuing to draw big crowds. Vantage One’s past developments include projects in Placentia, Beaumont, Highland, Fresno, Redlands and several in Chino Hills. The company also has pending developments and investment property in Redlands. VantageOne investment opportunities include a 2.6-acre retail land development in Yucaipa, and two developments on Amargosa Road. Rene Ray De La Cruz may be reached at 760-951-6227, RDeLa Cruz@VVDailyPress.com or on Twitter @DP_ReneDeLaCruz. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics Elections 2016 The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Rentals Place an ad Homepage Playlist facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:29 Suspects record alleged kidnapping and torture on Facebook Live Pause 0:41 Clemson receiver Hunter Renfrow is confident 1:18 Preparing for snow in South Carolina 2:20 Jennifer Pinckney's 911 call from Mother Emanuel AME 4:33 Clemson's Dabo Swinney and team arrive in Tampa 2:00 Tallulah opening soon in Columbia 5:43 Gamecocks wrap win over Auburn 2:28 911 calls capture last moments of reported murder suicide in Lexington County 1:06 New efforts to stop America's opioid abuse problem 1:13 USC commit spotlight: Damani Staley transitions to linebacker Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Rock Hill, NFL star Clowney donates cash to youth for shopping spree Dec 24, 2016 Former South Pointe High School and NFL standout Jadeveon Clowney has donated $10,000 to local youth for Christmas. The 50 children in need received $200 each for a shopping spree at a Rock Hill Walmart. Members of the South Pointe varsity football team — who won the class 4A state championship title last week — escorted the children around the store to pick out their presents. More Videos 0:56 Rock Hill, NFL star Clowney donates cash to youth for shopping spree 0:41 Clemson receiver Hunter Renfrow is confident 2:20 Jennifer Pinckney's 911 call from Mother Emanuel AME 4:33 Clemson's Dabo Swinney and team arrive in Tampa 2:39 Coach Staley previews weekend game against Florida 0:41 Clemson Tigers leave for the National Championship 2:00 Tallulah opening soon in Columbia 0:22 The College Football championship trophy 1:17 Beaufort business owner stops and sees 'Two guys just wailing on the officer' 5:43 Gamecocks wrap win over Auburn 1:08 Clemson's Dabo Swinney talks about Mike Williams 1:01 What poker hand is a Dabo holding? 1:03 Does Clemson Kicker Greg Huegel get nervous? More Videos Clemson University Clemson Tigers leave for the National Championship The Clemson Tiger football team left the stadium Friday in route to the airport for their flight to Tampa. There they will play Alabama for the national football championship Monday night. Shop Around Tallulah opening soon in Columbia A new face comes to a familiar place at the former Dianne's on Devine locaton Clemson University The College Football championship trophy The College Football championship trophy gets some camera time along the Tampa Riverwalk Friday. Latest News Beaufort business owner stops and sees 'Two guys just wailing on the officer' In December, Beaufort County Sheriff's Office charged two teenagers in connection with an alleged assault on deputies. Sea Eagle Market owner Craig Reaves was recently recognized by the sheriff's office for his role in subduing the suspects. Here he describes what happened. Clemson University Clemson's Dabo Swinney talks about Mike Williams Clemson head coach Dabo Swinney talks about standout wide receiver Mike Williams. Clemson University What poker hand is a Dabo holding? Clemson head coach Dabo Swinney jokes with the media during a press conference prior to leaving for Tampa. Clemson University Does Clemson Kicker Greg Huegel get nervous? Clemson senior kicker Greg Huegel talks about kicking and what question he gets asked the most. Education USC president Harris Pastides makes the case for a bond bill for higher education building projects USC president Harris Pastides makes the case for a bond bill to pay for higher education building projects. National Tampa gets ready for National Championship Crews worked to get fan and concert areas ready for the college football national championship weekend in Tampa, Florida. USC Men's Basketball Thornwell, Dozier after win at Georgia Sindarius Thornwell and P.J. Dozier speak after South Carolina's road win over Georgia. Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home Weather 31° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Weather Alert 19 weather alerts Close The Mission of Yahweh hosts annual Christmas celebration for residents KHOU.com , KHOU 11:09 AM. CST December 25, 2016 Photo Credit: Deborah Duncan, KHOU CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST HOUSTON - Women and children at a local shelter woke up Christmas morning to a winter wonderland full of smiles, joy and snow.  The Mission of Yahweh hosted its 8th annual 'Christmas on a Mission' celebration with the help of volunteers and Christmas elves as a way to spread holiday cheer for residents and staff.  Great Day Host Deborah Duncan joined in the celebration Christmas morning and worked with Sam's Club and Walmart to provide this year's gifts.  The organization feeds, clothes and cares for more than 100 homeless women and children in the Houston area.  The Mission of Yahweh encourages the public to participate by sponsoring a resident woman or child and volunteering. For more information, visit here. (© 2017 KHOU) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Student says she was raped inside high school Friday morning forecast New A-F ratings for Texas public schools Friday afternoon forecast From homeless to Marriott Marquis employee Celebs to rent out high rises in Houston for Super Bowl 51 M.D. Anderson layoffs won't affect patient care Getting back to work after getting laid off Pastor fallout continues, supporter steps us Thieves crash into gun range, steal weapons More Stories Gunman shoots 13 at Fort Lauderdale Airport Jan. 6, 2017, 12:20 p.m. Ft. Lauderdale flight to Houston departed right… Jan. 6, 2017, 5:42 p.m. Houston Forecast: Freeze warning tonight into Saturday Mar. 1, 2016, 8:29 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Gophers Colleges Golf Lynx Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Soccer Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev 5 dead, 8 hurt in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman was on flight through MSP Fleck takes on Gophers job: 'I am here to change the culture' Putin ordered intervention in U.S. election, intel agencies say Barnes & Noble to close Nicollet Mall store Thrill seekers fail to heed warnings at frozen Minnehaha Falls Roseville massage employee charged with allegedly assaulting customer Feds find $20M cash hidden in Massachusetts bed Farewell, flowers! Macy's annual rite of spring is no more Prince's estate shows he hoarded cash, eschewed stocks, had $25M in property Kim Kardashian West breaks silence on Paris heist: 'There's no way out' Ex-NBA player aims to build giant apartment complex in Brooklyn Center next Business 408270056 Making a return? Retailers are ready for you The notion that stores are making it harder to take an item back no longer holds.  By John Ewoldt Star Tribune December 26, 2016 — 8:30am David Joles, Star Tribune Target Corp. last year extended its return policy on its private label brands to one year, part of a shift by brick-and-mortar retailers to ease return policies. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint   There is good news if you’re making a return Monday or soon thereafter: Retailers are in a mood to please. Even without a receipt, consumers are likely to find retailers that want lines to move quickly and have customers leaving the returns desk happy. “Retailers want the least amount of friction,” said Sandy Stein, a Twin Cities-based retail consultant. “They’re trying to facilitate the most number of people in the shortest amount of time.” About 1 out of 10 gifts are expected to be returned, according to the National Retail Federation. While the knock on retailers for many years was that they were slowly tightening return policies, the annual review by Consumer World, the news site started by consumer lawyer Ed Dworsky, found that return policies held steady or improved this year. Return policies at brick-and-mortar stores are leaning toward becoming more friendly to remain competitive, said Marshal Cohen, a retail analyst with the NPD Group. For example, Target Corp. last year extended its return policy on its private label brands to one year. Some of the most consumer friendly return policies include Costco, Sam’s Club, Macy’s, Kohl’s, Herberger’s, Von Maur, Nordstrom, Penney’s, L.L. Bean, Lands’ End and Bed Bath & Beyond. Apparel stores usually can be counted on to offer the most generous return policies but warehouse clubs such as Costco and Sam’s Club don’t specify a time limit for returns on most items, except for electronics and a few other things. Target and Best Buy have relatively short return periods but each provide additional return time to rewards customers. Target purchases made on a REDcard get an extra 30 days for returns, except for electronics. Best Buy adds more time for its Elite members too. Amazon.com, the biggest online retailer, possesses stellar ratings for customer service but has a fairly restrictive return policy of 30 days. Items shipped by Amazon between Nov. 1 and Dec. 31 can be returned until Jan. 31. Many online merchants, such as ShopRunner and PayPal, now offer free return shipping. Dworsky suggests that consumers who don’t have a receipt can ask the merchant to look it up if the item was charged. Macy’s, Target and Menards can look up receipts if you can identify which credit card was used. This also is true of many small retailers. Those paying cash are out of luck at most retailers. Returns without a receipt may result in a credit at an item’s lowest, recent selling price. It pays to know the rules. Wal-Mart allows shoppers to make up to three returns without receipts within a 45-day period. Toys ‘R’ Us has an unstated policy that items purchased from Sept. 1 onward may be returned until Jan. 28. Video game hardware, cameras, music players, netbooks and e-readers must have been purchased after Oct. 31 for returns until Jan. 28. Retailers are not required to accept returns, according to the Better Business Bureau. An “all sales final” is acceptable if the retailer has prominently posted the policy on receipts or on signs in the store. Finally, consumers who find an item to be defective may ask for a replacement or store credit.   jewoldt@startribune.com 612-673-7633 View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Fleck takes on Gophers job: 'I am here to change the culture' Reusse: Fleck was in the wind for Kaler and Coyle several weeks ago US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded 5 dead, 8 hurt in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman was on flight through MSP 'Sly surprise' Watch P.J. Fleck take on a player at practice Prince's estate shows he hoarded cash, eschewed stocks, had $25M in property Black Friday still demands attention, and for good reason Used electronics retail market boots up in the Twin Cities Schafer: For Target, buyback is an investment in the company Revived J.C. Penney aims to be king of the mall as Macy's, Sears retreat How to get the best deals during Amazon Prime Day on Tuesday More From Business Variety 19 minutes ago The Latest at CES: The challenges of robotic delivery The Latest at CES gadget show in Las Vegas (all times local): National 19 minutes ago FBI releases documents related to San Bernardino iPhone The FBI on Friday released 100 pages of heavily censored documents related to its agreement with an unidentified vendor to hack into an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino, California, shooters, but it did not identify whom it paid to perform the work or how much it cost. Variety 27 minutes ago Farewell, flowers! Macy's annual rite of spring is no more The free show wilted away with the sale of the downtown Mpls. store. Business 45 minutes ago Multiple factors expected to pump up gas prices this year MILWAUKEE – A new U.S. president, global politics, a jaw-jabbering oil cartel, the largest initial public offering of stock ever and unanswered questions about… National 6:35pm EPA: 540 tons of metals entered river in Colo. mine spill Nearly 540 tons of metals — mostly iron and aluminum — contaminated the Animas River over nine hours during a massive wastewater spill from an abandoned Colorado gold mine, the Environmental Protection Agency said Friday in a new report on the 2015 blowout that turned rivers in three states a sickly yellow. Related Coverage People line up at this Twin Cities women's store on the day after Christmas Dec. 23, 2016 What to do with unwanted gift cards Dec. 25, 2016 The holiday shopping season is losing some of its power Dec. 24, 2016 Most Read Feds find $20M cash hidden in Massachusetts bed • Business Delta cancels hundreds of flights amid shooting in Florida airport, ice storm in Atlanta • Business Barnes & Noble to close Nicollet Mall store • Business A pledge to go a year without buying anything new • Business Alexander: Here's why free Linux won't take over PCs in 2017 • Business World 3,000-year-old Iraqi city devastated by militants, left for looters Friendly ghosts haunt Swedish royal palace, queen says Nation South storm: Fender benders, food runs, disrupted inaugural Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Politics Dayton unveils $300M tax plan; GOP unveils health care bills No doubt Russia interfered in election, US intel chief says markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Special Feature Take a tour of the renovated Minnesota State Capitol Vikings Vikings futures for vets Kalil, Newman, Robison toughest to project Listen: Five burning offseason questions for the Vikings Celebrities Schwarzenegger fires back after Trump chides him for low 'Apprentice' ratings Chris Brown to box Soulja Boy over social media feud Wolves Wolves forward Muhammad out tonight at Washington Obama to visiting Wolves: 'Play better defense' Wild Wild leads the West but don't mention All-Star Game to Boudreau Struggling Parise gets pep talk from Wild coach Boudreau poll Poll: Was firing Tracy Claeys the right decision by the University o... 10,000 Takes His side hustle? This Minnesota professional earns extra money shoveling snow What New Year's Eve has taught me about love, loss and life Featured Gallery From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, these photos told the st... From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, Star Tribune photographers have captured moments ... Featured Video Year in multimedia: The best of 2016 05:08 Watch the highlights of the Star Tribune's top photos and video from 2016. Taste Muscles and manicotti: Twin Cities bodybuilder chef cooks up Performance Meals French onion soup serves up winter in a bowl – and you should make it yourself StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments 'Tis the season: State's pro athletes play Santa Claus to spread charitable cheer Marcell Dareus Buffalo Bills defensive tackle Marcell Dareus played against the Miami Dolphins on Saturday afternoon, but on Friday night, he was playing Santa Claus on youngsters at a YMCA. (AP Photo) Print Email Mark Inabinett | minabinett@al.com By Mark Inabinett | minabinett@al.com AL.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on December 25, 2016 at 9:29 AM, updated December 25, 2016 at 9:30 AM comments Friday was Marcell Dareus Day in Buffalo. Mayor Byron Brown didn't proclaim the day as such because of what the defensive tackle has done for the Buffalo Bills this season - the former Huffman High School and Alabama standout has missed more than half the NFL team's games in 2016. Rather it was Dareus' efforts off the field that earned the recognition. Friday night was the latest example as Dareus held his annual Christmas party for 150 children and their families at the William-Emslie Family YMCA. "I remember growing up, and we went to places like the YMCA to receive a Christmas gift, too," Dareus said. "I'm grateful for those who looked out for me and my siblings. Now I'm more than happy to make it possible for lots of other less fortunate kids in the city to experience the same joy. I know it makes a difference and brings a brighter Christmas for them, too." Making the holidays memorable for families & children in the community with @marcelldareus pic.twitter.com/SRzbdeK8zF -- YMCA Buffalo Niagara (@YMCABuffNiag) December 24, 2016 Dareus added to the experience by dressing as Santa Claus, and Old St. Nick came with a $10,000 donation for the YMCA, too. Santa! I know him! @marcelldareus pic.twitter.com/XKxuDOz5Lg -- SwansonComm (@Swanson_Comm) December 24, 2016 Dareus was just one of the many professional athletes from Alabama's high schools and colleges involved in charitable events over the past month. Throughout the year, pro athletes with Alabama roots have found ways to give back to their communities through their foundations, in conjunction with their teams and via a variety of charitable organizations. But the month between Thanksgiving and Christmas is a focal point for the efforts of many of the pros. And Dareus wasn't the only one to go all the way by dressing as Santa. Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton wore a Santa suit - although without the white beard and with leather pants - as the former Auburn star made his third annual Surprise Santa Cam Sleigh ride. The Cam Newton Foundation and Food Lion Feeds joined to donate $30,000 and backpacks filled with food to the Barringer Academic Center in Charlotte, North Carolina. That was just one of the Surprise Sleigh's stops, though. The Silver Mount Emergency Food Pantry and the Bethlehem Center, which supports low-income children were visited, and Newton bought dinner for families at A Child's Place, which addresses homelessness issues, and took the youngsters shopping. In all, Santa Cam's run donated $100,000 in funds and gifts to charitable organizations in the Charlotte area. Four groups in Charlotte got the surprise of a lifetime. Meet Santa Cam: Also known as @Panthers QB @CameronNewton. pic.twitter.com/pzK6B2yqm7 -- The Players' Tribune (@PlayersTribune) December 23, 2016 "Everybody's already in the Christmas spirit, and I love that about this community," Newton said. "As far as the kids, I just want to show my face as much as I can when I get an opportunity to." Denver Broncos outside linebacker DeMarcus Ware also put on a Santa suit. First, though, he took YMCA kids shopping for the holiday while in his street clothes. A former Auburn High School and Troy standout, Ware then got to play Santa at the Broncos' annual party for the Boys and Girls Club of Metro Denver, where he dispensed coal to teammates and gifts to children. Thank you @DeMarcusWare & @jcpenney for helping @YMCAWyatt students have a Merry Christmas w/ shopping spree! @ymca pic.twitter.com/ezkZXnPDBx -- YMCA of Denver (@YMCA_Denver) December 7, 2016 #Santa - one of the most popular guys out there. So, I walked a few hrs in his shoes....not as easy as it looks [?] https://t.co/7m3uTQYVfj -- D-Ware (@DeMarcusWare) December 22, 2016 New York Giants strong safety Landon Collins, a former Alabama standout, was another Santa dresser, helping Modell's assist the Family Center. Sacramento Kings center DeMarcus Cousins held his fifth annual Santa Cuz event in California's capital city on Monday. The former LeFlore High School standout didn't dress as Santa Claus in the Kings' purple this year, but the event still gave 100 underprivileged children selected from five elementary schools $200 apiece to spend during a Christmas shopping spree. Cousins' mother coordinated a sister event in Cousins' hometown of Mobile last week. "There was one little girl who bought pampers for her baby sister," Cousins said. "It's a kid. You don't expect them to think about things like that. Another kid bought supplies for the house -- bed sheets, pillows, lamps. ... "It does (break my heart). But I'm also impressed at the same time. I appreciate it. We're good. We've got good kids coming up. It's impressive." Some of the charitable efforts are more focused. For example, New Orleans Saints running back Mark Ingram was out shopping last week with 36 children, who got $200 apiece to spend during a shopping spree at Academy. The event was sponsored by the Mark Ingram Foundation, which aims to help underprivileged children, especially those with an incarcerated parent. "The statistics are astronomical," the former Alabama star said. "If you have one or two parents in jail, you're at least 50 percent more likely to end up in jail. That's the main objective here -- to bring some love and joy to them and their families during the holidays. It's very important to me." Indianapolis Colts center Ryan Kelly, a rookie from Alabama, held a party for foster children as part of the Books For Youth program. Each child received a backpack full of books. "A lot of us didn't come from some of the struggling backgrounds that a lot of these kids come from," Kelly said. "So around Christmastime, a lot of those kids don't have those gifts under the tree or something like that. But what we can give them is backpacks full of books. You know, books where they might not be able to get to in the library, or something like that, but something they can read, expand their mind, keep them busy  and just push education." "Shop with a Jock" events were popular in the NFL this holiday season. Houston Texans cornerback Kareem Jackson, who played at Alabama, hosted one that took youngsters on a $100 shopping spree at Walmart. Carolina Panthers jack-of-all-trades Joe Webb, who played at Wenonah High School and UAB, also took youngsters shopping. .@JoeWebb_14 hosted his second-annual Holiday Shopping event with @TheRelativesInc this weekend in Charlotte! #KeepPounding pic.twitter.com/SJ4qKYfoP5 -- SportsTrust Advisors (@_SportsTrust) December 12, 2016 Former Alabama All-American Amari Cooper joined with the other Oakland Raiders wide receivers to provide Christmas bikes for children. The @RAIDERS @AmariCooper9 @KingCrab15 the rest of the WRs purchased bikes, helmets, locks so each recipient would have everything they need pic.twitter.com/oklDHBFBvl -- 95.7 The GAME (@957thegame) December 20, 2016 For former Baldwin County High School standout Wallace Gilberry, who also played at Alabama, bowling with Cincinnati Bengals teammate Adam Jones was the way to spread holiday cheer. Fans made donations to bowl on either Team Pacman or Team Gilberry, then the players made a $50 donation for each strike on the night, with the proceeds going to the Boys and Girls Club of Greater Cincinnati. "It's amazing because we're so blessed," Gilberry said, "and to be able to share the blessing, that's what it's all about." Toronto Raptors forward DeMarre Carroll spread his Christmas cheer to those with two and those with four legs. The former John Carroll High School star teamed with PetSmart Charities of Canada to help the Toronto Humane Society. "I've always had dogs," Carroll said. "Until you've lived with dogs, you can't really appreciate them." Carroll also helped feed the hungry at Good Shepherd Ministries in Toronto, which serves the homeless and disadvantaged. Huge shout out 2 @DeMarreCarroll1 + Chef Pino 4 don8ng 100 meals 2 feed the hungry 2night. Generosity in action. #TeamCarroll #WeTheNorth pic.twitter.com/PZlmoiYU43 -- GoodShepherd-Toronto (@goodshepherd_to) December 19, 2016 "It takes a few years to understand," the Birmingham native said, "but as a pro athlete, it's important to get involved. You can make an impact on people just by showing up and being there." Regional Scoreboard College Football | MLB | NFL © 2013 STATS LLC. All rights reserved. Active Discussions Most Read About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 23° Mostly cloudy High: 30° | Low: 5° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. Paul LePage President-elect Donald Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports New England Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Bruins Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Letters Posted December 25, 2016 increase font size Letter to the editor: Botanical Gardens article wrong about ‘controversy’ Share Comment Read Article My wife and I were dismayed to read the article “In Boothbay, controversy blooms in Botanical Gardens plan” (Maine Sunday Telegram, Page A1, Dec. 4). Unfortunately, this story contains misinformation and misconceptions. We have been members of the Coastal Maine Botanical Gardens since 2005 and have served as advisers and consultants. The Gardens has built strong community support through steady, responsible and sustainable growth and has created a world-class botanical garden, one of the top 10 botanical gardens in the U.S. and a powerful economic driver for the Boothbay region and the state of Maine. The expansion will not degrade Knickerbocker Lake. Coastal Maine Botanical Gardens has a Department of Environmental Protection-permitted and Environmental Protection Agency-guided plan that limits phosphorus runoff to one teaspoon per acre. This is 50 times less than runoff from existing residential development and town roads around the lake. Moreover, a well-designed septic system is located a half mile from the lake, and will not negatively impact the lake. The new parking is not a “massive” addition and will not resemble a Wal-Mart parking lot. The plan adds space for an additional 500 cars with a series of 12 terraced parking pods separated by dense native plantings. A “smart parking lot system,” new to Maine but popular in Europe, will control drainage and remove automotive pollutants from the septic discharge. Wetlands are not being recklessly filled in. Some “wetland areas” were created by improper road design by a previous developer over 20 years ago. Swales in the existing parking lot are also considered wetlands. One small wetland is an area of concern, and the Gardens has received DEP approval to replace this wetland space with a new natural area, thereby creating new ecological habitats and opportunities for wetland education. Orrin and Linda Shane Portland Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Recent Read Shared Gang leads spree killings against Brazilian inmates Commentary: For some players, the work has been as hard off the field as on Citizen organizes against possible development bond When shooting suspect returned from Iraq, 'it was like he lost his mind,' family says NFL playoff opponents must shrug off disappointments Maine DOT posts 90 job openings for snowplow drivers; will train LePage verifies marijuana vote, making possession of small amounts legal Jan. 30 Waldoboro man killed when pickup slams into plow truck on Maine Turnpike LePage says two companies may close over high energy costs, erasing 400 jobs In a year, you won't be able to board a plane with a Maine ID unless the state acts An Italian lawmaker wants to make it a crime for parents to feed their kids vegan diets These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Estefans to feed homeless as their music starts Macy's parade Solidarity Harvest corrals massive food drive to feed 8,000 Seaweed can help feed the world – but will we eat it? Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 25, 2016December 25, 2016 by Monika Donimirska 3 Great Income Stocks That Could Double Their Dividends Most income investors search for stocks based on yield alone, which can be a huge mistake. I’d argue that it is a far better strategy to look for dividend stocks that have strong earnings power and low payout ratios. Companies with those traits have the ability to meaningfully raise their dividend over time; that provides investors with a good shot at earning capital appreciation in addition to income. Knowing that, here’s a look at three dividend-paying stocks — Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ: GILD) , Synchrony Financial (NYSE: SYF) , and General Motors (NYSE: GM) — that are highly profitable and sport payout ratios below 20%. That implies that their dividends could rise substantially in the years ahead. Image source: Getty Images. Let Gilead Sciences pay you healthy income Concerns over falling sales of the company’s top-selling hepatitis C drugs Harvoni and Sovaldi have hit this stock hard. Shares have declined by more than 26% year to date, which has pulled the company’s price-to-earnings ratio all the way down to 7. One upshot to the falling share price is that Gilead’s dividend yield has been on the rise. The company only started paying out a dividend earlier this year, but the company’s yield has already been pushed above 2.4%. That figure easily surpasses the 2% yield that is offered by the S&P 500 overall. GILD data by YCharts . Better still, this healthy dividend only consumes 17% of Gilead’s earnings, implying that the company could more than double its dividend in the years ahead without breaking a sweat. Of course, it is also possible that Gilead could be a value trap at these levels, since revenue and earnings have been heading in reverse . If that trend continues indefinitely, then the slide will likely continue from here. Thankfully, Gilead’s lucrative HIV portfolio is still growing quickly, and the company also boasts more than 30 potential drugs in its pipeline. That offers investors hope that the company will eventually be able to return the top line to growth mode again. How Synchrony Financial’s modest dividend could grow You may not be familiar with the name “Synchrony Financial,” but the odds are decent that you might actually be one of the company’s customers and not even know it. In a former life, Synchrony was the consumer and business credit services arm of General Electric , but the company was spun out of its former parents in 2014. This company runs a private-label credit card network for the likes of Amazon.com , Wal-Mart , and dozens of other major retailers . Last year the company served more than 68 million customer accounts and financed $114 billion in total sales. Image source: Getty Images. Falling unemployment rates have been a boon to Synchrony’s business. Purchase volume and loan receivables continue to rise, which is driving top-line growth. Combining that with the company’s falling efficiency ratio and healthy share-repurchase program, earnings per share have consistently been on the rise. Earlier in the year, Synchrony also decided to turn on its dividend spigot by paying out $0.13 per share each quarter. When combined with the company’s low P/E, Synchrony offers up a solid 1.4% yield at current prices. However, its board clearly wanted to leave plenty of room for dividend growth from here, as the company’s payout ratio is only 19% of full-year earnings estimates. That figure implies that the company could easily double its dividends over the coming years without missing a beat. General Motors revs its engines Fears of peaking auto sales in North America have caused the markets to take a cautious approach to large auto stocks, including General Motors. Despite posting strong profit growth in recent years, GM’s stock has largely traded sideways. GM data by YCharts . While General Motors’ stock has been stuck in the mud, management is doing its best to pass on its financial success to shareholders. The company has been plowing billions into buybacks and dividends, which has pushed its dividend yield up to a tempting 4%. Better yet, that huge yield only consumes 17% of the company’s annual earnings, which implies that there is huge room for more increases from here. While the possibility of peak auto sales is a concern, GM could make up for any losses by pushing to become a big player in the fast-growing Chinese market. The company is also tackling Tesla Motors head-on with its innovative Chevy Bolt concept. These moves haven’t impressed Wall Street thus far, but income investors could be greatly rewarded by buying shares of GM today. 10 stocks we like better than Gilead Sciences When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Gilead Sciences wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7, 2016 Brian Feroldi owns shares of, and The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Gilead Sciences, and Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool recommends General Motors and Synchrony Financial. Like this article? Follow Brian on Twitter, where he goes by the handle @Longtermmindset , or connect with him on LinkedIn to see more articles like this. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks to Buy in January Next PostNext Oil &amp; Gas Stock Roundup: Optimism Continues to Grow (KOS, GST, PES, CRR, FMSA) Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded January 7, 2017 West Ham 0-5 Manchester City: Yaya Toure, David Silva and Sergio Aguero score as Pep Guardiola's men earn rampant win in FA Cup third round January 7, 2017 Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams at this year's AFI Awards January 7, 2017 Beat poet David Meltzer dead at age 79 January 7, 2017 Jedward make explosive return to the Celebrity Big Brother 2017 house January 7, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
