Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Napco Security Technologies (NSSC) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.25 Newpark Resources (NR) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.30 Oppenheimer Holdings (OPY) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect Nuveen Premiumome Municipal Fund (NPI) Share Price Nike (NKE) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.15 National Grid plc (NGG) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.09 Brokerages Set Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) PT at $112.60 NRG Yield, Inc. Class C (NYLD) Receives $20.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Signature Bank (SBNY) Receives $171.70 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Analysts Set Bloomin' Brands Inc (BLMN) PT at $20.25 BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC Has $456,000 Stake in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Greenwoods Asset Management Ltd Invests $4.06 Million in ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc (ZTO) Yanzhou Coal Mining Co Ltd (YZC) Position Maintained by Segantii Capital Management Ltd Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Shares Bought by Symphony Asset Management LLC Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Sells 17,728 Shares of Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) CRH Medical Corp (CRHM) Stake Held by Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC Dai Ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd Has $204,000 Position in Xylem Inc (XYL) Dixon Hubard Feinour & Brown Inc. VA Boosts Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Alleghany Co. (Y) Stake Boosted by State of Wisconsin Investment Board Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Held by JFS Wealth Advisors LLC June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JFS Wealth Advisors LLC continued to hold its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 12,502 shares of the retailer’s stock at the end of the first quarter. JFS Wealth Advisors LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $864,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of WMT. Fred Alger Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 2.1% in the fourth quarter. Fred Alger Management Inc. now owns 29,172 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,016,000 after buying an additional 599 shares during the period. Payden & Rygel boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 12.1% in the third quarter. Payden & Rygel now owns 141,520 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $10,206,000 after buying an additional 15,300 shares during the period. Sigma Planning Corp boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 7.4% in the third quarter. Sigma Planning Corp now owns 28,148 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,030,000 after buying an additional 1,950 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 3,251,918 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $224,773,000 after buying an additional 35,845 shares during the period. Finally, Cohen Lawrence B boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the first quarter. Cohen Lawrence B now owns 6,050 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $436,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the period. 29.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) traded up 1.54% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $79.81. 8,153,099 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $242.22 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.12 and a beta of 0.09. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $76.23 and a 200-day moving average of $71.38. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12 month low of $65.28 and a 12 month high of $79.81. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. Wal-Mart Stores’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.98 EPS. Analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Held by JFS Wealth Advisors LLC” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stake-held-by-jfs-wealth-advisors-llc.html. WMT has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Bank of America Corp reissued a “buy” rating and set a $88.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Vetr raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.31 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, March 27th. KeyCorp reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $90.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “sell” rating and set a $67.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. Wal-Mart Stores has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $78.31. In related news, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 2,576,324 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.65, for a total transaction of $202,627,882.60. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $530,775,817. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total transaction of $211,500,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $740,752,453.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 13,259,726 shares of company stock valued at $1,016,472,206. 51.55% of the stock is owned by insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
59.0° Sections News News Home Local State Nation and World Community Lifestyle eEdition Sports Sports Home Preps Professional Bears Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest College Records Obituaries Births Police/Fire Birthdays Corrections Opinion Opinion Home Cartoons Editorials Letters Columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Home Books Deals Eat/Drink Events Movies Music Sauk Scene Technology Television The List Travel Share Submit an Event Contact Us About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Contests Coupons e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Get Newsletter Photos Planit Sauk Valley Public Notices Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads txtAlerts Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Video Weather More Pro Football Weekly Photos and Lists Today's Ads Video News Video Live Video Photo Store Cars815.com Public Notices Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access saukvalley.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Local news, prep sports, Chicago sports, local and regional entertainment, business, home and lifestyle, food, classified and more! News you use every day! Daily, Daily including the e-Edition or e-Edition only. Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports scores, school closings, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from SaukValley.com, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign up for free e-newsletters today. Sign Up Online Newspaper SectionsSubscribe Nation & World Walmart testing delivery of online orders by store employees By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics Writer 9:14 pm BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) – In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Related Links Walmart testing delivery of online orders by store employees John Deere buying German road construction equipment maker Longtime local business owner, pet advocate, Mark Knie dies Conagra Brands sells Wesson brand for $285M to Smucker Amazon’s stock crosses $1,000 mark amid Wall Street love fest Tweets from https://twitter.com/saukvalley/lists/svm-news-sports-staff Reader Poll Donald Trump has been president for about 100 days. How would you rate his performance so far? Excellent Good Average Fair Poor Vote!Show results AboutContactSubscribe Privacy PolicyEditorial Principles Today's AdsCareersCopyright © 2017 SaukValley.com. All rights reserved. Published in Sterling, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football O-Wrap: Cop assaulted in HWT...Hot hurricane season...Robot taxi passengers could be charged 7:00 pm New programme has Wal-Mart workers making home deliveries 8:00 pm Windies looking to dominate minnows 7:30 pm First Belizean sworn in as CCJ judge 7:15 pm C'bean Parliamentarians urged to scale up action against HIV and AIDS 6:30 pm Venezuela prosecutor takes on govt over crisis reforms 6:00 pm New programme has Wal-Mart workers making home deliveries Thursday, June 01, 2017 Tweet NEW YORK, United States (AFP) — Want something from Wal-Mart? Employees may soon bring it right to your doorstep.The company said Thursday it was testing a program under which store employees will deliver goods to consumers on their way home, as it competes for business with Amazon and other online retailers. Wal-Mart said the program, launched in three test stores in the United States with an eye towards broader use, would be voluntary for employees, who would earn extra money for packages delivered. "Associates are fully in control of their experience," said Wal-Mart US eCommerce chief executive Marc Lore in a blog post. "If they don't want to participate, they don't have to." "Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they're able to make deliveries after work – it's completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time." Lore described the initiative as a potential "game-changer" because the chain's vast scale could enable it to make deliveries more quickly to consumers. Wal-Mart, the world's biggest retailer, has 4,700 stores across the country, with its stores within 10 miles (16 kilometres) of 90 per cent of the US population. The initiative will begin at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. The programs comes as Wal-Mart continues to beef up its e-commerce business, which is still small compared with market leader Amazon, which accounts for about 43 per cent of US online sales, according to consultancy Slice Intelligence. But Wal-Mart has invested heavily in e-commerce in recent years. E-commerce sales surged 63 per cent and merchandise volume saw a 69 per cent jump in the first quarter. However, company officials say e-commerce is still a relatively small part of overall sales. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Not true! 'All of us would have to die before we could claim' US governors form climate club, defying Trump Stop misleading the public, DPP tells critics Llewellyn says 40-odd cases referred to her office are not corruption matters Repairs to begin on worst-affected Clarendon bridges Jamaica disappointed with Trump's Paris deal decision Trump announces US withdrawal from Paris climate deal Cop concerned as 'small' disputes turn deadly in St Ann Opposition against 'wholesale' ganja use TT calls for removal of OAS Secretary General over Venezuela issue Child Month ends with prayers Missing case file a major issue as Patrick Powell goes on trial Today's Horoscope - June 2 Debate on Building Bill to start Tuesday Paulwell voluntarily discloses financial dealings US cities and states defy Trump, embrace climate pact New programme has Wal-Mart workers making home deliveries First Belizean sworn in as CCJ judge O-Wrap: Cop assaulted in HWT...Hot hurricane season...Robot taxi passengers could be charged C'bean Parliamentarians urged to scale up action against HIV and AIDS ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Prescott eNews  |   Chino Valley eNews  |    Prescott Valley eNews    |   eNewsAZ |   QUAD POD Home News Current News KQNA News Community Prescott Valley Chino Valley Yavapai County Events Aviation: Fly Prescott Community Calendar Submit an Event Education Education News Prescott Schools Embry-Riddle ( ERAU) Guidance Aviation Yavapai College Prescott College Northpoint Features Columnists Mountain Gardener In-Home Care Auto Corner On Sale This Week Mile High Show Health Watch Politics Opinion Real Estate News & Info Sports College Sports High School Sports Pro Sports Business & Tech Business News Business Intelligence Reports Business Profiles Marketing Minute Non-Profits Pet Organizations Big Brothers Big Sisters Home News Current News KQNA News Community Prescott Valley Chino Valley Yavapai County Events Aviation: Fly Prescott Community Calendar Submit an Event Education Education News Prescott Schools Embry-Riddle ( ERAU) Guidance Aviation Yavapai College Prescott College Northpoint Features Columnists Mountain Gardener In-Home Care Auto Corner On Sale This Week Mile High Show Health Watch Politics Opinion Real Estate News & Info Sports College Sports High School Sports Pro Sports Business & Tech Business News Business Intelligence Reports Business Profiles Marketing Minute Non-Profits Pet Organizations Big Brothers Big Sisters Celebration Friday: It's National Donut Day! Featured font size + – 02 June 2017   Lynne LaMaster It’s the one day of the year we all can – and should! – celebrate together: National Donut Day! Donut Day - aka, Doughnut Day - has a fascinating story behind it, which you can read below. But, first, let’s share the celebration opportunities around town. Fry’s Food Stores is starting the celebration early, offering one dozen donuts for just $2.99 on both Thursday and Friday.  Prescott Donut Factory Want to support a Mom’n’Pop store? Check out the Prescott Donut Factory on Iron Springs Road.  They are offering their delicious, homemade donuts for just $.99 each or a dozen for $9.95. In addition, if kids come in, they can enter a free drawing to win some awesome donut-y swag, including t-shirts, a mug, a backpack, socks and more.  WalMart is offering one free donut per customer on Friday, but the recommendation is to go early to get it. “We run out really quick,” the WalMart bakery lady said.  Safeway? Bah! They have no special offers, although they do have the standard donut holes for $5 per container.  Mortimer’s Donuts One more local offer to tell you about: Mortimer’s Farms.  I ate so many of these, I lost count. Now, I’ll be honest. I like donuts, but they’re not my very favorite thing ever. If I had to choose between a donut and chocolate cake, well, the cake would probably win. I’d never say I was addicted to donuts or anything like that, except…  Mortimer’s Donuts. Are. Amazing. My husband and I attended the Adult Easter Egg Hunt in April at Mortimer’s. They had a long table laid out with appetizer-type food like chips and dip, deviled eggs and more. I remember it was quite delicious, and my husband and I enjoyed ourselves immensely.  But, at the end of the table were piles of donuts. Fresh, wonderful, homemade donuts. Everything else they served was obscured by those stupendous donuts. I don’t know how many I ate, I lost count. If they had served medium rare ribeye steak and lobster next to the donuts, it wouldn’t have mattered, I would have been blinded by the sight of those round little delicacies.  Okay, so I know it takes a bit of a scenic drive to get to Mortimer’s Farm. It’s all the way out in Dewey. But, it’s so worth it. Trust me. It’s worth every mile, yes, every single mile. And no, Mortimer’s is not paying me to write this. If they did, I’d insist on being paid in donuts, just for the record. I am simply telling you the truth, these babies are addictive.  I called Mortimer’s and asked if they were celebrating Donut Day. You’re in luck, because the answer was, “Yes!”  Here’s the deal they’re offering - buy 6 donuts, get 6 free.  To be honest with you, twelve might not be enough. You should plan to purchase two dozen, especially if you have to share. But, take the drive. You’ll be glad you did.  Phoenix Metro Area Doughnut Deals If you happen to be in the Phoenix metro area, you’ve got lots of options. Dunkin’ Donuts is offering a free donut with the purchase of any beverage. Fractured Prune Doughnuts will give you a free OC Sand doughnut just for coming in, no purchase required. Krispy Kreme Doughnuts is also offering a freebie donut with no purchase required. The story behind National Doughnut Day You might be surprised to learn that National Donut Day started way back in 1938 as a fund raiser for The Salvation Army in Chicago. The idea was to help those in need during the Great Depression and also to honor the Salvation Army ‘Lassies’ in WWI who served donuts to soldiers. After sending a fact-finding team to France, the Salvation Army realized that US enlisted men could be supported by canteens/social centers called “huts”. These huts would serve baked goods, provide writing supplies and stamps and help with mending clothes. Each hut had about six staff volunteers, including women who could “mother” the boys who were so far away from home.  Unfortunately, the huts encountered difficulties in delivering the fresh baked goods, and two Salvation Army volunteers, Ensign Margaret Sheldon and Adjutant Helen Purviance came up with the idea of offering doughnuts instead, which were an instant hit. As a matter of fact, Sheldon described one of her typical days, “Today I made 22 pies, 300 doughnuts, 700 cups of coffee.”  The hut volunteers became known as “Doughnut Girls,” or “Doughnut Dollies”. Can’t get enough donuts on Donut Day? Well, no worries. This is just the beginning. June 8: International Jelly-Filled Doughnut Day September 14: National Cream-Filled Doughnut Day October 30: Buy a Doughnut Day Why the Marines Celebrate their very own Donut Day We’ll end on a humorous note. Some Marines celebrate their own National Donut Day on the same day as the Marine Corps’ Birthday. The US Naval Institute relays this story from the wife of a Vietnam POW: "In September 1969, after Orson had been a prisoner three very hard years (the early years were by far the worst) Ho Chi Minh died. Orson was at Son Tay with about 55 other men. One day in October he was called in for an interrogation… which he said was more of an “English lesson” for the interrogator as opposed to one of the beatings they received when Ho Chi Minh was calling the shots. The interrogator began by bragging about his country and its 4,000 year history and belittling the USA… saying, “Your country is very young, it doesn’t even have very many heroes or holidays.” Knowing that the Marine Corps birthday was coming up on November the 10, Orson began to spin a story……. "He pretended to take umbrage, saying… “No, no, no…. you are quite wrong… we have many holidays in our country, as a matter of fact, one is coming up very soon. There will be festivals and children will dress up in costumes and it’s very important to us.” The interrogator became interested so Orson proceeded that it was called, “National Donut Day”…. "Before you can really appreciate this you need a bit of background. Before Ho Chi Minh’s death, the prisoners were practically starved to death. They were eating nothing but rice and swamp grass soup (as they call it) and sometimes pumpkin soup. Orson says they estimated that he went down to a little as 120 pounds… At shoot down he was something like 175 and 6’2”. So this is unbelievably thin. The men were hungry all the time. Very hungry. About twice a year they would get what they considered an incredible treat… it was noting more than old French bread.. that had become hard and moldy, but the cooks would deep fry it and roll it in sugar and the prisoners called the result “sticky buns” and to them it was mana from heaven…. "So when explaining National Donut Day, Orson told his interrogator that “Donuts are a lot like your sticky buns… they are sweet bread, and on National Donut Day everyone has one…. or more of them.” Not sure what the outcome might be, Orson was sent back to his cell, where he immediately started tapping through the wall to all the other POWs saying…”Hey guys, you gotta back me up. I just invented a new holiday and if they find out I was pulling their leg, there will be hell to pay — tell all the guards that National Donut Day is on November 10 — don’t let me down! Pass it on!” A few weeks went by, and to everyone’s great surprise, on November 10 the prisoners at Son Tay prison — known for being one of the worst —and also for the failed rescue attempt — were served sticky buns and — Orson was the hero of the day!" Tweet K2_TAGGED Doughnuts donuts National Donut Day Prescott Donut Factory Mortimer's Family Farm Lynne LaMaster Latest from Lynne LaMaster Arizona Wildfires Continue to Burn Moisture Creeps Across Northern Arizona Prescott Fire Department Holds Badge Pinning and Promotional Ceremony It's Official: Mary Beth Hrin's Campaign Starts Strong Connie Cantelme Officially Enters the Race for City Council Related items A-Mazing Corn Maze and Pumpkin Fest at Mortimers Join the 10,000+ others and subscribe to the newsletter. Get all latest news Newsletter Sign-Up! For Email Newsletters you can trust. ADVERTISING Contact Advertising What Makes US Different SUBMIT Contact Editor Submit Press Release Letter to Editor Editorial Guidelines Submit Article DIGITAL SERVICE Marketing Consulting Contact Digital Services Online Advertising Social Media Marketing Website Development Search Engine Optimization ABOUT Privacy Policy Careers & Jobs Leadership & Staff About Us All content copyright © 2007-2017 by PrescotteNews & may not be republished or reproduced without written permission. All Rights Reserved.
Share 16 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-01 Netflix CEO Reed Hastings Going Stir-Crazy, Thinks Company Needs More Failures [Opinion] Entertainment 2017-06-01 Ed Sheeran And James Corden Tease New ‘Carpool Karaoke’ On ‘The Late Late Show’ Entertainment 2017-06-01 Lisa Kudrow: Sexist Secrets From The Set Of ‘Friends’ And ‘Romy And Michele’ Entertainment 2017-06-01 John Legend Wants ‘Underground’ Revived, Says He ‘Feels Ariana Grande’s Pain’ After Manchester News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-02 Illinois Senate Passes Trampoline Bill Instead Of State Budget News 2017-06-01 Disney CEO Bob Iger Resigns From President’s Advisory Council After Exit From Paris Accord News 2017-06-01 Newborn Baby Dies After Los Angeles Woman Gives Birth Following Car Crash, Police Arrest DUI Driver News 2017-06-01 Hollywood Bowl: Bomb Scare At Dead & Company Show Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Soccer 2017-06-01 Cristiano Ronaldo Vs Lionel Messi? Real Madrid Star Finally Opens Up About His Relationship With Barcelona Ace Basketball 2017-06-01 Savannah Brinson Pictures: Wife Of LeBron James Gives Intimate Glimpse Into Their Private Life Wrestling 2017-06-01 WWE Rumors: ‘Extreme Rules’ 2017 Results Spoilers Revealed By Latest Betting Odds, Surprise Fatal 5-Way Winner Wrestling 2017-06-01 CM Punk Offered $1 Million To Return To The Wrestling Ring — Ryback Comments On The Deal Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-30 Outrage Over Pregnancy Test Shaming: Supermarket Forces Women To Ask Permission To Buy Pregnancy Tests [Opinion] Lifestyle 2017-05-25 National Wine Day: Quotes, GIFs, Recipes, And More Lifestyle 2017-05-24 Memorial Day 2017: Freebies, Discounts, Deals, & More Lifestyle 2017-05-21 Tired Of Being Single? Embrace ‘Sologamy’ And Marry Yourself Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-30 Depressed? Stay Off Instagram Or Use New Relieved App Instead Health 2017-05-27 Lazarus Syndrome Cases Grossly Underreported, Some Scientists Suggest Passive Monitoring After Death Health 2017-05-26 Penis Transplant In South Africa Gives Patient The Right Organ With The Wrong Color Health 2017-05-25 Magic Mushrooms Are ‘Safest’ Recreational Drug Says New Study, But How Safe Are They? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-01 Nintendo Delays Switch Online Paid Service To 2018, Changes Classic Game Service Policy And Shares Pricing Gaming 2017-06-01 Ubisoft Teases E3 2017 Reveals Of ‘Assassin’s Creed’, New Franchise, And More Gaming 2017-06-01 ‘Minecraft’ Discovery Update Hits Pocket And Win 10 Editions, Adds Marketplace, Mansions, And More Gaming 2017-06-01 ‘The Lost Arcade’: A Documentary For Gamers [Opinion] BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-01 Walmart Set To Release Jelly Donut Oreos This Weekend In A Sweet Ode To National Donut Day BuzzWorthy 2017-06-01 Is the First Lady Getting Fashion Revenge On The American Fashion Designers Who Refused To Dress Her? BuzzWorthy 2017-06-01 Convicted Serial Killer Karla Homolka Volunteered At Her Kids’ Elementary School, Other Parents Furious BuzzWorthy 2017-06-01 Will Melania And Barron Trump Move To The White House On June 7, 2017? ‘In The Coming Weeks,’ Says White House SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Walmart Set To Release Jelly Donut Oreos This Weekend In A Sweet Ode To National Donut Day BuzzWorthy 16 0 0 June 1, 2017 Walmart Set To Release Jelly Donut Oreos This Weekend In A Sweet Ode To National Donut Day Kathryn Cook The best day of the year is almost upon us and companies around the country are doing everything they can to prepare the first Friday in June, which just so happens to be known as National Donut Day. It’s by far the the sweetest holiday in existence. And while many donut giants like Krispy Kreme and Dunkin’ Donuts are giving away freebies to customers, Oreo is taking somewhat of a different approach. Since the popular cookie retailer doesn’t include a traditional donut in their lineup of sweet goodies, they decided to give consumers the best of both worlds by unveiling one of their most innovative creations to date — the Jelly Donut Oreo. That’s right, it’s like an Oreo and donut had a love child. The unique creation is comprised of two golden Oreo cookies on the outside with a custard ring and raspberry filled center on the inside, resembling the ever so popular, yet classic jelly-filled donut. But there’s one catch — according to People Magazine, you can only purchase the Jelly Oreo Donut exclusively at Walmart stores starting this weekend. And even though Walmart isn’t giving away the cookies for free, they’re pretty reasonable at just $2.98 for a pack of 36. That’s just enough Oreos to tide you over while binging on your favorite Netflix show this weekend. A post shared by OREO (@oreo) on Sep 8, 2014 at 7:35am PDT Just last year, Walmart customers were asked to take a poll to help the retailer choose which Oreo the store would carry in 2017. The three choices included Cookies & Cream, Caramel Apple, and of course, the Jelly Donut Oreo. Believe it or not, the Cookies & Cream Oreo won the competition but Walmart decided to release the second place Jelly Donut Oreo to the public anyways. Thank goodness for us. Not surprisingly, Oreo enthusiasts took to Twitter to express their excitement over Oreo’s newest release. One user referred to the newest Oreo as “lit”. “Omg check this…a jelly donut Oreo… cookies that taste like donuts…its lit now.” Another user called Oreo’s latest cookie a great pairing with milk. “How do you make Oreos an even better match with milk? Jelly Donut flavored Oreos! #OhYeah” A post shared by OREO (@oreo) on Mar 25, 2016 at 7:12am PDT Oreo is no stranger to creating out-of-the-box cookies. Some of their past and present flavors include Red Velvet, Mint Creme, Lemon, Birthday Cake, Peanut Butter Cup, and Strawberry Shortcake just to name a few. And of course this Easter, the U.S. was blessed with Peep Oreos, which created a buzz for unique reasons. Many people claimed on social media that the bright pink filling in the Peep Oreos was turning their stools pink. That’s right, it goes in like an Oreo and comes out like a dyed pastel egg. Needless to say, the jokes on Twitter were highly entertaining. “My roommate ate a whole pack of oreo Peeps and left a pink stain in the toilet.” Other users claimed that the Oreo also dyed their tongues pink, making it very hard to remove the stain while brushing. “I tried Peep flavored Oreos yesterday. I’ve now brushed my teeth and tongue 6 times and they’re still pink. Is this just my life now?” But if Oreos aren’t your thing and you still want to celebrate National Donut Day, you can check our your local donut shop for sweet deals. As the Inquisitr reported before, tons of donut retailers are participating in National Donut Day including Krispy Kreme, who plans to give customers a free donut, with no other purchase required. Should you choose to go to Dunkin’ Donuts instead, they’re offering a free classic donut with the purchase of any beverage. How sweet it is to be alive at a time like this! [Featured Image by Nick Lundgren/Shutterstock] Share 16 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Kathryn Cook Tags: jelly donut oreo, nabisco, oreo, national donut day June 1, 2017 ‘The Flash’ Season 4 Villain Revealed — Discover Who ‘The Thinker’ Is June 1, 2017 Justin Trudeau To POTUS: Paris Agreement Not About ‘Huge Economic Opportunities’ But Cleaner, Healthier Planet Comments LATEST HEADLINES Is Taylor Swift Dating Joe Alwyn? Insiders Reveal New Details On Pop Star’s Secret Romance [Rumors] Illinois Senate Passes Trampoline Bill Instead Of State Budget See Megyn Kelly In Sexy Dress And Platform Heels Chatting With Vladimir Putin Resorts World Manila Attack: Gunman Commits Suicide, Robbery Not Terrorism ‘Fear The Walking Dead’ Season 3 Premiere Opens With Several Main Characters Captured By A New Group Cristiano Ronaldo Vs Lionel Messi? Real Madrid Star Finally Opens Up About His Relationship With Barcelona Ace ‘Playboy’ Model Dani Mathers Claims She’s Received Death Threats Following Body Shaming Debacle Are You A Fan Of ‘Game Of Thrones’? Well, Harvard Now Offers A Class ‘Dragon Ball Super’ Episode 94: Sidra Tries To Destroy Frieza As Trunks/Goten Sit In For Android 17 Savannah Brinson Pictures: Wife Of LeBron James Gives Intimate Glimpse Into Their Private Life Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories ‘Little People, Big World’: Zach And Tori Roloff Confirm Baby Jackson Has Dwarfism [Update] 19.9k 0 0 Odd Trump Tweet About #Covfefe Goes Viral, And Comics Like James Corden Add To Hilarity [Updated] 18.5k 0 0 Hello Nurse! ‘Animaniacs’ Reboot Returns Pinky And The Brain And Other Warner Characters To TV 19.9k 0 0 Study Shows Smokeless Cigarettes May Cause More Cancer Than Ordinary Cigarettes, And Philip Morris Isn’t Happy 12.3k 0 0 Hillary Clinton And Donald Trump Take Shots At Each Other On Twitter 10.3k 0 0 Roger Waters Brings Powerful Anti-Trump Message On New Tour, Offending Some Fans 79.8k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Store-to-door deliveries by Wal-Mart employees raises insurance liability question California-based cannabis testing lab plans to open an office in Arkansas UA startup team Grox Industries wins business plan competition in Las Vegas Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate Fort Smith acknowledges improperly claimed waste recycling credits to ADEQ Paul Spencer eyeing Democratic challenge to U.S. Rep. French Hill Great Arkansas Treasure Hunt adds new cash assets for claim Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate Fort Smith acknowledges improperly claimed waste recycling credits to ADEQ Metro Appliances opens new location in Lowell Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul U.S. Rep. Hill focused on financing secrecy in oversight role Rep. Collins thinks gun policy right where it needs to be, Rep. Blake wants more exemptions Lt. Gov. Tim Griffin says Special Counsel on Russia not a ‘witch hunt’ Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Store-to-door deliveries by Wal-Mart employees raises insurance liability question BusinessLatest News by Michael Tilley (mtilley@talkbusiness.net) 6 hours ago 51 views  Tags: Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart execs were unclear on how they will – or have – resolve potential insurance liability problems in their plan to use store employees to deliver online orders from stores to a customer’s door. The Bentonville-based retailer announced Thursday (June 1) it has piloted a program in three stores – one in Northwest Arkansas and two in New Jersey – for about four weeks in which online orders at Jet.com and Walmart.com are delivered from a store to a home or business. Employees may choose the days they want to deliver, the size and weight of the packages and how many deliveries they want to make. Wal-Mart has created an algorithm that overlaps employee addresses with delivery destinations on customer orders. The company said an employee will not be asked to drive out of their way to deliver a package. Wal-Mart said it will pay employees extra for the work, and also said it will work within overtime rules. “Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates. Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way. It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer,” Walmart U.S. e-commerce CEO Marc Lore noted in a statement. If the program is expanded, it could put thousands of Wal-Mart employees on the road each day making deliveries for Wal-Mart. An accident in which the employee is at fault would be just a matter of time. Marty Clark, president of BHC Insurance which has offices in Northwest Arkansas and is based in Fort Smith, said personal auto insurance policies typically have a “business use exclusion” which would force Walmart U.S. employees who participate in the program to obtain a commercial auto policy. “And that’s more expensive” for the employee, Clark noted. The issue of auto liability as it relates to performing a service is not new, Clark said, adding that Wal-Mart lawyers and execs have plenty of examples of what can go wrong. “There are a lot of problems with services like Uber that the insurance industry has struggled with. … Those problems have been very publicly documented, so I would think they (Wal-Mart) would be aware of all the pitfalls,” Clark said. He also said Wal-Mart is “very sophisticated … and may have figured out how to deal with that (liability) question, but in my view of what I know about this is that it could place a lot of liability on the driver, on that employee.” Talk Business & Politics asked Wal-Mart for details as to how liability might be handled. Following was the only response: “Eligible associates must be 18 or older, have a valid driver’s license and proof of insurance. They must also pass a background check which includes a Motor Vehicle Records (MVR) check.” In addition to potential costly liability exposure to the employee and Wal-Mart, Clark also said the retailer will need a process to ensure the employee maintains the insurance. “How do you know when that 25-year old driver forgets to pay his premiums … and doesn’t tell Wal-Mart about it, and it just cancels out in the middle of the year?” Clark explained. Clark, whose company insures pharmacies and other businesses that operate a fleet for home deliveries, suggested a better way for Wal-Mart to handle store-to-door deliveries. “It would be a much cleaner way … from an insurance angle, if Wal-Mart not only employed the driver, but with a Wal-Mart vehicle and assumed all the liability.” Comments comments Previous post Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty Next post Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Latest Popular Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ 6 hours ago Store-to-door deliveries by Wal-Mart employees raises insurance liability question 6 hours ago Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty 8 hours ago Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate 9 hours ago Fort Smith acknowledges improperly claimed waste recycling credits to ADEQ 9 hours ago Annual meeting entertainment rooted in Sam Walton’s desire for a good time 1,985 views Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers 1,706 views Startups to Watch: Chef Shuttle bought by Minneapolis-based Bite Squad 1,346 views The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks 1,252 views Ernest Hemingway’s refuge in Northeast Arkansas continues to attract visitors 903 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
× Please Subscribe to Continue Reading. Become a digital subscriber today and enjoy unlimited access to the Omaha World-Herald anytime, anywhere. If you are a 7-day print subscriber, unlimited digital access is included in your subscription and you simply need to set up an online account. If you need help, please contact our office at 1-844-311-9811 or email owhdigital@ggl.bhmginc.com. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Digital only subscription Sign up now for a digital only subscription to omaha.com for just $9.95 a month.  As a digital only subscriber you have access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper. $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for non 7 day print subscribers Upgrade your less than 7 day World-Herald print subscription now for access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper for just $9.95 per month.   $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for 7 day print subscribers Full access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper is available at no charge to 7 day print subscribers.  Free access for current print subscribers Get Started Interested in a print subscription that includes digital access? Click here × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 68° Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics 2017 Omaha election Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone NebHSRecruiting.com The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Dining reviews Food Prowl: Omaha's best Living The Better Half Momaha Good News Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Fitness Nutrition Sex & Relationships Health Inspiration Meet Me at the Gym Race photos Live Well Nebraska Magazine Live Well Challenge Race calendar Consumer Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials Bellevue Leader Gretna Breeze Papillion Times Ralston Recorder In The Game World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Search job listings Join the BH Media Team Inside Business Legal & Public Notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 68° Clear Omaha, NE (68102) Today Sunshine along with some cloudy intervals. High 89F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight A mostly clear sky. Low near 65F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: June 2, 2017 @ 12:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join the BH Media Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe Home ePaper Obits Close THE ASSOCIATED PRESS People walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart is testing program that uses employees to deliver online orders as they drive home Jun 1, 2017 Updated 6 hrs ago (…) THE ASSOCIATED PRESS People walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company said. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers labor union. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional bricks-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More information Walmart's strategy to compete with Amazon: Acquiring established online retailers  like Omaha’s Hayneedle Acquiring online retailers like Omaha’s Hayneedle is part of Walmart’s strategy to compete with Amazon Amazon hits $1,000 a share for the first time, giving it a market value double that of Walmart Online sales up, but in-store struggles continue for Target Tags Walmart Commerce Economics Employee Delivery Company Store Worker Ravi Jariwala Package Amazon Featured Businesses Margarita`s Mexican Restaurant 4915 S 72nd St, Omaha, NE 68127 402-393-7515 Ernie's In Ceresco 318 S. 2nd Street, Ceresco, NE 68017 402-665-3151 Dubliner Pub 1205 Harney St, Omaha, NE 68102 402-342-5887 Currently Open afloat: mind + body wellness 4131 S 84th St, Omaha, NE 68127 402-991-9908 Marriott Omaha Downtown at the Capitol District 222 North 10th Street, Omaha, NE 68102 531-205-7354 B & G Tasty Foods 7900 W Dodge Rd, Omaha, NE 68114 402-390-6096 In case you missed it Gordmans will face plenty of competition as it converts into an off-price retailer Millard's Lumberyard District sees dramatic transformation into space for offices, retail and apartments Omaha-based Gavilon still faces an oversupply of grain from record 2016 harvest Cabela's quietly sought sale before investor push; Jim Cabela tried to keep HQ in Sidney Future of shopping malls is more promising than you might think, industry executives say Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Thousands attend tour of bright, colorful Buffett Cancer Center Replay: May 30 Warren Watch chat Coca-Cola gives money from Cherry Coke sales during Berkshire weekend to Buffett's grade school alma mater Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper TV Listings Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion ePaper Full site index Buy & sell Autos, Cars, New & Used Vehicles Classifieds Daily Deal Omaha FindIt Real Estate & Homes in Omaha Jobs Omaha, Employment Legal notices Weekly ads Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join the BH Media Team Omaha.com, Omaha, Neb. ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
» · Trump · DonaldTrump · Republicans · ClimateChange · Democrats · GOP · Resistance · Russia · Environment · Elections · election · trumprussia · Politics · HealthCare · Community · Progressives · Populists · TeaParty · Vote · GOTV · covfefe · 2018 · ParisAgreement · jaredkushner · VladimirPutin · Media · 2017 · GlobalWarming · Climate · vote2018 Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign if you agree: Suspend Jared Kushner's security clearance Jared Kushner, Donald Trump's son-in-law and one of his senior advisers, is now considered a “subject of interest” by the FBI... Sign the petition: Elect the president by national popular vote Donald Trump has won the presidency after narrowly carrying a few states to put him above 270 electoral votes. But... Sign the petition: Don't mess with Social Security! Donald Trump campaigned on protecting Social Security and Medicare, but like most Trump scams we are already seeing that... See All 9 Campaigns » Daily Kos Labor Queue Stream Members Following Profile Walmart's new package delivery plan: Its workers can drop your order off on their way home By Laura Clawson   Thursday Jun 01, 2017 · 12:22 PM PDT 2017/06/01 · 12:22 156 Comments Share this article 106 106 106 Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS Labor Recommended Walmart Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History No history yet. Done Editing Tags 156 Comments Share this article 106 106 106 Walmart has a totally great, in no way open to abuse, new way to compete with Amazon: it’ll just have its in-store workers deliver packages on their way home from work. “Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. “There is really strong overlap between where are associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” Management claims this is a great new thing for workers: The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. [...] The program is voluntary for Walmart employees, Jariwala said, adding that they can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app. They can also set size and weight limits on packages. If there are not enough employees to deliver packages, Jariwala said carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said. “This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift.” And no manager ever retaliated against a worker for not participating in a supposedly voluntary program. And we can completely believe that Walmart will make the additional pay for deliveries fair to workers. Walmart has earned our trust like that with its stellar treatment of workers in its stores, right? Yeah, right. Right now this is a pilot program in three stores, but wait until it becomes a widespread practice—smart money says the abuse stories will start rolling in pretty quickly. 156 Comments Share this article 106 106 106 156 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes
Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Seen on WBRC FOX6 News Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings Plan Your Evening News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features Fugitive Finder Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 2017-06-02T04:24:12Z2017-06-02T04:24:12Z By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics Writer BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) - In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home - what the industry refers to as the "last mile" - "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Clinton: Trump unleashed 'dangerous' level of hate Clinton: Trump unleashed 'dangerous' level of hate Posted: Friday, June 2 2017 2:59 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:59:04 GMT Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 2:59 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:59:04 GMT Hillary Clinton says President Donald Trump's White House could be doing "lasting damage" to U.S. institutions.More >> Hillary Clinton says President Donald Trump's White House could be doing "lasting damage" to U.S. institutions.More >> 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire Posted: Friday, June 2 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:58:31 GMT Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:58:31 GMT Witnesses say gunshots and explosions have been heard at a mall, casino and hotel complex near Manila's international airport in the Philippine capital.More >> Witnesses say gunshots and explosions have been heard at a mall, casino and hotel complex near Manila's international airport in the Philippine capital.More >> States, cities pledge action on climate even without Trump States, cities pledge action on climate even without Trump Posted: Friday, June 2 2017 2:41 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:41:25 GMT Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 2:41 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:41:25 GMT Even if President Donald Trump withdraws U.S. support for the Paris climate change accord, domestic efforts to battle global warming will continue. More >> Even if President Donald Trump withdraws U.S. support for the Paris climate change accord, domestic efforts to battle global warming will continue.More >> California, New York, Washington unite to back climate pact California, New York, Washington unite to back climate pact Posted: Friday, June 2 2017 2:41 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:41:21 GMT Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 2:41 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:41:21 GMT Three Democratic governors say they won't let the United States back away from the global commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions despite President Donald Trump withdrawing from an international pact.More >> Three Democratic governors say they won't let the United States back away from the global commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions despite President Donald Trump withdrawing from an international pact.More >> Reggae star Damian Marley, others buy control of High Times Reggae star Damian Marley, others buy control of High Times Posted: Friday, June 2 2017 2:38 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:38:34 GMT Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 2:38 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:38:34 GMT A group of investors that includes reggae star Damian Marley has bought a controlling interest in High Times, the magazine that for decades has been the bible of pot smokers.More >> A group of investors that includes reggae star Damian Marley has bought a controlling interest in High Times, the magazine that for decades has been the bible of pot smokers.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business Retail June 2 2017 - 7:54AM Save Print Walmart asks staff to deliver packages on their way home Abha Bhattarai facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Business Day: Sign up for our newsletter Walmart's newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 04:37 Why investors are excited about Amazon Why investors are excited about Amazon Amazon shares reach a milestone by briefly rising above $US1000 for the first time on Tuesday. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next The unknown recession Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:53 Video duration 01:53 The unknown recession The unknown recession Australia may have enjoyed more than 25 years without a recession, but as Peter Martin explains, it's been a close run thing. Up Next Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Play Video Don't Play Video duration 06:47 Video duration 06:47 Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Virgin Group founder Richard Branson urges the importance of countries working together to tackle climate change. Up Next Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower Play Video Don't Play Video duration 05:31 Video duration 05:31 Wall Street signals bond yields to remain ... Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower The Australian dollar was around US50 cents the last time the yield advantage was this small. Up Next Scaremongering season Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:15 Video duration 02:15 Scaremongering season Scaremongering season The old rule applies: if an economist makes a dire prediction of doom and gloom, he or she gets plenty of media attention. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next What to expect from retail sales Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:18 Video duration 02:18 What to expect from retail sales What to expect from retail sales AMP Chief Economist Shane Oliver predicts the risk of another RBA rate cut this year. Up Next Weak consumer sentiment weighs on retailers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:58 Video duration 01:58 Weak consumer sentiment weighs on ... Weak consumer sentiment weighs on retailers Consumers are the most unhappy since the financial crisis and with many shoppers struggling with record household debt, it's hard to see if that's going to improve. More videos Why investors are excited about Amazon Amazon shares reach a milestone by briefly rising above $US1000 for the first time on Tuesday. The idea, Walmart executives said on Thursday, was to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers' homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfilment process. "It just makes sense. We already have trucks moving orders from fulfilment centres to stores for pick-up," Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart's e-commerce business, and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post on Thursday afternoon. Related Content 'Most exposed': Wesfarmers tipped to lose $400m to Amazon Amazon 'hype' over the top "Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house." The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores – two in New Jersey, one in north-west Arkansas – but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Advertisement Employees would be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. "Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this," he said, adding that 90 per cent of Americans lived within 16 kilometres of a Walmart store. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The idea is to cut costs on the expensive 'last-mile of deliveries', when packages are driven to customers' homes. Photo: Bloomberg "There is really strong overlap between where are associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go." The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Mr Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Mr Jariwala said Walmart employees had delivered hundreds of packages over the last month, fulfilling orders placed on Jet.com, which Walmart acquired last year, as well as Walmart's own website. The announcement comes as Walmart doubles down on its online business, where sales grew 63 per cent in the first quarter of this year. The company - long the country's largest retailer - has taken aggressive steps in the past year, beginning with its $US3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com to compete with Amazon.com, which currently accounts for about 33 per cent of the country's online sales. (Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Walmart has also been rapidly expanding its grocery pick-up program, in which shoppers retrieve online orders in the parking lots of a nearby store. More recently, the company has begun offering discounts on certain digital purchases if customers opt to pick them up in-store. In that model, Walmart uses its own trucking fleet to deliver packages to stores, tapping into an existing transportation network. A year ago, Walmart announced it would partner with ride-sharing services like Uber, Lyft and Deliv to deliver groceries in Phoenix, Denver and Miami. Those efforts were ongoing, Mr Jariwala said. Walmart's move comes as Amazon continues to build up its transportation and logistics firepower to support speedy delivery. Amazon.com has leased a fleet of 40 cargo jets to bolster its supply chain, and has developed an Amazon-branded trucking fleet. The Seattle-based company has also created Amazon Flex, an on-demand network of drivers, in which the model is similar to Uber or Lyft. The program was voluntary for Walmart employees, Mr Jariwala said, adding that they could sign up for up to 10 deliveries a day using a company app. They could also set size and weight limits on packages. If there were not enough employees to deliver packages, Jariwala said carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said. "This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift." The Washington Post Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Walmart asks staff to deliver packages on their way home. Related Content Australians targeted by Amazon spam scam 'Dark days' for retailers as Cyclone Amazon approaches Amazon to slash JB Hi-Fi, Harvey Norman earnings: Citi Advertisement HuffPost Australia 42 Million Calls To Centrelink Got A ... Contains: External link Locked Out Of The Housing Market? Here ... Contains: External link Most Popular Banks cut interest rates they pay to long-term savers 'High 60s': Aussie dollar bears stir WordPress spurns Australian court over Amber Harrison leak Accountant accused of stealing millions from Hogan arrested Musk, Iger quit as Trump advisers amid CEO climate fury Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business 'High 60s': Aussie dollar bears stir No Australia, McDonald's would not like tax with that EpiPen maker may have gouged US taxpayers by $1.7b Accountant accused of stealing millions from Hogan arrested How the new NBN pricing plan for retailers affects you WA Today Ben Cousins' former partner says the ex-Eagle is a 'broken man' WA schools crackdown on unhealthy food Perth man slugged in test drive crash Perth builder Talbot Le Page Homes goes under Major crime investigating death of four-month-old baby in South West The Sydney Morning Herald An open letter from Martina Navratilova: Time to rename Margaret Court Arena Premier unveils housing affordability fixes World leaders react as Trump withdraws US from Paris climate deal Luke Lazarus faces new battle over alleged nightclub rape Karl loses it at Daily Mail over 'despicable' story The Age An open letter from Martina Navratilova: Time to rename Margaret Court Arena Billionaire developers billed thousands over eyesore Jobless rate remains high as more women look for work Australian women overtake their daughters in risky drinking MH128: why did it take so long for police to storm the plane? Brisbane Times Brisbane that never was: projects that didn't happen With 555 rooms but no resident car park, why did council approve it? New inner-city arena possible as Brisbane Live moves a step closer Private eye's antics raise eyebrows at insurance fraud conference An open letter from Martina Navratilova: Time to rename Margaret Court Arena Canberra Times Woman dies, three in hospital after car crash near Yass ACT school suspends student for having 'dangerous' opinion Snow expected over Canberra next week as winter hits Canberra's 93-year-old bride chooses dress for big day Freedom of speech debate at St Edmund's College continues WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Tony Gutierrez / Associated Press People walk in and out of a Walmart store in Dallas in 2016. Walmart workers to deliver packages on their way home Thu Jun 1st, 2017 4:02pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Associated Press BENTONVILLE, Ark. — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer said workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company said. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery.     Most Read Marysville pair arrested in stabbing death of Everett woman EVERETT — A woman whose body was discovered in her home south… Jun 1st, 2017 by Eric Stevick and Caitlin Tompkins Vandals break into, damage one of Everett’s oldest churches EVERETT — The act was as malicious as it was heartbreaking. In… May 31st, 2017 by Eric Stevick Peace Park to honor former Mukilteo students who were slain MUKILTEO — After the deaths of three young adults last year, the… May 31st, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Paul Allen rolls out Stratolaunch, world’s largest airplane Herald news services The initial construction on the massive airplane Paul Allen… Jun 1st, 2017 Sound Transit tax persists for property owners who can’t vote OLYMPIA — There is disappointing news for a handful of Snohomish County… May 31st, 2017 by Jerry Cornfield © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Politics Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox Boston Celtics New England Patriots Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Business Business Home Business Breakfast People on the Move Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Food Sustainable Living Things to do in Maine Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate Auto Jobs Public Notices Puzzles Crossword Sudoku Podcasts Events CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com e-Edition Newsletters and Alerts Support Reader Services Home Delivery Help FAQs Contact Subscribe Contact Advertising Open Pressherald Home Menu News News 36 people suffocate after gunman sets fire to casino in Philippines More Headlines Maine Literary Awards honor the state’s top books and writers William J.L. Sladen, who left medicine for birds, dies at 96 More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Politics Community News Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Business Business Ultra-rich hiding more money overseas than anyone previously thought More Headlines Rooftop solar bill advances, but Republican opposition foreshadows fight U.S. job market looks solid 8 years after recession ended More in Business Business Breakfast On the Job People on the Move Opinion Opinion Our View: Commutations will do little to solve Maine’s worker shortage More Headlines Maine House Republican leader: Education spending must be efficient, effective Bill Nemitz: An appeal to Ayla’s killer: Listen to your conscience More in Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Sports Sports It’s all Warriors in Game 1 of NBA Finals, 113-91 More Headlines Thursday’s high school roundup: Perfect finish for Brunswick Major league roundup: Strange play highlights Brewers win More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox Boston Celtics New England Patriots Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Lifestyle Lifestyle Maine Literary Awards honor the state’s top books and writers More Headlines Actress Chloe Grace Moretz apologizes for movie ad Fisher, Reynolds Beverly Hills estate being sold More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Restaurant reviews Arts & Entertainment Books Things to do in Maine Religion and Values Sudoku Crossword Obituaries Real Estate Real Estate ‘Little’ upgrades can mean a lot to home-buyers More Headlines 181 Western Promenade, Portland 79 Temple St., Saco More in Real Estate Home of the Week Featured Home Public Notices Jobs Auto Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe>   Business Posted Yesterday at 7:08 PM Updated June 1 increase font size Wal-Mart asks employees to make deliveries on their way home The company began testing the program a month ago in New Jersey and Arkansas. By Abha BhattaraiThe Washington Post Share Comment Read Article Wal-Mart’s newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The idea, Wal-Mart executives said Thursday, is to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers’ homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfillment process. Wal-Mart is testing out a new program in two states with the idea of trying to cut costs on the last mile of deliveries. David Leaming /Morning Sentinel Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” Marc Lore, chief executive of Wal-Mart’s eCommerce business, and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post Thursday. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.” The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores – two in New Jersey, one in northwest Arkansas – but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Employees will be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. “Wal-Mart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart store. “There is really strong overlap between where our associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Jariwala said Wal-Mart employees have delivered hundreds of packages over the last month, fulfilling orders placed on Jet.com, which Wal-Mart acquired last year, as well as Wal-Mart’s own website. The announcement comes as Wal-Mart doubles down on its online business, where sales grew 63 percent in the first quarter of this year. The company – long the country’s largest retailer – has taken aggressive steps in the past year, beginning with its $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com to compete with Amazon.com, which currently accounts for about 33 percent of the country’s online sales. Wal-Mart has also been rapidly expanding its grocery pickup program, in which shoppers retrieve online orders in the parking lots of a nearby store. More recently, the company has begun offering discounts on certain digital purchases if customers opt to pick them up in-store. Wal-Mart uses its own trucking fleet to deliver packages to stores, tapping into an existing transportation network. A year ago, Wal-Mart announced that it would partner with ride-sharing services such as Uber, Lyft and Deliv to deliver groceries in Phoenix, Denver and Miami. Those efforts are ongoing, Jariwala said. Wal-Mart’s move comes as Amazon continues to build up its transportation and logistics firepower to support speedy delivery. Amazon.com has leased a fleet of 40 cargo jets to bolster its supply chain, and has developed an Amazon-branded trucking fleet. The Seattle-based company has also created Amazon Flex, an on-demand network of drivers, in which the model is similar to Uber or Lyft. The program is voluntary for Wal-Mart employees, Jariwala said, adding that they can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app. They can also set size and weight limits on packages. If there are not enough employees to deliver packages, Jariwala said carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said. “This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift.” Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered each morning. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News Business Headlines High School Sports Real Estate * I understand the Terms of Service. Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading Photos Video Cindy Adams Richard Johnson Sub Menu 1 Sightings We Hear Just Asking Sub Menu 2 NY Post Decider Sign in nypost.com On Page Six: lamar odom celebrity divorces kardashians celebrity arrests bill cosby Sections Search Search Tips Sign in Page Six Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Walmart’s insurer wants Tracy Morgan to testify under oath By Chris Perez View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) June 1, 2017 | 6:47pm Modal Trigger Tracy Morgan Getty Images More On: tracy morgan Tracy Morgan ready to recount accident with Netflix special How Tracy Morgan's near-fatal accident made him work harder Tracy Morgan gushes about his kids to random strangers Tracy Morgan makes light of car accident in stand-up Tracy Morgan has been ordered to testify under oath by Walmart’s insurance company about the multimillion-dollar crash settlement he got from the retail giant — which according to them, was way too generous. The store’s insurer, Ohio Casualty, is demanding that the comic be deposed over the estimated $90 million payout that he received following the deadly 2014 crash that involved him and one of Walmart’s trucks. They are also asking that he turn over his medical records, income statements, information related to his future earning potential — and even documents pertaining to appearances he made on “Saturday Night Live” and the Emmys. Court documents filed last week by Ohio Casualty and Liberty Insurance Underwriters outline the requests for deposition dates for both Morgan and his friend Ardley Fuqua, who was a passenger in the car on the night of the crash. Some of the financial records that they’ve demanded to see include Morgan’s federal and state tax returns from 2009-2014, and documents related to his settlement and prior earnings. In addition, the insurance company has requested to see a list of medicines that he was prescribed after the crash — as well as any records of doctor visits, the Mail reports. To add insult to injury, they’ve asked Morgan to include information pertaining to photos taken of him riding around in a $440,000 Lamborghini just months after the settlement with Walmart. The 48-year-old was said to have suffered a severe brain injury in the July 7, 2014 crash on the New Jersey Turnpike. The incident left his good friend and fellow comic, James McNair, dead and several others seriously injured. Morgan reached his settlement with Walmart in May 2015. He wound up buying a $13.9 million mansion in Alpine, NJ, later that year. Ohio Casualty blasted the deal with Morgan at the time, saying Walmart should have never paid the comedian without putting him or anyone else on the stand. The decision to depose the Bronx native comes a little over a year after he and Fuqua were slapped with subpoenas, ordering them to cough up info about the crash — but they reportedly refused and failed to provide an “adequate excuse” as to why. “The depositions of Morgan and Fuqua are relevant and necessary, because they collectively received 92% of the huge settlement of the Morgan action,” the court documents state. “Their depositions were never taken nor were they served with any formal discovery in the Morgan action, and Wal-Mart [sic] has relied on the claims of Morgan and Fuqua as the principal reason in contending that the settlement of the Morgan action was reasonable.” Walmart’s insurers claim that the rest of the money that the company paid out in crash-related settlements went to McNair’s children. They ultimately believe that Morgan’s potential earnings and financial status weren’t as comprised as he made them out to be, and that he took advantage of the system. The company’s motion to compel depositions of Morgan and Fuqua was filed on May 25 in Trenton, NJ. It asks that they provide a date between June 19 and August 2. The pair could be held in contempt of court if they once again fail to provide a reason for why they can’t testify. “The sole reason Morgan and Fuqua have refused to provide deposition dates is their insistence that Plaintiffs provide information that is not required under the federal rules and accept their unconditional reservation of all rights, including their reservation not to appear for a deposition at all,” Ohio Casualty writes in the court documents. “This is a baseless position designed to avoid giving dates for their depositions,” they said. “For these reasons, Plaintiffs ask that Tracy Morgan and Ardley Fuqua be ordered to each provide Plaintiffs with dates on which they can appear for a 7-hour deposition pursuant to the subpoenas.” Additional reporting by Julia Marsh Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under celebrity lawsuits ,  courts ,  tracy morgan ,  walmart Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Kevin Hart doesn't wear the pants in his marriage Read Next Kevin Hart doesn't wear the pants in his marriage Most Popular This Week 1 Melania Trump's 'revenge' on designers who won't dress her 2 Scott Pelley out of 'CBS Evening News' 3 Heidi Klum bares all in sexy new photo book 4 Ariel Winter's beach antics in a thong will make you uncomfortable 5 Ryan Seacrest mad about Katy's 'American Idol' paycheck 6 Meet Rickie Fowler's sexy new girlfriend Share Selection Now On Alec Baldwin helps raise $5.1M for New Jersey Democrats Megyn Kelly set to interview controversial Infowars host Stars gather to see Jimmy Buffett's 'Margaritaville' musical Music's head honchos gather for dinner in Soho Kendall Jenner and Cara Delevingne go on 'Sex' adventure Russian censors remove Abraham Lincoln portrait from art show Rosie O'Donnell boosts Village Voice vet's charity event Lindsay Lohan is launching her own jewelry line Ron Howard to direct documentary on Pavarotti Jon Hamm spotted 'flirting' with Kate Beckinsale Power players pack renamed and rebooted Four Seasons Walmart's insurer wants Tracy Morgan to testify under oath Kevin Hart doesn't wear the pants in his marriage Reynolds and Fisher's estate and belongings for sale Stone's Putin doc previewed on heels of Megyn Kelly announcement How the WWE helped heal this 'Princesses: Long Island' star Brad Pitt takes Chris Cornell's kids to Universal Studios What drives Julianne Moore's fight for gun violence awareness Artist Chuck Close buys Miami condo for $3.4M Lawyers meeting behind closed doors days before Cosby trial SEE ALL Sightings Jon Stewart at Michael’s with his agent James “Babydoll” Dixon and SiriusXM president Scott Greenstein . . . SEE ALL Video New Hollywood dads old enough to collect Social Security Trending Now 5,667 Kendall Jenner and Cara Delevingne go on 'Sex' adventure 3,291 Megyn Kelly set to interview controversial Infowars host 2,438 Jon Hamm spotted 'flirting' with Kate Beckinsale 2,048 Sarah Silverman, Chelsea Handler blast Ivanka Trump 1,611 Walmart's insurer wants Tracy Morgan to testify under oath Now On 10 Shocking Stories Behind Famous Sex Scenes SEE ALL More Stories nypost How a psychopath is made Now On Decider Wondering What Happened To Your Favorite Porn Stars From The '90s? page six Kendall Jenner and Cara Delevingne go on 'Sex' adventure New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscope Living Classifieds More Page Six Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Page Six TV Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contacts Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Page Six Daily Get the latest gossip and celebrity news delivered to your inbox. Page Six Daily Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Thanks for subscribing! Sign up for these newsletters from New York Post Morning ReportOur top stories to start your day News AlertsBreaking news and exclusives Evening UpdateCatch up on the day's news Subscribe X Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link
Lehigh Valley proms: See all our photo galleries News Nation/World Girl, 16, accused of killing Uber driver with stolen knife, machete Photo courtesy of Village of Lincolnwood Eliza Wasni, 16, of Chicago has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder in the slaying of Uber driver Grant Nelson on May 30, 2017. Eliza Wasni, 16, of Chicago has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder in the slaying of Uber driver Grant Nelson on May 30, 2017. (Photo courtesy of Village of Lincolnwood) Grace Wong, Susan Berger and Brian L. CoxContact ReporterChicago Tribune A teenage girl from Chicago who has been charged with killing an Uber driver randomly attacked the man with a knife and a machete that she had just stolen from Walmart, authorities say. Eliza Wasni, 16, kept her eyes mostly to the floor Wednesday afternoon as a Cook County judge ordered her held without bail in the killing of Grant Nelson of Wilmette — an act prosecutors called "heinous" and "not provoked in any manner." Prosecutors said Nelson, 34, had picked up Wasni early Tuesday a few blocks from a Walmart in Skokie and, minutes into the ride, near the corner of Touhy and Lincoln avenues in Lincolnwood, she began stabbing him. He managed to pull over his Hyundai and run to a nearby condominium building lobby, where he pushed buzzers and yelled, "Help me, help me. I'm going to die," Assistant State's Attorney Michelle Cunningham said. Wasni took off in Nelson's car but quickly struck a median and then ran off on foot, Cunningham said. She was found nearby wearing just a bra and leggings; a bloodstained Chicago Cubs shirt was found nearby, and a trail of blood led responding officers to the condominium lobby and then to the seriously injured Uber driver, Cunningham said. Alexandra Nelson, sister of victim Grant Nelson, speaks to reporters May 31, 2017, after a hearing at the Skokie courthouse. Assistant State’s Attorney Michelle Cunningham gave a detailed account of the machete and knife attack. (Chris Walker / Chicago Tribune)  Alexandra Nelson, sister of victim Grant Nelson, speaks to reporters May 31, 2017, after a hearing at the Skokie courthouse. Assistant State’s Attorney Michelle Cunningham gave a detailed account of the machete and knife attack. (Chris Walker / Chicago Tribune)  See more videos Police were able to use the Uber app on his phone to see that "Eliza" was the name of his most recent customer, the prosecutor said. She called Nelson a "random victim." Nelson, who attended New Trier High School in Winnetka and the University of Colorado at Boulder, described his attacker to police but died later at a nearby hospital, officials said. Surveillance footage from Walmart showed Wasni walking around the store with a knife and machete and then leaving without paying for them, the prosecutor said. She said Wasni had taken two earlier Uber rides the evening before, including one to Des Plaines and another from Des Plaines to Walmart. She was apparently in violation of the ride-sharing company's terms and conditions, which say customers must be at least 18 years old. Wasni spoke during the bond court hearing only to confirm her name. Her lawyer, a public defender, said the teen attends Taft High School in Chicago and lives with a single mother. Wasni has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder. Judge Michael Hood ordered her to be held without bail and called the crime "extremely violent." An official with the Cook County sheriff's office said Wasni will be held in a juvenile facility. Outside the courtroom, Nelson's brother, Todd Nelson, called him "the most gentle, kind person. He never hurt anyone. He was good to animals, he was good to children." Todd Nelson photo Grant Nelson, shown in a family photo, was working for Uber when he was fatally stabbed while dropping off a passenger in Lincolnwood, according to police. Grant Nelson, shown in a family photo, was working for Uber when he was fatally stabbed while dropping off a passenger in Lincolnwood, according to police. (Todd Nelson photo) Grant Nelson, his brother said, loved opera and classical piano and was a "very good" piano player. He had also previously worked at Di Pescara restaurant in Northbrook, a manager there confirmed. "He was just trying to do the best he could in life," Todd Nelson said. His sister, Alexandra Nelson, added that the family hopes "justice will happen," calling the attack "horrifying and maddening." The siblings, as well as their parents, were in the courtroom during the hearing. Alexandra Nelson sat behind her father with her hand on his shoulder as a description of the alleged crime was read by the prosecutor. Family members sobbed at times during the proceedings, including when officials described Grant Nelson begging for help in the lobby before he was found on the ground outside in a pool of blood with multiple stab wounds on his right side. An Uber spokeswoman issued a statement Wednesday saying the company is "heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson. Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Regarding the company's 18-and-older age restriction for customers, the spokeswoman later explained that a rider's access to the service can be removed if the rider is found to be underage, and that there is a mechanism for drivers to report riders if they suspect them of being younger than 18. The spokeswoman said Uber has safety tips for drivers and riders, developed with the assistance of law enforcement agencies. She also said that drivers are encouraged to contact local authorities if they ever feel unsafe, and that the app has a two-way feedback system that is monitored around the clock by a team that investigates any problems that are reported. Grace Wong is a Tribune reporter; Susan Berger and Brian L. Cox are freelance reporters. Chicago Tribune's Nereida Moreno contributed. Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call Uber driver killed in Lincolnwood while dropping off passenger, cops say Uber driver charged with transporting passenger while intoxicated Woman sues Uber after fellow passenger allegedly stabbed her during shared ride Breaking Obits Prom Sports Arts & Ent Popular Classifieds Video/Photos 55°
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Walmart taps VR to train store employees Brittany A. Roston - Jun 1, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Walmart has revealed the latest method it is using to train store employees: virtual reality. The big-box retailer got the idea from observing football players using VR to train, and it has since implemented the technology into 30 of its ‘Walmart Academy’ training centers. The idea behind the training method is to introduce future employees and managers to situations they will encounter during the course of their job, but that they would benefit from experiencing ahead of time in a safe environment. The retailer uses Black Friday as an example, explaining that a manager-in-training who has never worked on a Black Friday can experience what it is like via virtual reality. ‘Wouldn’t it be helpful to understand the dynamics of such a busy day,’ the retailer asks, ‘before you ever had to actually manage your associates and customers through it?’ The Walmart VR experience puts trainees into a ‘lifelike’ environment that mimics an actual Walmart store. The training has proven more effective than real-life training situations, according to the company, which has spurred it to expand the training method’s implementation. Walmart says it will roll out VR training to all of its Walmart Academy facilities (200 of them) by the end of this year. Virtual reality is increasingly making its way into various facilities and usage scenarios beyond the scope of consumer gameplay. Hospitals, for example, has started testing the technology as a pain management tool, essentially using the headsets as a way to distract patients from pain that may otherwise require painkillers. SOURCE: Walmart Story Timeline You can now take a virtual reality tour of the White House IMAX virtual reality theater opens its doors in Los Angeles Steam adds new video section for virtual reality content Tags virtual realityvrWalmart Must Read Bits & Bytes Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Pokemon GO Update with Promo Codes event [Try these!] HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Elon Musk will quit Trump’s councils if US leaves Paris Agreement Nest Cam IQ intros lossless zoom and facial recognition: Hands-on Latest Headlines LG Pay finally launches, in Korea only for now Jun 2, 2017 OneLogin attacker may have gotten ability to decrypt data Jun 1, 2017 Nintendo Switch Online service will be delayed Jun 1, 2017 Galaxy S8 Pirates of the Caribbean Edition is official (and hard to get) Jun 1, 2017 Canon EOS C200 and C200B cinema cameras arrive in August Jun 1, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null
Skip to main content Home Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events RIS Talks Video Contact Us SUBSCRIBE Press enter to search Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events RIS Talks Video Contact Us Do You Want Walmart Associates Knocking On Your Door? Press enter to search Do You Want Walmart Associates Knocking On Your Door? By Jamie Grill-Goodman - 06/01/2017 Do You Want Walmart Associates Knocking On Your Door? Walmart seeks to answer this question with a new pilot. The mega retailer is now using store employees to deliver packages to customers' homes, starting with three test stores – two in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas. "Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business," Marc Lore, President and CEO, Walmart U.S. eCommerce, writes in a blog post. Here's how it wokrs: trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup will be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where associates can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house. The plan gives associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home. Employees that opt in can set preferences in the Tech Walmart has developed for this. They can choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work. Once they’re done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head toward home. "Many orders are being delivered the next day, and associates love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine," writes Lore. "An unexpected benefit is they’re finding quicker routes home thanks to the GPS built into our proprietary app." As retailers scramble to compete with Amazon, is this type of last-mile innovation the answer? Maybe. So far Lore says "the response from associates and customers has been great." SHARE YOU MAY ALSO LIKE Supply Chain and Merchandising Walmart Battles Amazon With the One Thing the E-Commerce Giant Lacks Digital Tranformation Walmart's Tech Innovation Hub Will Invest in Startups Supply Chain and Merchandising Target Testing Next Day Delivery Customer Engagement Experts Weigh In On Walmart's Next-Gen Stores E-Commerce Vineyard Vines Employs Unified Commerce to Sell a Lifestyle RELATED TOPICS Supply Chain Management Supply Chain and Merchandising Inventory Management Fulfillment Human Resources Footer Social LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Facebook Footer Contact Us Editorial Board Media Kit Privacy Statement Terms & Conditions © 2017 EnsembleIQ, All Rights Reserved
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home open Business Home open Sports Home open Entertainment Home open Where NOLA Eats Special Sections open Videos Engage open MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate open Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE open Local Businesses Photos open Follow Us open View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Louisiana Environment Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions North Shore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints LSU Tigers Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Vintage New Orleans Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Mandina's Rising: Rebuilding an iconic New Orleans restaurant Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Walmart is asking employees to deliver packages on their way home from work Walmart Employee Deliveries In an Aug. 26, 2016 file photo, people walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File) Print Email The Washington Post By The Washington Post The Times-Picayune Follow on Twitter on June 01, 2017 at 4:44 PM, updated June 01, 2017 at 4:45 PM comments BENTONVILLE, ARK. - Walmart's newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The idea, Walmart executives said Thursday, is to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers' homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfillment process. "It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup," Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart's eCommerce business, and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post Thursday afternoon. "Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house." The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores - two in New Jersey, one in northwest Arkansas - but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Employees will be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. "Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this," he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. "There is really strong overlap between where are associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go." The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Labor experts say the arrangement, a mash-up of sorts between an Uber-style gig economy and traditional employment arrangements, raises a number of questions related to employees having to shoulder much of the risk, cost and liability associated with deliveries. "The practice seems ripe for abuse if the company does not compensate workers for the full cost of their journey, the expenses related to gas, car depreciation, and potential problems like accidents, tickets or parking expenses," said Stephanie Luce, a labor professor at the City University of New York. "Like other 'gig economy' type jobs, there is a potential to benefit workers - but in reality, most of the benefits accrue to the employer, not the employee." Earlier this year, Walmart - which last year reported $485.9 billion in revenue - said it would raise its hourly minimum wage to $10 for most workers, but activist groups say many employees are still struggling to make ends meet. "Instead of Walmart paying its workers what they deserve for their work, Walmart is merely offering to pay more - for more work," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a campaign run by the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union. "To say this is a voluntary program is like throwing a life preserver to someone drowning in a lake," he added. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more." Some Walmart employees were also skeptical of the arrangement, particularly given the lack of specifics. "Without understanding if associates are going to be compensated for gas, additional insurance costs, wear and tear on our cars and the potential risks of delivering packages, this program could be creating problems for associates," said Cynthia Murray, a Walmart employee in Laurel, Maryland, who leads the Organization United for Respect Walmart, a workers' activist group. "While Walmart continues to point to its 1.5 million associates as its advantage over companies like Amazon, we also know that they are not doing enough to support us and our families." This isn't the first time Walmart has enlisted others to deliver its goods. Four years ago, executives told Reuters they were toying with the idea of having customers deliver packages to online shoppers in exchange for a discount. The company also partners with ride-sharing services like Uber, Lyft and Deliv to deliver groceries in Phoenix, Denver and Miami. "We think crowdsourcing is a mechanism of the future, and frankly, as you think about the move to driverless [vehicles], that could also make the cost of delivery lower," Scott Price, chief administrative officer of Walmart International, said Thursday. "The inefficiency of delivery can destroy profitability." Thursday's announcement comes as Walmart doubles down on its online business, where sales grew 63 percent in the first quarter of this year. The company - long the country's largest retailer - has taken aggressive steps in the past year, beginning with its $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com to compete with Amazon.com, which accounts for about 33 percent of the country's online sales. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the founder of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Walmart has also been rapidly expanding its grocery pickup program, in which shoppers retrieve online orders in the parking lots of a nearby store. More recently, the company has begun offering discounts on certain digital purchases if customers opt to pick them up in-store. In that model, Walmart uses its own trucking fleet to deliver packages to stores, tapping into an existing transportation network. Amazon.com is also making similar efforts to speed up delivery. The Seattle-based company in recent months has leased a fleet of 40 cargo jets, and has developed an Amazon-branded trucking fleet. It also created Amazon Flex, an on-demand network of drivers, similar to Uber or Lyft. Walmart employees, he added, have delivered hundreds of packages during the past month, fulfilling orders placed on Jet.com, which Walmart acquired last year, as well as Walmart's own website. Walmart employees can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app, Jariwala said. They can also set size and weight limits on packages. If there are not enough employees to deliver packages, carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said. "This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift." - - - Author Information: Abha Bhattarai is a business reporter for The Washington Post. She has previously written for The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Reuters and the St. Petersburg Times. The Washington Post's Sarah Halzack contributed to this report. (c) 2017, The Washington Post  Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Business Names in the News Does your company have a recent hire, promotion, appointment or honoree to announce? See All » 31 Greater New Orleans business people on the move Submission Form » Active Discussions more in business Real Estate Transactions New Orleans Top Workplaces Auto Reviews Greater New Orleans Business News Local, small business, finance and economy news for greater New Orleans. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Circulars Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Human Interest Sand, sea and sunsets aside, 'Mad Beach' just can't relax US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News 12-year-old California girl wins National Spelling Bee St. Petersburg's new pier is a go: City Council approves first construction funds Bucs rookie WR Chris Godwin wastes no time impressing Former Hillsborough Judge Ashley Moody files to run for Florida Attorney General Pinellas, Hillsborough credit card skimming scheme nets arrests for six Tampa residents News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana Legislature Column: My 30 years of covering the Florida Legislature Top News Former Hillsborough Judge Ashley Moody files to run for Florida Attorney General Less than half of Florida counties saw job growth since Great Recession Trump announces U.S. pull out from climate pact Ex-FBI director Comey set to testify June 8 on Russia Column: My 30 years of covering the Florida Legislature Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Bucs 2017 NFL Draft Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors Rowdies More Lightning Strikes Jones: Tampa delights in being Break Glass In Case of Emergency City (w/ video) Golf Auto Racing Storm Rays Opening Day gifs Spring Training Steven Stamkos Jameis Winston Evan Longoria Top News Bucs rookie WR Chris Godwin wastes no time impressing Ole Miss Rebels challenge: Playing for nothing Jones: Tampa delights in being Break Glass In Case of Emergency City (w/ video) State baseball: Jesuit thumps Dunedin in Class 6A semis Inside the Tampa Bay Rays' hot streak Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events National Doughnut Day is Friday, and 12 places are celebrating with free doughnuts and charity work Top News National Doughnut Day is Friday, and 12 places are celebrating with free doughnuts and charity work Florida CraftArt's contemporary fiber exhibit crosses into fine art territory Plan your weekend June 2-4: Golfers in Raymond James Stadium, Brantley Gilbert, 'Daily Show' host Trevor Noah Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Hit pause button on St. Petersburg Pier Top Opinion Editorial: Too much power, too little openness at Pinellas County Construction Licensing Board Editorial: Florida troopers need more money Editorial: Another Trump rant and foolish decision on climate change Editorial: Families are victims in fight between United, All Children's Thursday's letters: Sick children deserve better than this Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News Sand, sea and sunsets aside, 'Mad Beach' just can't relax Jeffrey Gettleman's 'Love, Africa' is a hair-raising memoir packed with affection Looking Back: 7-year-old Tommy gets a loaf of bread for Mom . . . eventually (January 29, 1964) Find serenity at Grand Cayman Island's Cemetery Beach Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Now Walmart wants employees to deliver packages on their way home from work By Abha Bhattarai, Washington Post ABHA BHATTARAITampa Bay Times Thursday, June 1, 2017 5:36pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged People walk in and out of a Walmart store in Dallas. Walmart has been testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. [Associated Press] Walmart's newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. Related News/Archive Want to work from home more often? Report from Gallup could help convince your boss 2 Months Ago Shipt will deliver booze from ABC to your door starting Wednesday 8 Months Ago Bloomin' Brands delivers mixed quarterly performance as diners shy away from casual chains 1 Month Ago The idea, Walmart executives said Thursday, is to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers' homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfillment process. "It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup," Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart's eCommerce business, and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post Thursday afternoon. "Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house." The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores — two in New Jersey, one in northwest Arkansas — but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Employees will be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. "Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this," he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. "There is really strong overlap between where our associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go." The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Jariwala said Walmart employees have delivered hundreds of packages over the last month, fulfilling orders placed on Jet.com, which Walmart acquired last year, as well as Walmart's own website. The announcement comes as Walmart doubles down on its online business, where sales grew 63 percent in the first quarter of this year. The company — long the country's largest retailer — has taken aggressive steps in the past year, beginning with its $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com to compete with Amazon.com, which currently accounts for about 33 percent of the country's online sales. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the founder of Amazon, owns the Washington Post.) Walmart has also been rapidly expanding its grocery pickup program, in which shoppers retrieve online orders in the parking lots of a nearby store. More recently, the company has begun offering discounts on certain digital purchases if customers opt to pick them up in-store. In that model, Walmart uses its own trucking fleet to deliver packages to stores, tapping into an existing transportation network. A year ago, Walmart announced it would partner with ride-sharing services like Uber, Lyft and Deliv to deliver groceries in Phoenix, Denver and Miami. Those efforts are ongoing, Jariwala said. Walmart's move comes as Amazon continues to build up its transportation and logistics firepower to support speedy delivery. Amazon.com has leased a fleet of 40 cargo jets to bolster its supply chain, and has developed an Amazon-branded trucking fleet. The Seattle-based company has also created Amazon Flex, an on-demand network of drivers, in which the model is similar to Uber or Lyft. The program is voluntary for Walmart employees, Jariwala said, adding that they can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app. They can also set size and weight limits on packages. If there are not enough employees to deliver packages, Jariwala said carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said. "This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift." Now Walmart wants employees to deliver packages on their way home from work 06/01/17 [Last modified: Friday, June 2, 2017 12:39am] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... More Business News Tap for more St. Petersburg's new pier is a go: City Council approves first construction funds 6/01/17 Local Government By Waveney Ann Moore, Times Staff Writer ST. PETERSBURG — A new pier will finally rise on the downtown waterfront, continuing a tradition that is more than a century old. Appointments at BayCare Health System and Frontier Communications highlight this week's Tampa Bay business Movers & Shakers 6/01/17 BusinessTimes Staff Hospitals BayCare Health System has named Sarah Naumowich president of Morton Plant North Bay Hospital. Naumowich has been serving as interim president since early January, stepping up from her previous position as director of operations when Mike Yungmann left his post as president to accept a new … Less than half of Florida counties saw job growth since Great Recession 6/01/17 State Roundup By Mary Ellen Klas, Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau TALLAHASSEE —How many counties in Florida have more jobs now than before the recession? The answer stumps Enterprise Florida. Air Transat to offer seasonal flights to Toronto and Montreal from Tampa 6/01/17 AirlinesTimes Staff Air Transat will offer seasonal nonstop flights to Toronto and Montreal from Tampa International Airport beginning Feb. 18. Now Walmart wants employees to deliver packages on their way home from work 6/01/17 RetailBy Abha Bhattarai, Washington Post Walmart's newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. More Today's top stats MORE Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local News 'I can't wait to be with him again': Mom mourns son killed on Maryland highway Political News Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew Sponsor Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season DUALDoppler5000 WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Our Take From Duke's defensive line to pods: Twitter Mailbag Soccer Inverted Triangle: NCFC, NC Courage owner Steve Malik opens up in 1-on-1 Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Analysis Lenovo, other Triangle tech firms recruit Wake Tech interns for IT jobs SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Dark castle on Jones Street Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates National News Report: Recycled air bags could put drivers at risk 5 On Your Side FDA issues flurry of Listeria-related recalls: Stay safe with these tips 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Business SpaceX taking recycling all the way to orbit with cargo ship Family In US and abroad, a worrisome time for LGBT activists Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Weekend best bets: Delta Rae, Farm to Fork Picnic Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Water line break could impact Wakefield HS classes Local News Raleigh sinkhole caused by failing infrastructure Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › 67° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Weather 67° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-06-01 16:14:13 Updated: 2017-06-01 16:16:11 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders Posted 4:14 p.m. yesterday Updated 4:16 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Dxf Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER, AP Economics Writer BENTONVILLE, Ark. — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 by The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) Free Credit Score - No Card Required! UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Myrtle Beach Spring Specials - Save Now Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos May 2017 Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm State News 'Am I going to die?' Gay man testifies at church trial Local News 'Covfefe' vanity plate claimed in NC Local News 'I can't wait to be with him again': Mom mourns son killed on Maryland highway Wake County Schools Panther Creek HS student's senior quote causes controversy National News Troopers form blood caravan to save new mother Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season SmartShopper National Doughnut Day Freebies June 2 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 MLB Mr Met gives fan the finger, employee out as team mascot Go Ask Mom Got teens? Check out these affordable summer workshops SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Out and About H-Street Kitchen to close for the summer Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Weather Science in the sky: Anatomy of a rainbow Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Out and About Balloon Fest makes man's sky-high marriage proposal a reality 919 Beer The Glass Jug announces new location, brewery plans Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm Political News Clinton: Trump unleashed 'dangerous' level of hate Political News Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay State News 'Am I going to die?' Gay man testifies at church trial Local News Man exposes himself to jogger on American Tobacco Trail, police say Local News 'I can't wait to be with him again': Mom mourns son killed on Maryland highway @NCCapitol Proposal to allow concealed guns without permit in NC advances SmartShopper Share your deals & questions June 1 @NCCapitol 'Brunch bill' wins Senate approval SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? SmartShopper TODAY is last day to use old Harris Teeter rain checks SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos May 2017 Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm State News 'Am I going to die?' Gay man testifies at church trial Local News 'Covfefe' vanity plate claimed in NC Local News 'I can't wait to be with him again': Mom mourns son killed on Maryland highway Wake County Schools Panther Creek HS student's senior quote causes controversy National News Troopers form blood caravan to save new mother Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season SmartShopper National Doughnut Day Freebies June 2 Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 MLB Mr Met gives fan the finger, employee out as team mascot Go Ask Mom Got teens? Check out these affordable summer workshops SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Out and About H-Street Kitchen to close for the summer Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Weather Science in the sky: Anatomy of a rainbow Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Out and About Balloon Fest makes man's sky-high marriage proposal a reality 919 Beer The Glass Jug announces new location, brewery plans Weather Homes destroyed, trees brought down in Sampson County storm Political News Clinton: Trump unleashed 'dangerous' level of hate Political News Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay State News 'Am I going to die?' Gay man testifies at church trial Local News Man exposes himself to jogger on American Tobacco Trail, police say Local News 'I can't wait to be with him again': Mom mourns son killed on Maryland highway @NCCapitol Proposal to allow concealed guns without permit in NC advances SmartShopper Share your deals & questions June 1 @NCCapitol 'Brunch bill' wins Senate approval SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? SmartShopper TODAY is last day to use old Harris Teeter rain checks WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Connect with Snopes TOP TAGS: ASP Articledonald trumpbarack obamahillary clintonNot Necessarily The Newsanimalselection 2016fake newspoliticsmusichoaxesMoviesfacebooksomething for nothingRadio & TVTelevision What’s New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive About FAQ Contact Random What's New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings About FAQ Contact Random Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings Get the Newsletter Contact Us Thank you for signing up: User@email.com Sign up for the Snopes.com newsletter and get daily updates on all the best rumors, news and legends delivered straight to your inbox. cancel Know of a rumor you want investigated? Press related inquiry? Lonely and just want to chat? Select from one of these options to get in touch with us: Submit a Rumor Website Feedback Advertising Inquiry cancel 131 News Business News Walmart Testing Store Employee Delivery of U.S. Online Orders Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. By Associated Press Jun 1st, 2017 131 BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Snopes Delivered to Your Inbox: Feedback Author: Associated Press Published: Jun 1st, 2017 Ask. Chat. Poke.Snopes Facebook Group View All Featured Video DoesDonaldTrumpSitThroughMeetingsofWorldLeadersWithoutNotes? Fact Check Fauxtography Jun 1st, 2017 A meme cherry-picked one snapshot from a longer meeting where the United States president did use notes. View All Most Searched 36K Dasani Products Recalled Due to ‘Clear Parasite’? Fact Check Fake News Updated Reports that Coca-Cola is recalling Dasani water products after a "clear parasite" was found in bottles in the United States are fake news. 98K HIV Needles on Gas Pump Handles Fact Check Horrors Updated Are service station customers getting stuck by HIV-loaded syringes affixed to gas pump handles? 6K Fisherman Captures 3,000-Pound Great White Shark in Great Lakes? Fact Check Fake News Updated You didn't see a news report about a fisherman's capture of a great white shark in Lake Michigan because it didn't happen. 1K Man Reportedly Pricked by Hypodermic Needle While Using Gas Pump News Crime May 26th, 2017 An incident in which a California man reported being cut by a hypodermic needle while pumping gas resembled an old email hoax. 62K Bananas Injected with HIV-Infected Blood? Fact Check Food Updated Photographs show discolored bananas that have likely fallen prey to a fungus, not to being injected with HIV-infected human blood. View All Most Shared 10K Lowe’s Coupon Scam Fact Check Inboxer Rebellion Updated What appears to be a $100 (or $50) coupon giveaway by Lowe's is actually a scam. 8K Was a Protester Throwing Explosives Into a Berkeley Crowd Before She Was Punched? Fact Check Crime Apr 20th, 2017 There's no evidence Louise Rosealma was using a glass bottle she appeared to be holding as an incendiary device. 54K Did a 1950s TV Episode Feature a Character Named Trump Who Offered to Build a Protective Wall? Fact Check Entertainment Jan 9th, 2017 An episode of the 1950s western TV series 'Trackdown' featured a character named Walter Trump who claimed he would build a wall in order to protect a town from the end of the world. 4K Did Jeff Sessions Say He’s Amazed a Judge ‘On an Island in the Pacific’ Can Block Executive Orders? Fact Check Politics Apr 20th, 2017 The Trump administration's Attorney General expressed his amazement on a radio talk show. 16K Ted Nugent Dodged the Draft? Fact Check Political News Updated Rumor holds that conservative rocker Ted Nugent evaded the Vietnam-era draft by taking drugs and acting crazy during his pre-induction physical. More from Snopes What’s New About Us Hot 50 Fact Check Staff Random News FAQ RSS Feed Video Contact Message Board Urban Legends Reference Pages© 1995- by Snopes.com | This material may not be reproduced without permission | Snopes and the Snopes.com logo are registered service marks of Snopes.com | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Your Email Address Message 
				 OK Your Name Your Email Address Your Friend's Address 
				 OK Copy this http://www.snopes.com/2017/06/01/walmart-testing-store-employee-delivery-u-s-online-orders/ ×

Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 82° Overcast Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Dramatic decline Updated: June 01, 2017 - 5:57 am LIHUE — Two of Kauai’s endangered seabird species are in peril, according to a study released Wednesday by the Kauai Endangered Seabird Recovery Project. Comments (2) Scooby to the rescue Updated: June 01, 2017 - 7:47 am KALAHEO — Ronnie Dotario was in the bathroom Friday morning, minding his own business, when he was alarmed by his 5-year-old beagle, Scooby, who wouldn’t stop pestering him. Comments (0) Recent Donut you wish for more Auditor’s office, overtime cut from spending plan Villages at Poipu Phase I at center of decades-long controversy Child critically injured following Anahola crash Kline honored for teaching excellence Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Tati in Fiji finals; Hamilton eliminated Posted: June 01, 2017 - 1:00 am FIJI — Kauai’s Tatiana Weston-Webb reached the final of the Outerknown Fiji Women’s Pro. She will face Courtney Conlogue in the final heat. Comments (0) Sales nervous at opener Posted: June 01, 2017 - 1:00 am KALAHEO — Coach Clarence Sales said he still gets nervous whenever he gets to the gym. Comments (0) Recent Mokihana makes splash on Maui Rifle coach certification class coming Soul Surfer heads to Round 3 Kaui brothers win medals again Barriga tries out wrestling Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Prepare now for hurricane season Posted: May 31, 2017 - 12:05 am Thursday is the official start of hurricane season in the central Pacific region, which includes Hawaii. We have just one suggestion: Be ready, because they are coming. The old adage better safe than sorry certainly works here. Comments (1) Births for Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Posted: May 30, 2017 - 12:00 am Births for April 17-26, 2017 Comments (0) Recent Celebrating the Kalapaki and Nawiliwili areas Talk Story with Gilles Larrain Physicist Dr. Edward Teller speaks on Kauai I scream, you scream, your skin screams for sunscreen A mysterious memo, suspicious partners Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest The music lives on! Posted: May 26, 2017 - 1:15 am Kauai Voices will present “Classics II — The Music Lives On!” next weekend. Comments (0) The Kitchen at Papaya’s Posted: May 26, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — A pair of tacos from The Kitchen at Papaya’s Natural Foods is a perfect way to grind after a salty day in the sunshine. Comments (1) Recent Workday party Let the vinyl years play on Island Calendar for Friday, May 26, 2017 TGIFr!day for May 26, 2017 ‘Sweet’ success Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home Business National and International Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders Story Comments Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Tony Gutierrez Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders FILE - In an Aug. 26, 2016 file photo, people walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File) Posted: Thursday, June 1, 2017 10:14 am | Updated: 10:30 am, Thu Jun 1, 2017. Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders Associated Press | 0 comments BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Clinton: Trump unleashed 'dangerous' level of hate Clinton: Trump unleashed 'dangerous' level of hate Clinton: Trump unleashed 'dangerous' level of hate Clinton: Trump unleashed 'dangerous' level of hate Clinton: Trump unleashed 'dangerous' level of hate More about General News Muslim activist critical of Israel is cheered at graduation Muslim activist critical of Israel is cheered at graduation ARTICLE: Muslim activist critical of Israel is cheered at graduation Clinton: Trump unleashed 'dangerous' level of hate Clinton: Trump unleashed 'dangerous' level of hate Discuss Print   Posted in National and International, National on Thursday, June 1, 2017 10:14 am. Updated: 10:30 am. | Tags: Business, General News | Location Tags: Arkansas, United States, North America Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories More arrests in Kalalau 8 graduate from Kauai Drug Court Coco Palms takes spotlight at LBA meeting 11 arrested in Kalalau Valley Scooby to the rescue All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (37) 100 days of President Donald Trump (36) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (24) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Promos Island Calendar for Friday, May 26, 2017 Friday, May 26 article events-calendar pause Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Wal-Mart Is Using The Same VR Training As Professional Athletes Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} June 01, 2017 4:11pm   Comments Share: Related WMT The Retail Demise: The Good, The Bad, The Ugly Retail Roundup: 9 Fresh M&A Rumors Wal-Mart Clears Buy Zone And Earns Technical Rating Upgrade (Investor's Business Daily) Why is Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT), the world's biggest retailer, getting itself involved with the same virtual reality technology used by professional athletes? Wal-Mart announced it will begin using STRIVR Lab's virtual reality technologies to train employees at each of its 200 "Wal-Mart Academy" facilities. An estimated 150,000 new workers will be trained in topics including management and customer service. Innovative Technology As A Teacher Derek Belch, STRIVR's founder and CEO, was a guest on CNBC to explain what some might find a confusing relationship. Wal-Mart's virtual reality technologies will simulate experiences and decision-making scenarios that employees would face on a daily basis, Belch said. After all, practice makes perfect, whether it's throwing a touchdown pass or dealing with some of the everyday problems a Wal-Mart shopper faces. "At the most basic level it is that simple — how do you simulate and give more repetitions to employees of all levels at all Wal-Mart stores?" he said.  Perhaps most important, a virtual reality course offers employees the necessary experience and know-how to tackle a problem that might occur just once a year, but have a high ROI impact. Black Friday is a once-a-year event and, by Belch's estimates, half of all managers have never dealt with a holiday rush. Belch's platform allows managers to be better prepared to deal with surges in foot traffic and to offer guests a better experience on such a hectic day, he said.  Related Links: How Empathy Will Save Brick-And-Mortar Retail The Holiday Season Has Been Kind To Discount Retailers, Not So Much Toward Department Stores Latest Ratings for WMT Date Firm Action From To May 2017 BMO Capital Upgrades Underperform Market Perform May 2017 Gordon Haskett Initiates Coverage On Buy Apr 2017 Telsey Advisory Group Upgrades Market Perform Outperform View More Analyst Ratings for WMT View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color CNBC Sports Top Stories Analyst Ratings Tech Media Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (WMT) The Retail Demise: The Good, The Bad, The Ugly Retail Roundup: 9 Fresh M&A Rumors Benzinga's Bulls And Bears For The Past Week: Ford, Kroger, Netflix And More How Empathy Will Save Brick-And-Mortar Retail Rolling A Lucky 7: Can Market Extend Streak As Holiday Weekend Approaches? Wal-Mart Puts Pressure On Grocers, But Kroger Could Resist View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on WMT Trending Recent 1 MTL, DAC: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 2 SKX, EXPR: 20 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 3 HPQ, AMD: 4 Takeaways From Advanced Micro Devices' Recent Tr... 4 UNH, EXAS: Andrew Left: Exact Sciences Cologuard Test Is... 5 ROLL, NX: 7 Stocks To Watch For May 31, 2017 6 SPY, DIA: Steve Cohen Is Back: 4 Interes... 7 BOX, AVGO: 10 Stocks To Watch Fo... 1 SPY: Why The May Jobs Report Might Not Be As Accurate As You Think 2 GS, ITW: Illinois Tool Works Modestly Higher Despite Double Upgrade From Goldman 3 SUPN: Piper Jaffray Upgrades Supernus Pharmaceutical On Possible Label E... 4 USO, BNO: Trump Confirms US Exit From Paris Accord: He's Right,... 5 DG, CCIH: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Rises Over 100 Po... 6 6 Day Trading Strategies, And How To Use Them 7 BOX, FB: MUFG Analyst Upgrades Box On Momentum, ... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Morgan Stanley Double Upgrades Goodyear Despite A Cautious Sector View
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders By Associated Press Published: 16:20 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 16:20 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) - In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. FILE - In an Aug. 26, 2016 file photo, people walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File) Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home - what the industry refers to as the "last mile" - "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Look at what Amanda ISN'T wearing!' Braless Holden causes a stir in a VERY low cut gown on BGT... as viewers blast star for 'dressing like a stripper' on family show 'He's a lucky guy!' Lucy Mecklenburgh poses NAKED in Panama hotel... as eagle-eyed fans notice she's staying in same room as Ryan Thomas No one's looking at your mouth! Kylie Jenner poses in black bra and undies while sprawled out on a white bed to promote new Lip Kit What happened to her face? Khloe Kardashian shows off much bigger nose as she poses without the contouring makeup she relies on Make-up free  Has Coronation Street gone too far? Fans left 'physically sick' by Bethany Platt's gang rape scene as they report grooming storyline to Ofcom 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  Ashley Graham exposes ample cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles FIRST LOOK: Is this where the magic will happen? Love Island villa is revealed as new line-up hope to find romance... after THAT 2016 bedroom romp . 'I'm really p***ed off!' BGT fans are left outraged as Welsh choir change the lyrics of Jerusalem to sing 'Britain' instead of 'England' Back in her skinny jeans! Make-up free Irina Shayk shows off her slim figure as she steps out with baby Lea after jetting back from Cannes MerseyGirls make the BGT finals after teen with scoliosis left Alesha Dixon in tears with routine... as it's revealed she needs £78,000 to fix her spine  Heidi Klum, 43, hits the beach with shirtless beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in Mykonos... after revealing she has 'no problem with nudity' Beach break 'She started three families with three different people and f*****everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat Well she is Beyonce's mum! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Showed off her amazing figure Pregnant Cara De La Hoyde cradles her blossoming baby bump at fashion party... after revealing she's been body shamed for being 'too small' PICTURED: Blushing bride Emmy Rossum stuns in custom Carolina Herrera gown as she marries Sam Esmail in New York Wedding bells Grace yourself! Big Brother's VERY busty Lateysha steals the spotlight as she flaunts her ample curves in semi-sheer gold jumpsuit for launch Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Flashed a huge smile as she enjoyed the sun PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taste of the high life! Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are seen together for first time as she treats little known actor beau to private jet ride  'It's actually pretty scary': Danay Garcia discusses fate of her character Luciana on Fear The Walking Dead Survived the season two finale Pierce Brosnan and wife of 16 years Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX after romantic holiday in Hawaii Robbie Williams is 'in talks to join Take That for a very special reunion' at Ariana Grande's star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit concert 'It's a joint celebration': Proud dad Ronnie Wood marks his 70th birthday in style as he poses with his two biggest fans Twin girls marked their first birthday Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez steps out in figure-hugging grey dress in Corsica... after his mother rubbishes pregnancy rumours Hold my hand mommy! Kourtney Kardashian steps out with Penelope for a day of shopping in Beverly Hills  Mother-of-three  Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea flashes her tiny midriff in unusual cropped tracksuit as she signs autographs and poses with fans at LAX airport Khloe Kardashian puts her derriere on full display in skintight blue denim as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Made In Chelsea beauty Stephanie Pratt shows off her leggy figure in sequinned gold top and tiny cowboy-inspired shorts for beauty event EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Game, set, match! Tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki enjoys a romantic day off from French Open with beau David Lee  Captain Ross, who? Demelza's dishy brother sets pulses racing as he goes shirtless in steamy trailer for Poldark after Aidan Turner admitted he won't be stripping off Hilary Swank cosies up to boyfriend Philip Schneider as she joins Robert Downey Jr and wife at Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail's star-studded wedding  Rebel Wilson's U.S. agent was baffled by lull in Hollywood star's career and expected her to get multimillion dollar offers after success of Pitch Perfect movie 'I didn't drink for three years': Phil Collins has started enjoying 'a couple of glasses of wine again'... despite admitting alcohol almost killed him Penelope gives us the plain truth: Actress says she not that glamorous as she talks about Murder On The Orient Express  Mysterious missionary Mellow yellow! Anne Hathaway looks slim in a vibrant top while out in New York City Taking to the streets of SoHo The Wright strut! TOWIE's Jess and Mark Wright's sister Natalya, 16, is snapped up by top modelling agency as she eyes up a career on the catwalk From Paris with love! Sofia Richie and bestie Chloe Bartoli lunch in New York after their saucy trip to Cannes with Scott Disick Out and about Cheery Chelsy Davy parties up a storm in London... weeks after ex Prince Harry attends Pippa Middleton's wedding with girlfriend Meghan Markle They're a perfect match! Genetically-blessed Margot Robbie and husband Tom Ackerley don cute co-ordinating pineapple outfits Who's your papa? Fabio to star as the Pope in Sharknado 5 as list of celebrity cameos are revealed Interesting casting 'What would you do?' Khloe Kardashian cryptically asks followers for advice about an unnamed 'friend' who is 'stealing' from the reality starlet Keeping it casual: Modern Family star Ariel Winter, 19, dons baggy gray sweatpants and dark t-shirt for stroll with beau Levi Meaden, 29 Casual Strictly's Danny goes to town in Regent's Park: QUENTIN LETTS watches Bernstein with balletic gusto in On The Town  Who needs down time? Athletic newlyweds Pippa and James squeeze in a jog around Sydney Opera House as their action-packed honeymoon continues  Why Elaine is turning a new Paige: First lady of musicals explains why she's hanging up her dancing shoes... but isn't retiring  The Doll's House door swings open again for Nora: Show's star Laurie Metcalf tells how she relished reinventing one of theatre's most famous characters  Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign Multi-coloured locks Checkmate! Rachel Weisz shows off her fashion prowess as she steps out in summery gingham shirt dress in New York Glam in gingham 'Kiss for Daddy': David Beckham enjoys some quality time with children Harper and Brooklyn on African holiday Family fun  Shorely he's kicking himself! Emma McVey flaunts her toned abs and peachy posterior in TINY pink bikini as she shows ex Gaz Beadle what he's missing We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say William and Harry: Princes make emotional admission in interview about Diana's death 'Brand new experience': will.i.am reveals Fergie is leaving The Black Eyed Peas and that Nicole Scherzinger is on the band's new venture 'You'll never EVER break the Westbrook': Defiant Danniella admits that despite 'car crash life' and being 'raped and cheated on' she will have a better future Tat's the spirit! Malin Ackerman reveals her stylish back tattoo while lunching in flirty halter top and high-waisted jeans Inked up Melissa McCarthy dons chic checkered shawl as she enjoys Disneyland outing with her husband and daughters Check her out Her own best advert! Kendall Jenner puts on leggy display in off-the-shoulder romper over bodysuit from her clothing range while out in LA Charmed by a boy called Courgette: New French flick My Life As A Courgette is a touching but troubling animation BRIAN VINER Dev Patel's girlfriend actress Tilda Cobham-Hervey attends glamorous Australians In Film dinner in LA as she compets cholarship Wham bam, thank you ma'am! Wonder Woman packs a punch - and a punchline - in her long-awaited, big-screen debut New adaptation EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Let's hope morose-looking Dragons' Den star Duncan Bannatyne, 68, is destined for happiness as he prepares for wedding Selena Gomez is 'head-over-heels in love' with beau The Weeknd and this relationship is 'very different' from the one she had with Justin Bieber Former TOWIE star Jasmin Walia looks every inch the sex-kitten in plunging PVC mini-dress and perspex heels as she continues wild Ibiza getaway Was BGT illusionist Josephine Lee assisted by a TWIN? David Walliams' 'sisters are doing it for themselves' remark sparks a conspiracy theory  'No one else should decide when you've had enough pain': Cally Jane Beech claims 'prisoners have more rights' than women... after having to demand epidural Penny Lancaster, 46, shows off her model figure in a plunging bikini and kaftan while hand in hand with husband Rod Stewart, 72, and son Aiden in St Tropez Peek-a-boo! Vanessa Hudgens appears shy as she dons demure athletic attire on outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Making sweet music together: Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton head to a recording studio together in LA Working on something new? Calling on Saul? Tough guy fixer Mike seems ready to work for Gus in new Better Call Saul trailer... as sleazy lawyer's money woes worsen Caitlyn Jenner keeps it comfortable in blue long-sleeved top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Malibu... amid family feud over her tell-all memoir Twice as nice! Cat Deeley stuns in a ladylike white frock for interview... before emerging in grey slip and suede jacket Elegant SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Fish out of water! Rod's quirky girls  Sir Rod's Stewart's model daughters Sun's out, guns out! Wonder Woman star Chris Pine flaunts his buff biceps in Miami Vice tank top as he grabs an iced coffee in NYC 100% Cotton? Fearne makes embarrassing fashion faux pas as she arrives at studios with tag still attached to her dress Fast fashion What will Gregg say! Bella Thorne goes TOPLESS on Snapchat before deleting raunchy video... after reuniting with ex Sulkin following Scott Disick 'humiliation' Blooming beautiful! Transgender model Andreja Pejic dons floral blouse for casual summer stroll around New York City Stepping out in style PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Danielle Lloyd defiantly shows off her baby bump in Dubai... after slamming trolls who claimed she looks like 'washed up whale' Footsore? Brooke Shields ditches her heels for flip flops and simple sundress as she shops till she drops in New York City Classic look Smooth landing! Fresh-faced Margot Robbie is spotted arriving at LAX airport in a stylish top and jeans after jetting in from London Glamorous Showing it off at the beach! Joanna Krupa's nipple peeks through her shredded white top as she splashes around in Malibu Daring to bare 'It's hard when you miss big milestones': Andy Murray reveals it was 'tough' being on tour when baby Sophia took her first steps... as wife Kim cheers him on Doesn't he know how to drive? Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is chauffeured to his favourite Hollywood hot spot agian Made In Ibiza! Bikini-clad Georgia Toffolo leads Chelsea new girls Ella, Mimi and Daisy as they frolic by the pool to film forthcoming summer series of MIC Tatt's nice! Male supermodel Jordan Barrett gets inked in Barcelona after hanging out with Lara Stone and Bella Hadid in Cannes Under the needle 'It's a comedian's job to cross the line': Jim Carrey comes to Kathy Griffin's defense after bloody Trump head photo causes outrage Show of support Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age of 292, go on tour AGAIN, we reveal untold stories from 55 years on road Taking a chance on her! Amanda Seyfried set to reprise her leading role in Mamma Mia! sequel due out in 2018 Back again 'There are such a**holes out there': Chloe Lattanzi QUITS Instagram after being slammed for sharing selfies while mother Olivia battles cancer Her own best ad! Reese Witherspoon steps out toting a chic and stylish $165 straw purse from her line Draper James Beaming 'They are talking again and it may lead to something in the future': Exes Lydia Bright and James Argent are 'back in touch'... after both quitting TOWIE Geri Horner rocks a casual baseball cap and white bomber jacket as she takes a relaxing stroll with baby son Monty and a female friend NSFW: Playboy vet Kendra Wilkinson lets a Las Vegas dancer climb on her during male revue show... even though she's married with kids Salma Hayek stuns in a black dress with sheer detailing as she cosies up to husband François-Henri Pinault at Beatriz At Dinner screening in London Marilyn Monroe's Los Angeles home, where the Some Like It Hot actress overdosed in 1962, sells over the $6.9m asking price for $7.25m Little Mix will join Robbie Williams, Black Eyed Peas, Katy Perry and Justin Bieber at Ariana Grande's star-studded One Love Manchester Benefit  All over tan! Caroline Flack joins a female friend for a TOPLESS dip in the pool ahead of the launch of the new season of Love Island in Mallorca Wild thing! Jaime Winstone puts on a colourful display in leopard-print jacket and red patent trousers as she attends Perfect Ten Exhibition Back on her feet! Daisy Lowe almost flashes her underwear in striped mini skirt in Primrose Hill... after recovering from embarrassing tumble Major multi-tasking! Zoe Saldana pulls a Gisele Bundchen by sharing photo where she's getting glammed while holding baby and cell phone 'Girls just wanna have SUN': Tanned and toned Vicky Pattison flaunts her assets in a pink bikini as she thrills fans in another sexy holiday snap 'I asked her some dumb questions': Elisabeth Moss reveals she exhausted The Handmaid's Tale author for information about her role in drama The Doll's House door swings open again for Nora: Show's star Laurie Metcalf tells how she relished reinventing one of theatre's most famous characters  Making a monkey out of modern art: The Square is an unworthy winner of the Palme d'Or, writes BRIAN VINER Mistake Worse for wear Nikki Sanderson puts on a busty display in skimpy black vest and tiny shorts as she enjoys boozy night out with beau Greg in Ibiza  Defiant Rihanna flashes sideboob in a revealing white dress... after she was fat-shamed by sports writer who said she looked like she was 'in a sumo suit' Ronnie Wood celebrates his 70th with wife Sally, 39, and twin daughters... as he reveals neck scar after keyhole surgery for a small lesion on his lung Former TOWIE star Pascal Craymer shows off her toned figure in a floral string bikini as she takes a trip to the beach in Marbella Making a splash Heidi Montag says Lauren Conrad has NOT reached out to her even though they are both pregnant at same time... but Audrina and Kristin have Chris Cornell's widow is waiting for toxicology results to clear up 'unanswered questions' about his suicide and believes prescription drugs were the cause Brad Pitt is spotted treating the late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell's children to hot chocolate at Universal Studios Hollywood Pregnant Kimberly Wyatt shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a playsuit as she takes to the stage at the Hay Festival Glowing 'First time and the last time we were together': Chris Cornell's brother Peter breaks his silence on the rocker's death by posting touching tribute Ttagic singer' Rochelle Humes catches the eye in stylish minidress... as husband Marvin hits the gym after she praises Zac Efron's incredible physique on Lorraine   Thrill ride! Moustachioed Johnny Depp appears alongside Daisy Ridley in suspense packed trailer for Murder On The Orient Express Couple Goals! Chloe Goodman cosies up to footballer boyfriend Jordan Clarke as they confirm reconciliation rumours with romantic holiday  Julia Roberts' upcoming TV series Today Will Be Different picked up by HBO Based on the book of the same name from author Maria Semple On the mend? Gwyneth Paltrow tries to get back in her stride as she steps out in Los Angeles... despite her injured foot still requiring a medical boot  Pretty in prints! Vanessa Hudgens is a happy shopper in cute maxi dress alongside boyfriend of six years Austin Butler Fun in the sun Fab in florals! Isla Fisher is radiant in springtime ensemble as she joins Denis Leary and John Hodgman on a panel at BookExpo 2017 in New York Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson ties her famous red locks in a bun and wears a boho floral shirt as fans gear up for the third series of the costume drama 'I would have been a lousy father!' Steve Martin, 71, reveals why it is important he became a dad later in life Late bloomer Johnny Depp 'had no idea managers used his assets to total $40m in debt to cover up mishandling his money matters' Actor's former team Heavenly! Victoria's Secret model Romee Strijd gives a peek at toned tum in tie-up shirt over crop top on New York stroll with beau Abs-olutely gorgeous Ahoy, matey! Supermodel Karlie Kloss shoots a cover girl look while walking in NYC with snazzy sailor-inspired slacks Every bit the supermodel 'I feel less womanly': Loose Women's Andrea McLean, 47, reveals she also suffers from hair loss following co-star Nadia Sawalha's balding revelation Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's Beverly Hills estate is being sold for $18m as belongings - including movie memorabilia- are auctionned David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their bid to overturn a £700million tax bill after investing in controversial film schemes Luke at you! Gary Lucy, 35, looks ageless as he appears on Hollyoaks set for first time in 15 YEARS to reprise role on Lucas Morgan 'I still look good a little squishier': Bikini-clad Ashley James showcases her enviable curves as she tells her followers 'life is for living' in heartfelt post Prince Harry's former flame Chelsy Davy says launching a jewellery line brought out her 'inner geek' as she models her own designs in stunning photoshoot  Movie based on Bill O'Reilly's bestselling book 'Killing Patton' has been scrapped by Fox's National Geographic Network Axed project 'It's the best surprise you can have!' Pregnant Serena Williams confirms she does NOT know the gender of her child... after sister Venus called baby 'she' Fans go WILD as pregnant Beyonce is officially announced as headliner at Coachella 2018... after withdrawing from this year's festival amid baby news Stephanie Davis sparks concern among fans as she pens 'so long guys' alongside snap with son... amid rumours of a family feud over baby's surname Annabelle Wallis is the picture of class in billowing floral maxi dress as she promotes The Mummy with co-star Sofia Boutella at the AOL Build Series Leggy Imogen Thomas slips her enviable figure into skimpy black shorts as she treats herself to an ice lolly on her way to the shops Former Miss Wales Coronation Street viewers shocked as grooming story takes another sickening turn when Bethany Platt discovers underage girl being sold for sex Fatboy Slim is on fine form as he takes to the decks weeks after cutting a gaunt figure... as family rallies around ex Zoe Ball in the wake of boyfriend's death Justin Bieber posts 24 BIZARRE photos within an hour... including that photo of him fighting man twice his size and his head photoshopped onto a woman's body Making a splash! Kelly Ripa dons paper crown and patterned midi dress as she and Ryan Seacrest spray hoses in Live gag Hosing off Beverly Hills, 90210 co-stars Tori Spelling and Ian Ziering reunite for the launch of his wife's brand new mommy blog Together again Nicole Kidman, 49, says she's 'thrilled' to be playing the MOTHER of Jason Momoa, 37, in Aquaman... even though she's only 12 years older than him 'I was moved by what a decent person Brad Pitt was': Meg Tilly, 57, talks 'generous' War Machine co-star as she returns to acting after 18 YEAR break Salma Hayek shows off her toned arms in a dark midi dress with unusual cut-out shoulder panels at the Sundance Film Festival: London Marcus Welby, MD nurse Elena Verdugo dies at age 92 after a long Hollywood career that included starring in House Of Frankenstein Split! Workaholics actor Blake Anderson and wife Rachael Finley are set to divorce after five years of marriage and one child named Mars 'Normal is boring': Christina El Moussa's daughter Taylor wears statement shirt... after months of family drama between mom and dad Family drama EOTB star ZaraLena Jackson puts on an eye-popping display in plunging trouser suit as she joins Take Me Out's Emily Longden at beauty bash in Manchester Margot Robbie shows off her enviable pins in tight-fitting leather trousers as she jets out of London... after putting on leggy display in pinafore dress While the Katie's away...! Solo Jamie Foxx showcases his '$2m' customised Bugatti Veyron... as relationship with Holmes 'goes from strength to strength' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley shows off her enviable abs and toned pins in skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys sun-filled getaway Battle of the CBB babes! Katie Price set to go head-to-head with Bianca Gascoigne in charity boxing match Bianca, 30, has always been hot on her heels Priyanka Chopra posts SELFIES from Berlin's Holocaust memorial before deleting them  Former Miss World Priyanka was in Berlin, promoting her new film Come and get it while it's hot! Ali Larter beams in a simple yet chic dress as she feasts on fancy fried chicken at event  Chowing down 'I'm sorry... everything works out in the end': Geri Horner apologises to her fans for quitting the Spice Girls, 19 years after she dramatically left the girl group Hats off to her! Jessica Chastain handles her own extensive luggage as she touches down in Milan in a trendy fedora after Cannes This is the life! Coleen Rooney shows off her tanned figure in skimpy green bikini during relaxing beach day in Barbados with husband Wayne and their boys 'That's insane!' Kendall Jenner bangs on table as family reacts to Caitlyn's memoir... and Kim Kardashian admits to reading the whole thing Fun in the sun! FEMAIL reveals how to accessorise your swimsuit like beach babes Kourtney, Kendall and Alessandra  Take your daughter to work day! Myleene Klass shows off her trim figure in chic strapless dress as she walks to radio station with Hero, six 'We were like a real-life married couple': Roy Barraclough's onscreen wife Julie 'Bet Lynch' Goodyear says she 'will always love' actor as he dies, 81  'We were on fire': Rita Ora poses in very racy fishnet bodysuit for sultry shoot as she teases her 'ambiguous' relationship with 'wifey' Cara Delevingne No heartache here! Lauren Bushnell beams at LA airport after revealing she has NOT returned diamond engagement ring to Bachelor Ben Higgins Stephen Merchant looks upbeat as the 6ft 7in star towers above his mystery blonde companion while stocking up on groceries in LA On a spiritual journey? Kourtney Kardashian leaves a Beverly Hills church in a fluffy cropped jacket while ex Scott Disick is spotted with EIGHTH woman What a handful! Cheeky Travis Scott gets a firm grip on Kylie Jenner's derriere during PDA-heavy outing in Los Angeles She can be a handful No regrets! Robbie Williams drops plans to build a 'whimsical folly' 28ft by 16ft summer-house in his back garden after a huge backlash Countdown to a big announcement? Rachel Riley fools fans as she poses with fake baby bump on the set of her TV show Dating Pasha Kovalev Life is beautiful! Makeup-free Natasha Oakley flaunts her curves in skimpy bikini as she tours Italy with personal trainer beau Gilles Souteyrand Zayn Malik cuts a casual figure in a novelty T-shirt and ripped denims as he heads to a New York recording studio  Looked ultra-cool  Love Island's Hannah Elizabeth shows off eye-popping assets in TINY black bikini as she larks around following ex-fiancé Jon Clark's love woes Did Pippa have a wedding smile-over? Dentists believe Mrs Matthews had 'gold standard aligning, bleaching and bonding' ahead of her big day  Spoiler, Mr President! Taylor Schilling and Laverne Cox recall meeting Barack and Michelle Obama... who were terrified they would let slip OITMB plot 'I wanted to remind everyone he's an old fart': Liam Gallagher admits Manchester attack inspired him to wish brother Noel a happy 50th birthday  Pippa Middleton pairs sunglasses with $365 Orla Kiely blouse as she touches down in balmy Darwin on honeymoon before climbing on board ANOTHER flight James Corden and Ed Sheeran show off their rap skills as teaser for new Carpool Karaoke is revealed for star-studded UK episodes of The Late Late Show 'He's decked out!' Liam Payne reveals son Bear, 10 weeks, boasts a wardrobe of GUCCI baby clothes... with prices tipping £1,200 for tot's collection All of me! Topless Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat Shared a naked picture on social media Braless Amanda Holden nearly bares all in dress with high split for BGT semi-finals... after vowing to spark 'Ofcom complaints' with her racy ensembles  Eva Longoria cuts a stylish figure in pin-hugging denims as she films Overboard remake alongside Anna Faris in Canada Ex-Desperate Housewife Smitten Sophie Turner greets boyfriend Joe Jonas with a hug as they reunite in London ... as she prepares for imminent return of Game Of Thrones Geri Horner sizzles in red figure-hugging cocktail dress as she puts on an affectionate display with husband Christian at End The Silence charity bash Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Walmart asks workers to deliver packages on their way home - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Walmart asks workers to deliver packages on their way home Posted: Thursday, June 1, 2017 3:52 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, June 1, 2017 4:55 PM EDT In a blog post published, Walmart touted the idea of having employees deliver packages to customers' homes on their commute home. By Jackie Wattles NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- "Since it's on your way, can you drop this off?" That's essentially what Walmart is asking some store workers to do. More specifically, the retailer is testing out the concept of having employees deliver packages to customers' homes on their commute home. In a blog post published Thursday, Walmart touted the idea as a way to both speed up its delivery service and help employees make a little extra money Two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas have been trying it out over the past month, and Walmart insists "the response from associates and customers has been great." It's not clear when or if the program will expand. The company says it's developed an app that allows employees to sign up for the program, and that participation is optional. The app can alert an associate when there's an order destined for a location that's on his or her way home. The company says "many" orders delivered in the testing program wind up arriving the day after they're placed. By comparison, Amazon has rolled out same-day delivery services across much of the country. Walmart's program is a sign that it's looking to compete. "It just makes sense," the company said in the blog post. "Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates. Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population." The company declined to say how much employees are paid to take on the added responsibility -- but Walmart did say that workers are "fully in control of their experience." "Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages, and which days they're able to make deliveries after work," the blog post says. "It's completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Walmart Employees Now Delivering Packages To Your Front Door Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Walmart Employees Now Delivering Packages To Your Front Door June 1, 2017 3:34 pm EDT By Ashlee Kieler@akieler on your way home walmart retail delivery big box store online orders SHIPPING e-commerce Two-day free shipping, online pickup discounts, grocery pickup — these are just a few ways in which Walmart has tried to up its online shopping game while staying competitive with rival Amazon. Today, the big box retailer rolled out its latest effort: sending associates to customers’ houses with orders in hand.  Walmart announced today that is testing a system at three stores in New Jersey and Arkansas in which local store associates can earn extra funds by delivering customers’ online orders. The new “last-mile” system is intended to cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, while creating a “special win-win-win” for all involved, Walmart e-commerce CEO Marc Lore wrote in a blog post. Through the new system, store associates can sign up to deliver products to customers’ homes at the end of their shifts. Once the worker’s shift is over for the day, they take the packages and drop them off to customers who happen to be on their route home. It’s unclear what the timeframe between customers placing an orders and receiving it will be. We’ve reached out to Walmart for additional details. Associates who opt in to participate in the delivery system will be able to choose the number of deliveries to make, along with the size and weight of those packages. Lore says the new offering makes sense for the retailer given its fulfillment fleet and the millions of associates working in stores. “We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” he wrote. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination.” Additionally, with more than 4,000 stores, that final destination is likely within 10 miles of most customers, Lore notes. Lore says the company will likely use the system to create even more last-mile delivery innovations in the future, such as providing same-day delivery — think Amazon Prime Now — to some customers. June 1, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler on your way home walmart retail delivery big box store online orders SHIPPING e-commerce Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related changing pace Walmart Slowing Store Openings, Accelerating Distribution Centers where's my stuff? Walmart, Home Depot Relying More On Physical Stores To Complete Online Orders creating a retail rival 6 Things We Learned About Walmart’s Love-Hate Relationship With Online Sales rival deal days Walmart Crashes Amazon’s Deal-Filled Birthday Party, Announces Its Own Mega Online Sale exceptions to the apocalypse Costco Is Thriving Because People Still Don’t Buy Their Toilet Paper Or Steak On Amazon Previous How To Score Doughnut Deals On National Doughnut Day 2017 Next Here’s The Official List Of Payless Stores That Are Closing Next Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Here’s The Official List Of Payless Stores That Are Closing Next Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Unlock the Secret Deals You Didn't Know Existed Home | Street Talk Tags: Walmart | Amazon | delivery | online Walmart Testing Store Employee Delivery of Online Orders (Photo: AP file/Tony Gutierrez) Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 03:29 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart, Amazon, delivery, online 488 Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 03:29 PM 2017-29-01 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump Budget Will End Dependency on Welfare, Bolster Workforce Saturday, 27 May 2017 | 53 comments Put restrictions back on what can be purchased, Spend a day working as a... Peter Morici: Can Trump Really Get 3 Percent Growth? Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 47 comments If the leftists get out of Trump's way, there is a possibility.With the... Analysts: Leaving Climate Deal Likely Wouldn't Add US Jobs Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 37 comments those dang dems like to blame others. I agree. The headline on this... Soros: Brexit May Last 5 Years and Cause 'Immense Damage' Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 25 comments I'm so tired of this miscreant ruining one country after another. Someone... CNN Money: White House to Revamp $1.3 Trillion Student Loan Program Tuesday, 30 May 2017 | 19 comments College tuition increases are a direct result of the Federal Government... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Trump pulls U.S. from Paris climate agreement; Tesla at risk? >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Walmart Turns to Virtual Reality to Train Employees The company will use Oculus Rift headsets for the training Jun 1, 2017, 1:53 pm EDT  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer     Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) is planning to use virtual reality to train its employees. Source: Shutterstock Walmart has reached an agreement with virtual reality startup STRIVR Labs to have it supply it with experiences to train its employees. This includes lessons and training material for customer service, manager and other positions. The virtual reality training sessions will be viewed via Facebook Inc’s (NASDAQ:FB) Oculus Rift headsets. Walmart will be adding a single headset to each of its 200 training centers in the United States by the end of this year. It also plans to bring the headsets to its 5,000 retail locations in the U.S. sometime in the future. Having the virtual reality headsets at its training centers in the United States will give 150,000 employees access to them. The headsets will offering training materials that will last between 30 seconds and five minutes. These virtual reality experiences are meant to be used in addition to other training materials, reports Tech Crunch. Walmart’s decision to use virtual reality to train its employees shows that the technology can be used for more than just entertainment. This is something that virtual reality companies are going to want to keep in mind as the technology continues to become more prevalent. While virtual reality continues to grow, there is one thing that could hold the technology back: sickness. There have been several cases of virtual reality making people vomit and it is never a good sign when a product makes a customer ill. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/walmart-virtual-reality-wmt/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June TSLA at Risk as Trump Exits Paris Accord 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Wrong 3 Ways Facebook Can Go Off the Rails 3 Low-Volatility ETFs to Buy for This Turbulent Market 10 Biggest Apple WWDC Announcements Ever ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong The 10 Biggest Apple Inc. (AAPL) WWDC Announcements Ever 3 Low-Volatility ETFs to Buy for This Turbulent Market Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock at Risk as Trump Exits Paris Accord Most Popular 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns 5 Stocks to Sell in June The 3 Best Marijuana Stocks to Buy 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 7 Troubled Energy Stocks That Are Due for More Pain 3 Active Vanguard Funds That You Can’t Ignore Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Other Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Sports Buzz Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian East Bay Times Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Other Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Sports Buzz Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Walmart asking store employees to delivery… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Man missing in Delta Convictions in mom’s murder Single-player plan advances Water-fight suspensions Danville teen bullying outrage Oakland fugitive father Latest Headlines Walmart asking store employees to delivery online orders while driving home from work Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By The Associated Press | June 1, 2017 at 12:37 pm By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. Tags:  business Retail The Associated Press Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Story of bullied Danville girl filmed urinating prompts outrage, call for action Protesters demand firing of controversial East Bay charter schools leader California Senate passes single-payer health care plan Three BART janitors swept up $365,000 in OT last year Three convicted in slaying of Oakland mom caught in crossfire California attorney general takes over case against Contra Costa DA East Bay minister, convicted of rape, may get early release from prison Friday Antioch man dead in shooting identified, suspect arrested More in Latest Headlines Warriors ride their two MVPs to Game 1 rout of the Cavaliers June 01, 2017, 11:42 pm The Warriors, while not perfect, were still dominant in Game 1 of the NBA Finals, following the leads of MVP teammates Stephen Curry and Kevin Durant to blast the Cavaliers 113-91 on Thursday night in Oracle and take a 1-0 lead in the NBA Finals. Story of bullied Danville girl filmed urinating prompts outrage, call for action June 01, 2017, 4:40 pm The case of the bullied East Bay teen who was filmed urinating in a girls high school bathroom touched a nerve: Her story received national attention, sparked a public outcry, and prompted thousands of messages of support. California Senate passes single-payer health care plan June 01, 2017, 7:54 pm A plan to replace private health insurance with a government-run plan will advance in the Legislature. Three convicted in slaying of Oakland mom caught in crossfire June 01, 2017, 7:53 pm A 30-year-old West Oakland mom was struck dead while trying to protect her children from a neighborhood gun battle. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2017 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Wal-Mart testing store employee delivery of U.S. online orders A Wal-Mart spokesman said the company would comply with all minimum wage and overtime laws. (June 1, 2017) A Wal-Mart spokesman said the company would comply with all minimum wage and overtime laws. (June 1, 2017) Christopher S. RugaberAssociated Press Privacy Policy In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Wal-Mart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Wal-Mart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Wal-Mart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Wal-Mart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Wal-Mart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. Tony Gutierrez / AP Wal-Mart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Wal-Mart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. (Tony Gutierrez / AP) "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Wal-Mart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Wal-Mart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Wal-Mart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Wal-Mart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Inside Wal-Mart’s new training sessions: Trying to adapt to retail landscape changes Wal-Mart's online shopping strategy is starting to pay off Wal-Mart works to close gap between itself and Amazon News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 75°

Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     Nintendo Switch Stock Tracking Report For June 1 Posted: Jun 1 2017, 1:44pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Jun 1 2017, 2:03pm CDT, in News | Technology News     This is the Nintendo Switch stock tracking report for online and in store availability for Thursday, June 1. June kicks off with new Nintendo Switch stock at gamestop.com. The video game retailer is offering five new Nintendo Switch bundles starting under $400. The shipping time is as expected on the ARMS release date.  Don't Miss: Find a Nintendo NES Classic in stock It would makes sense to offer a Nintendo Switch ARMS bundle, but GameStop sticks to Zelda and Mario Kart for the bundles. GameStop sold a new bundle late Wednesday online at gamestop.com, but now appears to have secured a new major shipment with June 16 delivery.  The Nintendo Switch availability is also very low at retail locations. Another way to get the Nintendo Switch is via the Pepsi Fire Summer Sweepstake. Pepsi gives away 200 Nintendo Switch bundles in the next weeks. The reason for the low supply is the likely upcoming E3 2017 video game conference and the release of Arms on June 16. Nintendo will want to have the Switch in stock for the video game show when the buzz hits a new high. The only way to get a Nintendo Switch online now is at reseller market places like Amazon. The Nintendo Switch reseller markups keep steady and range today between $88 to $110 for the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and $95 to $130 for the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on amazon.com. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con is more rare than the console with Gray controllers, resulting in considerable higher market value. Overall the Nintendo Switch market prices have staid flat. Read the reseller offers carefully and check the feedback. Some low priced offers have shipping dates in July. Walmart for the first time in the past two months has not sold the Nintendo Switch online in a bundle on Friday at 5pm ET. The retailer finally reacts to the over selling problem. Our Nintendo Switch order from last Friday got put on backorder days after the order was placed. Walmart has finally shipped our Nintendo Switch console we ordered as part of a bundle on May 19. It is scheduled to arrive on June 1. Our Nintendo Switch Giveaway will launch soon after we received the Switch in the office. This could mean that Walmart is able to offer limited Nintendo Switch inventory again on walmart.com this Friday at 5pm ET. To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use our new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android. Further below this report features the latest on the in-store availability of the Nintendo Switch.  Nintendo believes the Nintendo Switch will be as big as the extremely successful Nintendo Wii. Looking at the current shortage, the Japanese video game maker has a long road ahead of them to ship 101 million Nintendo Switch consoles. The positive reception and praise of the Nintendo Switch fuel the demand for the mobile and home console hybrid. Nintendo is also busy marketing the Nintendo Switch with hands-on events and at the E3 2017. Find below the latest Nintendo Switch online availability updates and stock tracking updates for stores. Nintendo Switch Stock at Online Stores There are no options to buy the Nintendo Switch online today. GameStop runs a big video game accessories sale, including discounts of 20% on select Switch accessories. Amazon restocked the Nintendo Switch the last time two weeks ago. Only Prime members got access to the Nintendo Switch stock. When the next Switch sale on Amazon takes place is not known. Use our new Tracker app to get notified when the Switch is in stock at Amazon or other major online retailer. The app is set and forget. When there is a Switch in stock you will receive a notification in real-time on your iPhone or Android phone. The Nintendo Switch will continue to be hard to find for the foreseeable future. Nintendo plans to ship 10 million consoles world-wide in the time from April 2017 to April 2018. From the launch on Mach 3 to April 27, the Mario company sold 2.74 million Switch consoles. The Nintendo Switch reseller markups keep steady and range today between $88 to $110 for the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and $95 to $130 for the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on amazon.com. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con is more rare than the console with Gray controllers, resulting in considerable higher market value. Overall the Nintendo Switch market prices have risen slightly. To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use our new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android.  There are also several new accessories coming on the market from Nintendo in the next weeks. See the full list of new Nintendo Switch accessories. When is Nintendo Switch in stock online again? Nintendo is ramping up the production for the Nintendo Switch, but has not disclosed what the current production capacity per month is. The demand for the Nintendo Switch will spike during the Holiday Shopping season 2017. Nintendo will set aside a large part of the Switch production during the next months for November and December. This stock piling will keep the Nintendo Switch in short supply during the next 5 months. As Nintendo coordinated new Switch console shipment with the launch of Mario Kart 8, we expect the company to do the same for the next major Switch game launches. This means the next big wave of new Switch consoles comes in mid-June for the release of ARMS. The Nintendo Switch will likely be offered in special bundles in time for the Holidays. A Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Switch bundle has already surfaced in Russia. Because of the incredible demand for the Switch console, the monetary savings on these bundles will be limited. Usually bundles offer a way for consumers to get a free game. Nintendo can afford to just offer some savings, unless the demand is slowing down. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. How to find a Nintendo Switch in Stock Online We developed the The Tracker app to make finding stock of rare products online as easy and stress free as possible. Download the free app for Apple iPhone or Android phones. From the list products you select to be notified for the Switch with Grey Joy-Con and/or Neon Joy-Con. That is it. It is set and forget. At the moment we detect the Nintendo Switch console in stock at major online retailers, you receive a notification on your smartphone. Now you are just a tap away from buying a Nintendo Switch. You can also see the current availability of the Nintendo Switch consoles in the web version of The Tracker: Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con, Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con. Nintendo Switch in Stock at Stores Best Buy stores had the Nintendo Switch in stock this morning. We prepared our readers for this Switch event before it was official. The Nintendo Switch is also available in 589 Walmart stores, 62 Target stores, 31 GameStop locations according to the Nintendo Switch inventory tracker iStockNow (2:30pm ET).  Number of reported stores contineus dropping, indicating that no new inventory is arriving. The Nintendo flagship store in New York said on April 28 in a tweet to have the Nintendo Switch in stock each morning. People in New York or visitors can give this purchase option a try. Social media posts from people who visited the flagship store confirm the availability of the Switch at the Nintendo store in New York. Some even report that they saw the Switch still on the shelves late afternoon. The Nintendo store is apparently consistently stocking the Switch each day. This week two new Switch games are released. The big upcoming Switch games are Arms on June 16 and Splatoon 2 on July 21. Amazon offers pre-order discounts on both of the titles for Prime members to the tune of 20%. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. Updated: 2017-06-02 01:20:11am Offers Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Best Buy Price: $299.99 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Walmart Price: $529 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Target Price: $299.99 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Gamestop Price: $299.99 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 11 hours ago, 2:02pm CDT Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon 11 hours ago, 1:35pm CDT Gold PS4 Slim Coming for $249 on June 9 15 hours ago, 9:57am CDT Monster Hunter XX Nintendo Switch Console is Custom Too 16 hours ago, 8:33am CDT Tree Climbing Goats are Benefiting Trees in an Unusual Way 9 hours ago, 3:49pm CDT What are the Best Fidget Spinner Tricks? 9 hours ago, 3:34pm CDT Giant Antarctica Iceberg is on the Verge of Breaking off 12 hours ago, 12:56pm CDT Is The New Pokemon Mobile Game a Disappointment? 14 hours ago, 10:46am CDT Draper's Cyborg DragonflEye Drone Takes Flight 15 hours ago, 10:15am CDT E3 2017 Coming Live on Twitch 16 hours ago, 8:46am CDT Halos on Mars Suggest Liquid Water Flowed on Planet for a Long Time 17 hours ago, 8:10am CDT App Store Generated $70 Billion for Developers 17 hours ago, 8:04am CDT World's Largest Plane Rolls Out for Testing 17 hours ago, 7:45am CDT Nintendo Switch Splatoon 2 and ARMS E3 2017 Tournaments Details Released 18 hours ago, 7:10am CDT Voice Chat Accessory for Nintendo Switch Unveiled 19 hours ago, 5:56am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Technology News Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 11 hours ago, 2:02pm CDT Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon 11 hours ago, 1:35pm CDT Gold PS4 Slim Coming for $249 on June 9 15 hours ago, 9:57am CDT Monster Hunter XX Nintendo Switch Console is Custom Too 16 hours ago, 8:33am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Tree Climbing Goats are Benefiting Trees in an Unusual Way 9 hours ago, 3:49pm CDT What are the Best Fidget Spinner Tricks? 9 hours ago, 3:34pm CDT Nintendo Switch Available for Purchase at GameStop in Five New Bundles 11 hours ago, 2:02pm CDT Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon 11 hours ago, 1:35pm CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Walmart testing home deliveries for online orders "This test could be a game-changer," Walmart.com U.S. CEO Marc Lore said Thursday. By Doug G. Ware   |   June 1, 2017 at 3:09 PM Follow @upi Comments June 1 (UPI) -- National discount retailer Walmart is testing home delivery service in three U.S. markets through a mobile phone application that matches customers' addresses with employees' commutes. In a blog post Thursday, Walmart e-commerce CEO Marc Lore said employees at three stores -- two in New Jersey and one in Arkansas -- are participating on a volunteer basis to deliver ordered items to customers whose residences are located close to their route home. "Our latest test is taking [customer service] another step further and leveraging one of our greatest assets -- our associates -- to get online orders to customers' doors," Lore wrote. "Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business." The home delivery test also serves shoppers of Jet.com, an e-commerce company founded by Lore and acquired by Walmart last year. The new effort is the latest in a series of new concepts the retailer has introduced recently. Lore cited online grocery pickup, two-day free shipping and store pickup discounts as other measures designed to upgrade customers' experience in shopping on Walmart.com. "It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup. Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house," he added. "The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home." Willing employees in New Jersey and Arkansas choose the number and size of packages they are able to deliver on their route home. If the new delivery strategy succeeds, Walmart expects to expand it to other stores throughout the country. RELATEDWalmart online sales jump 63% in first quarter Online sales at Walmart.com increased by more than 60 percent during the first quarter of 2017 as the retailer continues to grow its focus on web sales. "It's easy to see why this test could be a game-changer," Lore said. Arkansas-based Walmart is one of the largest retail employers in the United States -- with 4,700 stores and 1.3 million employees. Lore said the chain's numerous locations places it within a 10-mile reach of 90 percent of the U.S. population. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Price of Amazon shares hits $1,000 for the first time Report: Kelly Rohrbach dating Walmart heir Steuart Walton Walmart online sales jump 63% in first quarter Police seek 'clumsy' shoplifter who crashed Walmart cart Comments Trending A look back at Britain's Prince Philip's public life as he retires Next Article U.S. Air Force vet gets 35 years for attempting to join IS Latest Headlines Fresno sixth-grader wins National Spelling Bee 1 hour ago ago June 2 (UPI) -- Ananya Vinay, a sixth-grader from Fresno, Calif., was crowned the 90th Scripps National Spelling Bee champion when her favorite NBA team won NBA Finals' Game 1. Trump administration asks U.S. Supreme Court to reinstate travel ban 2 hours ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- Justice Department asked U.S. Supreme Court to immediately reinstate President Donald Trump's executive order banning travel from six Muslim-majority countries. Google plans to block annoying ads in new Chrome browser 4 hours ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- Google confirmed plans to introduce an ad-block tool on its new Chrome browser that will block offending ads from appearing in desktop and mobile Web searches. Three deputies convicted of inmate's murder in California 5 hours ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- A jury Thursday convicted three sheriff's correctional deputies of murder in the fatal beating of a mentally ill inmate two years ago in Santa Clara, Calif. Secret Service chief wants more staff to relieve stress, boost morale 5 hours ago ago June 1 (UPI) -- U.S. Service Service director is pleased how agents are dealing with "stress" of staffing shortages and special challenges of protecting President Donald Trump. Trending Stories Elon Musk quits as Trump adviser over Paris withdrawal Trump on historic Paris climate change pact: 'We're getting out' North Korea gasoline prices skyrocket amid concerns over sanctions Secret Service chief wants more staff to relieve stress, boost morale Obamas purchase their D.C. home for $8.1 million PHOTOS President Trump visits the Middle East Michael Bay honored at Hollywood handprint ceremony Stars showcase their films at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Hugh Jackman attends the 'Logan' premiere in Tokyo On the red carpet at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas Cloud Computing wins the Preakness Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 30 mins S&P 500 2,430.06 +18.26 (+0.76%) Dow 30 21,144.18 +135.53 (+0.65%) Nasdaq 6,246.83 +48.31 (+0.78%) A gold PlayStation 4 is on the way, and it costs $249 Ben Gilbert Business Insider June 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share That plain matte black PlayStation 4 you've got? It's old hat. It's not nearly gold enough. What you need, friend, is a gold PlayStation 4.  View photos PlayStation 4 (Gold)More (Reddit user "Christopher_Maxim") And it looks like that's exactly what you're gonna get!  At least that's what you're going to get if you choose to buy the upcoming gold-colored PlayStation 4 console that Sony's planning for release. The console hasn't been officially announced by Sony, but one popped up recently at a Walmart retail location. The photo above was snapped by Reddit user "Christopher_Maxim," who spotted the gold PS4 on display his local Walmart and proceeded to attempt buying it. Here's what he says happened: "This Walmart put them out early. [The] register locked up when I tried to buy one, and the staff realized their mistake. I snagged a pic before they brought them out back." View photos PlayStation 4 SlimMore (The gold PS4 above is a version of the PlayStation 4 "Slim" model that Sony released in late 2016.Sony) Here's hoping the gold PS4 wasn't summarily executed "out back" — more likely it was just taken out of public view. Maxim also says that, when the manager arrived to figure out the issue with the register, they realized the console was accidentally up for sale early — before Sony even announced the system. "The woman at the counter wanted to sell it to me," Maxim says. "But the manager she called over said that it was out way too early and the store would get fined if they sold it." From the looks of the box, the gold PlayStation 4 will cost $249 and it comes with a 1TB hard drive (a step up over the traditional 500GB PlayStation 4). Sony has yet to comment on the leak; we expect the console to be announced at the annual game industry trade show, E3, during the week of June 13. NOW WATCH: 5 hidden features only PlayStation 4 power users know about More From Business Insider A gorgeous new game just launched that looks like 'Zelda' — but it’s for Xbox and PlayStation too Xbox is about to launch a Netflix-style game service: Here are its best games The first trailer for 'Far Cry 5' is finally here, and it's about a religious cult in Montana Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Sony Xperia X Series 2017 news, rumors, and release dates Digital Trends PS4 Update v470 Brings Better Performance & Bug Fixes International Business Times Sony’s Xperia Touch projector lets you interact with any surface Digital Trends Here's how CEOs reacted to Trump's exit from Paris climate agreement Yahoo Finance 'Call his bluff': Mark Cuban tells Democrats how to punch back after Trump pulls out of Paris climate deal Business Insider Trump isn’t so good for business after all Yahoo Finance Top 25 New Cars for Senior Drivers Consumer Reports What to Watch in the Markets Friday, June 2 Yahoo Finance Video What to expect from the U.S. jobs report Yahoo Finance During his arrest, Tiger Woods was asked to do the 'Romberg Alphabet' — a test that has a lot of public misconception Business Insider The Amazon Echo just got two incredibly useful features thanks to a new update Business Insider The US Navy just took delivery of the world's most advanced aircraft carrier Business Insider Every major carmaker except GM has beat on auto sales so far Business Insider New book goes inside Muhammad Ali's draft-dodging trial Yahoo Finance Video Dow hits new closing high Yahoo Finance French president excoriates Trump in English over his withdrawal from climate deal Business Insider Trump's climate pullback opens door to Chinese leadership Sam Russell: Remember when America was the leader in innovation and progress Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.2k
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Girls Volleyball Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Baseball Softball Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from Mobile Walmart distribution center on target for 2018 opening; company expands elsewhere in Alabama Posted on June 1, 2017 at 2:23 PM Walmart is expected to bring in more than 500 jobs with the opening of a new distribution center in Mobile, County, Ala. (file photo) Walmart is expected to bring in more than 500 jobs with the opening of a new distribution center in Mobile, County, Ala. (file photo) By John Sharp jsharp@al.com The humble beginnings of what will blossom into a mega-distribution center are beginning to take shape on west Mobile County farmland. At the non-descript site off Interstate 10 are dozens of pickup trucks, makeshift trailers and construction machines. The only symbol that this rural tract will become home to one of Walmart's biggest investments along the Gulf Coast is a simple sign that reads, "Coming Spring 2018. Walmart." "I drive out and look at the site periodically," said Troy Wayman, vice president of economic development with the Mobile Area Chamber of Commerce. "It's kind of like your baby. You want to look as often as possible. It's phenomenal to see." This is the only clue in rural Mobile County, Ala., that a mega Walmart distribution center will be operational this time next year. Construction is underway at the site where a 2.5 million square foot facility will service the nearby Port of Mobile. (John Sharp/jsharp@al.com).  The world's No. 1 retailer remains on schedule with the construction of a $135 million, 2.5-million-square-foot distribution center that is expected to bolster activity at the nearby Port of Mobile and substantially increase truck traffic on I-10. According to a Walmart spokeswoman, the construction timeline remains unchanged, and the distribution center will be fully operational by this time next year. Walmart will begin posting for senior-level positions, such as operations managers and area managers, starting this month or in early July. The hope, the company says, is to have a leadership team hired by the fall. Once the center is built, Walmart plans to add 550 jobs to support the logistical hub that will serve 800 of Walmart's 4,600 U.S. stores. Those 800 stores are scattered over a sweeping area of the nation's heartland, from Alabama to Mississippi northward to the Great Lakes region. The company broke ground on the project in March. City, county and state taxpayers are investing in the project by providing incentives totaling about $15.3 million in property and sales tax abatements and up to $6.5 million in land purchase and road improvements. "We're just excited about how the project is progressing," Wayman said. The ongoing work on the distribution center - which will rank in the top 10 percent of the company's U.S. facilities in scope and size, and will be the company's sixth import distribution center in the U.S. - comes as Walmart is pushing forward on retail store and training expansions in Alabama. The company, in a news release last month, announced a multimillion-dollar capital campaign to remodel seven locations in the state: Mobile, Tuscaloosa, Brewton, Enterprise, Northport, Alexander City and Guntersville. In addition, the company is launching more of its Walmart academies. Presently, there are three such academies in the state, at Wetumpka, Fairhope and Gadsden. Erica Jones, senior manager with Walmart's communications team, said the new academies are part of a beefed-up training operation that began in 2015. Previous training was handled by the managers of each individual store, she said. "We'll be investing in training that our associates receive," said Jones. "The academy program is a result of that." The Alabama academies are part of 120 which have opened in the U.S. The goal, Jones said, is to open 200 of them by the end of 2017. The investments in Alabama are part of a $6.8 billion capital program nationwide, which includes the expansion and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers. In addition, Walmart plans to expand its online grocery pickup services as the company positions itself to compete more aggressively against the online retail giant, Amazon. Walmart, which last year reported $486 billion in annual revenue - more than three times that of Amazon - accounted for 7.8 percent in online U.S. sales last year, according to an article in the The Washington Post. Amazon, by comparison, accounted for 33 percent of online sales. In Mobile, the company is banking on utilizing the State Docks to transport Walmart-bound containers to the distribution center, which is about a 15-minute drive along I-10. The distribution center will be serviced by approximately 600 or more trucks that will be moving back and forth daily. To accommodate the activity, the Alabama Department of Transportation is moving forward on a $33.4 million widening of I-10 from Carol Plantation Road west toward McDonald Road, which is next to the distribution center. And as the company presses forward on its distribution center expansion, some coastal Alabama entities are hoping to see some benefits. Among them is Feeding the Gulf Coast, formerly the Bay Area Food Bank, which relies heavily on Walmart contributions. The company provided $189,894 to Feeding the Gulf Coast last year, which was the largest contribution that Walmart made to a food bank in Alabama. Feeding the Gulf Coast is part of the Feeding America community, which is heavily supported by the company. In fiscal year 2014, Walmart accounted for 13 percent of total fundraising revenue for Feeding America, and 14.5 percent of the total pounds of food secured for food banks around the country. "We literally could not survive without the contributions of Walmart and our other retail partners," said Cathy Pope, president & CEO of Feeding the Gulf Coast, calling "Walmart a committed partner" in battling hunger relief. "They regularly donate time, food and funds to Feeding the Gulf Coast," Pope said. "We rely on their partnership and appreciate their efforts to end local hunger." View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends Consumer Trends Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Walmart testing associate home delivery Jun 01, 2017 Supervalu CEO sees opportunity in Marsh bankruptcy Jun 01, 2017 Walmart: Happy employees sparking sales momentum Jun 01, 2017 Dollar General ‘pleased’ with Q1 results Jun 01, 2017 BJ’s adds two execs for digital transformation May 31, 2017 Featured Meat promotions sizzling again May 26, 2017 Junquiero to retire from Save Mart May 24, 2017 Lowes expands further to South Carolina May 22, 2017 Wegmans going to Washington May 21, 2017 Photos by Jon Springer Walmart US COO Judith McKenna addresses associates in Fayetteville, Ark., Wednesday. Top Retailers>Walmart Walmart: Happy employees sparking sales momentum Retailer highlights benefits of training program as it kicks off annual shareholder’s week Jon Springer | Jun 01, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores on Wednesday opened its annual Shareholders Week activities focusing on foundational progress the company has made since its first training academies opened just over a year ago. Since March 2016, the retailer has opened 155 such facilities with plans to reach 200 later this year. The academies are located adjacent to top regional Supercenters and have become the vehicle through which the company has driven process change that officials said have contributed to Walmart’s recent sales momentum, while reducing turnover and creating happier and more satisfied workers, Judith McKenna, Walmart’s U.S. COO, told a gathering of journalists visiting a Walmart academy alongside a store in Fayetteville, Ark. That is helping Walmart capture more sales at retail through better customer service and improved execution of the basics in stores like on-shelf availability. Ellie Bertani, Walmart's director of HR strategy and innovation, chats with Andy Van Kleunen, CEO of the National Skills Coalition, in a panel discussion regarding opportunity in retail held Wednesday in Fayetteville, Ark., as part of Walmart's annual Shareholders Week events. “The training program isn’t just for the here and now,” McKenna said. “It actually creates a platform for us for the future for everything else we want to do.” Related story: Walmart: Blockchain tech a boon for food safety Walmart established new training procedures as part of its $1.7 billion investment in employees announced in 2015, which also included wage increases, and has underpinned an operational rebound that also included new rounds of price investments and expansion of e-commerce. David Scott, SVP, talent and organizational development for Walmart. Around 250,000 U.S. Walmart employees will undergo academy training programs this year, which can last between two to six weeks. The program’s current focus is on department managers, assistant store managers and newly promoted workers, said Tom Ward, VP of U.S. central operations for Walmart, and includes a mix of classroom training and exercises on the floor of the adjoining stores. These employees are being trained to execute any number of duties and store processes that have been re-engineered over the past two years under Walmart’s U.S. leadership team including McKenna and Mark Ibbotson, Walmart’s U.S. EVP of central operations, who ran a similar training program at the company’s Asda chain in the United Kingdom prior to their U.S. assignment. Walmart associates, from left, Cris Norton, Courtney Elston, Alfredo Torres and C.J. West with Kristen Wilkenson, senior director of Walmart's U.S. Academy team. Ibbotson referred to the process changes — which touched virtually every duty employees have at a store — as “one best way” strategy that encourages standardization across stores. Officials demonstrated teaching methods including virtual reality to prepare workers for real-life situations and simulated shopping missions for customers. A panel of recent Walmart academy graduates testified that the program was helping them and their co-workers to find more meaning and direction in their careers, in part because it demonstrated that supervisors were vested in their work. “A lot of associates would get upset and leave the company because they felt they weren’t getting the proper training,” C.J. West, an assistant store manager in Fayetteville, said. “Their department managers, their supervisors, even their assistants weren’t involved. Now if you get the people the right training and allow them to develop and grow, you have a better chance at keeping your people. I know I wouldn’t want to work at some place where I wasn’t trained, and that’s happened here in years past.” TAGS: News 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Walmart testing associate home deliveryJun 02, 2017 Walmart: Blockchain tech a boon for food safetyJun 01, 2017 Walmart enhances support for military workersMay 23, 2017 Top 10 Gallery: More Germans are comingMay 22, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Walmart tests associate delivery amid red-hot Amazon rivalry ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Walmart tests associate delivery amid red-hot Amazon rivalry By Victoria Craig Published June 01, 2017 Retail FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print For years, Walmart (WMT) has vowed to keep prices low for its shoppers – and in recent months has gone to great lengths to do so. Now the world’s biggest retailer is taking its customer service to new heights as it tests a program that turns store associates into delivery drivers for online orders. Continue Reading Below The idea behind the move is two-fold: It helps make Walmart better able to compete with the quick delivery times and low prices heralded by chief e-commerce rival Amazon (AMZN), while also cutting down on delivery costs for the final leg of the trip, which is often the most expensive. The idea, currently tested in three stores – two in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas, is a win-win for customers and the $241 billion company, Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce president and CEO Mark Lore wrote in a blog post Thursday. “We already have trucks moving orders from fulfilment centers to stores for pickup. Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house,” he said. Related content Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts More Jobs Amid Pricing War with Amazon After Losing Customers to Walmart and Kroger, Whole Foods Fights to Keep 'Whole Foodies' Amazon hits fresh record: Shares top $1K Becoming a delivery driver, though, isn’t required for employees, Lore stressed, but rather an opportunity to earn extra cash. Those who want to, can opt into the program and have control over things like how many packages they deliver, and size and weight limits of each shipment. Once seen as a disadvantage in a rapidly-changing retail landscape that favors e-commerce, Walmart has suddenly turned its 4,700 U.S. stores into an asset that not only allows shoppers to browse and buy in-store, but also transform into mini distribution centers. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT “Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way. It’s easy to see why this test could be a game changer,” Lore said.  This pilot program isn’t Walmart’s first foray into making life easier for customers as it tries to better compete with Amazon. In 2015 it agreed to buy Amazon’s smaller rival Jet.com – a move that has allowed the Oakbrook, Ill.-based company’s online experience to explode. Helped by the acquisition, growth in e-commerce for the first quarter jumped 63%. Back in April, Walmart launched what it calls a Pickup Discount, lower prices on roughly 10,000 items that customers can purchase on the store’s website and have sent to any Walmart store for pickup. The aim was to lower the company’s delivery costs on the last mile while also encouraging shoppers to peruse its e-commerce platform. Earlier this year, the company introduced no membership required free two-day shipping on two million items – a clear shot at Amazon’s Prime membership which, for $99 annually, gives consumers free-shipping on all orders regardless of basket size.  Shares of Walmart hit a fresh record high of $79.60 on Thursday, adding to gains of more than 13% so far this year.   What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Footage captures shocking moment a thief makes off with the wedding ring and backpack of the Army vet who was stabbed to death defending teenage girls on a Portland train New video captures the moment Tiger Woods struggles to blow into a breathalyzer test in jail as the barefoot golfer appears confused after his DUI arrest Kathy Griffin claims she is a victim of 'bullying' at  the hands of the Trump family as she prepares to hold a press conference to explain why she did THAT photo shoot Off-duty police officer working for Jimmy Kimmel Live! shoots a Pit Bull Terrier in packed Hollywood ice cream shop after the dog bit him Chilling new CCTV images show Manchester bomber prowling the city as he plotted the suicide attack that killed 22 as police ask for help piecing together his last movements At least one person is killed after a Cessna 180 plane crashes into hills north of Ventura County and explodes 'I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris': Trump pulls US out of climate accord as he calls it 'unfair at the very highest level' and vows to protect American jobs  Split in Trump cabinet is laid bare as Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was wrong to want to stay in Paris deal Jared WAS in the White House when Trump announced the climate treaty exit he and Ivanka opposed - meeting 'out of towner' while his father-in-law got standing ovation from the rest of his aides 'It's now up to cities to lead': Pittsburgh mayor trolls Trump after president mentions city to justify pulling US out of Paris climate change accord Trump phoned Europe's top leaders to tell them he was pulling out of Paris - but France's Macron responded with public lecture telling him: 'Make the planet great again' Fox news host Kimberly Guilfoyle - once tipped to be taking Spicer's job - reveals Trump called her for her opinion on Paris Accord before announcing his decision  'And more proof': The Weather Channel trolls President Trump by devoting its homepage to bashing his decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord New York lights up One World Trade Center, Kosciuszko Bridge, and City Hall in green to protest Trump's 'reckless decision to withdraw from the Paris Accord' Trump is rejecting the future by pulling out of Paris accord says Obama: Ex-president voices fury at move by successor  Disney CEO Robert Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from the President's Council over his withdrawal from the Paris Accord  Vladimir Putin tells Oliver Stone how he has escaped five assassination attempts as he admits that while Edward Snowden leaking confidential information was 'wrong' it does not make him a traitor in new documentary Kevin Durant dunks his way to 38 points and Steph Curry drains six three-pointers as Warriors dominate Cavaliers in Game 1 of NBA Finals despite valiant effort from LeBron James Police officer who 'broke all the bones in soroity girls' face' when he slammed her to the ground during arrest is exhonerated and back at work  Vlad to see you! Megyn Kelly dons off-the-shoulder velvet dress with a slit and massive platform shoes to chat with a transfixed Putin in Russia Dakota Access oil pipeline begins service as Native American tribes vow to continue fighting against $3.8 billion project Man wanted for 'inappropriately touching underage girl repeatedly at Arlington National Cemetery on Memorial Day' turns himself in The husband hunters: A new book reveals the extraordinary lengths American heiresses went to snap up impoverished British blue bloods in a cash-for-class deal that saved the aristocracy  Rebel Wilson’s U.S. agent says lull in Hollywood star’s career after success of Pitch Perfect movie was baffling during defamation trial that accuses magazine of harming her career by making her out to be a 'serial liar' Previous Next EXCLUSIVE: Walmart insurer demands Tracy Morgan turn over medical records and income statements and testify over car crash settlement in which the comedian received '$90 million' WITHOUT ever being deposed Insurance company Ohio Casualty is demanding Tracy Morgan cough up records pertaining to his 2015 multimillion-dollar crash settlement with Walmart The company is seeking medical records, information regarding the comedian's income and future earning potential It is also  information regarding his ability to drive a Lamborghini after the accident Morgan suffered a brain injury in the crash between a Walmart truck that killed another passenger, and received a rumored $90 million in settlement money But the superstore's hasty settlement was blasted by its insurer which says the retail giant paid out the funds without deposing the comedian or others involved The demands come 13 months after the pair were served with subpoenas to provide information to the case and failed to respond By Karen Ruiz For Dailymail.com Published: 14:50 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 15:10 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail 86 shares 178 View comments Walmart's insurance company is demanding Tracy Morgan be grilled under oath over his multimillion-dollar payout stemming from a horrific crash involving one of the store's trucks that nearly killed the comedian in 2014. The superstore reached a deal with Morgan a year after the deadly accident on the New Jersey Turnpike that killed his friend, comedian James 'Jimmy Mack' McNair, and left the Saturday Night Live alumnus severely injured. But Walmart's hasty settlement has been blasted by its insurer, which says the retail giant paid out the large sum without deposing Morgan and others involved in the suit. Walmart's insurance company is demanding Tracy Morgan, 48, be deposed over his multimillion-dollar payout stemming from the 2014 car accident involving the retailer's truck Court documents obtained by Dailymail.com reveal lawyers for insurance company Ohio Casualty are now requesting deposition dates from Morgan and his comedian friend Ardley Fuqua, who was a passenger in the car.  The company is attempting to force Morgan and Fuqua to hand over settlement documents, as well as medical records and information regarding the comedian's income. They are also seeking all medical records following the accident, Morgan's federal and state tax returns from 2009-2014, documents showing his future earning potential, and financial records that relate to his earnings for the five years prior to the accident. Morgan spent almost two months in the hospital and rehab following the accident before he could return home. Pictured is the Walmart truck after the crash A tractor-trailer driven by Walmart employee Kevin Roper slammed into the back of their limo on the New Jersey Turnpike on June 7, 2014 The star has spoken about how he had to learn how to talk and walk again following the medically induced coma doctors placed him in They are even demanding a list of medicines he was prescribed after the crash, any records of physical or mental examinations and documents related to his appearance on Saturday Night Live and The Emmys - and information regarding his ability to drive a Lamborghini after the accident.  According to the court papers, Ohio Casualty argues the depositions of both Morgan and his comedian friend Ardie Fuqua are relevant and necessary since the two of them received 92 percent of the huge settlement paid out in the comedian's original lawsuit against Walmart. Morgan received 80 per cent of an undisclosed sum paid out to all plaintiffs in his legal battle. The 48-year-old's payout is rumored to be as much as $90 million.  The demands come 13 months after the Morgan and Fuqua were served with subpoenas to provide information to the case and failed to respond. The pair were also accused of refusing to provide dates to be deposed and failing to provide an adequate excuse for his refusal after multiple attempts.  'The depositions of Morgan and Fuqua are relevant and necessary, because they collectively received 92% of the huge settlement of the Morgan action, their depositions were never taken nor were they served with any formal discovery in the Morgan action, and Wal-Mart [sic] has relied on the claims of Morgan and Fuqua as the principal reason in contending that the settlement of the Morgan action was reasonable,' the documents state.  The insurance company is also requesting deposition dates from Morgan's comedian friend Ardley Fuqua (left) who was injured in the accident which killed James 'Jimmy Mack' McNair (right) Emails between the parties' attorneys show Morgan and Fuqua's lawyer, David E. Ross said they would comply with the subpoenas if the plaintiff agreed to certain conditions - which is not required. 'The sole reason Morgan and Fuqua have refused to provide deposition dates is their insistence that Plaintiffs provide information that is not required under the federal rules and accept their unconditional reservation of all rights, including their reservation not to appear for a deposition at all.  'This is a baseless position designed to avoid giving dates for their depositions. 'For these reasons, Plaintiffs ask that Tracy Morgan and Ardley Fuqua be ordered to each provide Plaintiffs with dates on which they can appear for a 7-hour deposition pursuant to the subpoenas.' Morgan could potentially be held in contempt of court for failing to provide an 'adequate excuse.'  Emails show Ross refused to cough up any information - calling attorney Paul R. Koepff's actions a 'lack of good faith' and 'an intention to harass rather than serve subpoenas.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Giddy up! Gigi Hadid struts around New York in knee-high... Golf legend Jack Nicklaus says his friend Tiger Woods 'needs... Share this article Share Last year, attorneys asked a judge to enforce subpoenas served on Morgan and his fellow passengers - after the comedian was spotted driving a Lamborghini shortly after the settlement. Morgan suffered a broken leg, several broken ribs, and a brain injury and spent almost two months in the hospital and rehab before he could return home.  The star has spoken about how he had to learn how to talk and walk again following the medically induced coma doctors placed him in.   Share or comment on this article e-mail 86 shares Most watched News videos Beefeater tells woman off for throwing glove at Royal Guard Three dead after two bounty hunters shoot up Nissan dealership Trump announces U.S. will officially withdraw from Paris accord Catching a Killer: Documentary shows search for mother's killer Reports indicate Trump pulling US out of Paris climate deal Road rage pair kung-fu fight in middle of traffic jam in Malaga Dani Mathers apologizes for body shaming naked 70-year-old woman Jeremy Corbyn refuses to say if immigration would fall with him as PM Dramatic footage of rare mini TSUNAMI hitting Dutch beach resort Election 2017: The highlights from the BBC leaders' debate Timeline: Events that led to Tiger Woods' arrest suspicion of DUI Zookeeper mauled by a tiger talks about protecting the species 'I represent the people of Pittsburgh NOT Paris': Trump... At least 37 killed in Manila casino horror as they... 'You can take it to the bank he's going to withdraw':... Running tracks, 'pause areas' and a rooftop 'meadow':... 'He is a soldier and deserves to be treated with... We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say... Manchester bomber’s youngest victim Saffie Roussos'... Plumes of smoke are seen towering above the Vatican after... David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their... 'F*** you England!’: Mother, 22, 'gets death threats'... Man who tied a noose around his wife's neck and dragged... Mother, 22, was left with two black eyes and a swollen... Graphic video captures the moment two bounty hunters and... Trump’s armada finally arrives! Two giant US aircraft... Feminist group strips naked and forms a pile of bodies... Megyn Kelly makes NBC debut: New host appears on 'Today'... Jared WAS in the White House when Trump announced the... Model hired as a human sushi platter slaps male customer... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 180 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'She started three families with three different people and f***** everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris Renee Zellweger wows in LBD as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Oscar-winning actress was a showstopper Well she is Beyonce's mom! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Tight clothing showed off her flawless curves Diva moment! Bethenny Frankel gestures wildly in frustration on set of her new reality show in NYC She's known for her emotional outbursts She's at it again! Edgy Kelly Osbourne debuts shimmery Mohawk braid hairstyle at Daytime Divas premiere Controversial figure when it comes to style So in love! Zoe Saldana looks chic as she cuddles up to husband Marco Perego at benefit for the Navy SEAL Foundation Adorable couple Nailed it! Karrueche Tran and Christina Milian look smoking hot for the Hollywood premiere of Claws The Claws were out in Hollywood on Thursday Leggy look! Keri Russell dons sexy black leather mini skirt as she joins Matthew Rhys at Americans LA event Keri went bare-legged in high-heeled pumps Kathy Griffin claims she has been bullied by the Trump family as she prepares to hold a press conference to explain why she did THAT photo shoot Khloe Kardashian puts her derriere on full display in skintight blue denim as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Added a burgundy tank top and gold flip flops Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign New campaign features a host of other stars, including Taylor Hill, 21 Pierce Brosnan and wife of 16 years Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX after romantic holiday in Hawaii Not impressed? Hailey Baldwin looks underwhelmed as she leaves posh Beverly Hills hotel in biker jacket Looked chic in a pair of dark blue jeans Kesha shows her country side in a denim shirt and red bandana as she jets out of LAX with boyfriend Brad Couple of more than three years Ashley Graham exposes cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles 'Love has no barriers': Celine Dion leads celebrities including Britney Spears and Selena Gomez in penning Pride letters 30 Days Of Pride She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split Rumors are not true 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat She was grilling him Keeping it casual: Ariel Winter, 19, dons baggy gray sweatpants and dark t-shirt for stroll with beau Levi Meaden, 29 Spotted out together Hold my hand mommy! Kourtney Kardashian steps out with Penelope for a day of shopping in Beverly Hills  The mother-of-three was spotted at the valet stand Mellow yellow! Anne Hathaway looks slim in a vibrant top while out in New York City Looked summery in a pair of ankle-length white jeans Making sweet music together: Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton head to a recording studio together in LA Looks like they are working on new music Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Blissful stroll with her daughter Melissa McCarthy dons chic checkered shawl as she enjoys Disneyland with her husband and daughters Spending time at the happiest place on Earth Peek-a-boo! Vanessa Hudgens appears shy as she dons demure athletic attire on outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Fitness fanatic 'It's actually pretty scary': Danay Garcia discusses fate of her character Luciana on Fear The Walking Dead She doesn't know if she'll be killed off No one's looking at your mouth! Kylie Jenner poses in black bra and undies while sprawled out on a white bed to promote new Lip Kit She stripped off NSFW: Playboy vet Kendra Wilkinson lets a Las Vegas dancer climb on her during male revue show... even though she's married with kids Back in her skinny jeans! Make-up free Irina Shayk shows off her slim figure as she steps out with baby Lea after jetting back from Cannes Hilary Swank cozies up to boyfriend Philip Schneider as she joins Robert Downey Jr and wife Susan at Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail's wedding Footsore? Brooke Shields ditches heels for flip flops as she shops till she drops in NYC The actress, who turned 52 on Wednesday, was laden down with bags Such a tease! Shanina Shaik stuns in a skimpy leopard bikini at the beach as she cheekily reminds Australian fans 'my summer begins next week' From Paris with love! Sofia Richie and bestie Chloe Bartoli lunch in New York after their saucy trip to Cannes with Scott Disick Grabbing a bite to eat Tat's the spirit! Malin Ackerman reveals her hip back tattoo while lunching in flirty halter top Between her toned shoulder blades Heidi Klum, 43, hits the beach with shirtless beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in Mykonos... after revealing she has 'no problem with nudity' She recently posed nude Priyanka Chopra looks chic in lace ensemble at Baywatch interview... after 'hitting back' over being accused of 'disrespecting' Indian PM by wearing dress Trump's ex-wife Marla Maples is spotted cozying up to a mystery man on day out playing softball in Central Park after spiritual getaway with daughter Tiffany Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea flashes her midriff as she signs autographs and poses with fans at LAX airport  Broke into a wide smile when greeted by fans Joining the rebellion! Wilson greeted at court by placard-waving supporters as defamation suit against Woman's Day continues  Warm welcome Who's your papa? Fabio to star as the Pope in Sharknado 5 as list of celebrity cameos are revealed Romance novel model will play the pontiff Showing it off at the beach! Joanna Krupa's nipple peeks through her shredded white top as she splashes around in Malibu Showing off her body Vlad to see you: Megyn Kelly dons off-the-shoulder velvet dress with a slit and massive platform shoes to chat with a transfixed President Putin  'What would you do?' Khloe Kardashian cryptically asks followers for advice about an unnamed 'friend' who is 'stealing' from the reality starlet Calling on Saul? Tough guy fixer Mike seems ready to work for Gus in new Better Call Saul trailer... as sleazy lawyer's money woes worsen Smooth landing! Fresh-faced Margot Robbie is spotted arriving at LAX airport after jetting in from London Flawless Taking a chance on her! Amanda Seyfried set to reprise role in Mamma Mia! sequel due out in 2018 Almost a decade since original film hit theaters What happened to her nose? Khloe Kardashian shows off much bigger snout as she poses without the contouring makeup she relies on Also didn't use filters Jared and Ivanka head to shul before SKIPPING Rose Garden ceremony as President Trump withdraws from Paris Accord despite his daughter's protests PICTURED: Blushing bride Emmy Rossum stuns in custom Carolina Herrera gown as she marries Sam Esmail in New York Beamed a huge smile  Caitlyn Jenner keeps it comfortable in blue long-sleeved top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Malibu Went on her regular Starbucks coffee run Penelope gives us the plain truth: Actress says she not that glamorous as she talks about Murder On The Orient Express  New movie Kathy Griffin loses MORE gigs after the Trump 'severed head' picture: Five venues have canceled shows in the wake of the shocking photo shoot Doesn't he know how to drive? Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is again chauffeured to his favorite Hollywood hot spot Sun's out, guns out! Wonder Woman star Chris Pine flaunts his buff biceps in Miami Vice tank top as he grabs an iced coffee in NYC Ivanka Trump's daughter Arabella wears a dress by John Galliano on Jewish holiday - and the frock even features the anti-Semitic designer's signature Blooming beautiful! Transgender model Andreja Pejic dons floral blouse for summer stroll around New York Looked every bit the New Yorker Julia Roberts' upcoming TV series Today Will Be Different picked up by HBO It will be the first ever TV show for Roberts, who is also executive producer Tatt's nice! Male supermodel Jordan Barrett gets inked in Barcelona after hanging out with Lara Stone and Bella Hadid in Cannes European vacation Split! Workaholics actor Blake Anderson and wife Rachael Finley are set to divorce after five years of marriage and one child named Mars Her own best ad! Reese Witherspoon steps out toting a $165 straw purse from her line Draper James Wore tortoiseshell cat-eye sunglasses Checkmate! Rachel Weisz shows off her fashion prowess as she steps out in summery gingham shirt dress in New York Leaving the Today show Marilyn Monroe's Los Angeles home, where the Some Like It Hot actress overdosed in 1962, sells over the $6.9m asking price for $7.25m 'I am CRYING': Hamilton creator Lin-Manuel Miranda pays tribute to wife Vanessa with a 'V' tattoo on his ring finger - and spark social media meltdown We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say William and Harry: Princes make emotional admission in interview about Diana's death EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Game, set, match! Tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki enjoys a romantic day off from the French Open with NBA beau David Lee  She's her own best advertisement! Kendall Jenner puts on leggy display in off-the-shoulder romper over bodysuit from her clothing range  Brad Pitt is spotted treating the late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell's children to hot chocolate at Universal Studios Hollywood EXCLUSIVE: Walmart insurer demands Tracy Morgan turn over medical records and income statements and testify over '$90 million' car crash settlement  Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age of 292, go on tour AGAIN, we reveal the untold stories from 55 years on the road Sports writer who called Rihanna 'fat' and said her size was 'tough to stomach' is SUSPENDED from his job and reacts by slamming boss with vulgar tweet A clear winner! As Rihanna dons transparent shoes, FEMAIL rounds up the see-through pumps that will replace last year's flesh-tone sandals Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's Beverly Hills home being sold for $18M as personal belongings including movie memorabilia and  furniture goes to auction Major multi-tasking! Zoe Saldana pulls a Gisele Bundchen by sharing photo where she's getting glammed while holding baby and cell phone What will Gregg say! Bella Thorne goes TOPLESS on Snapchat before deleting raunchy video... after reuniting with ex Sulkin following Scott Disick 'humiliation' Step into summer! FEMAIL rounds up 24 chic espadrilles for YOU to shop to follow in the footsteps of Jennifer Aniston and Alessandra Ambrosio EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods' ex-wife Elin Nordegren pulled over by Florida police for speeding - only 11 miles from where golfer was arrested for DUI 'Normal is boring': Christina El Moussa's daughter Taylor wears statement shirt... after months of family drama between mom and dad Caught up in a divorce Beverly Hills, 90210 co-stars Tori Spelling and Ian Ziering reunite for the launch of his wife's mommy blog Looked very happy to see each other Twelve-year-old girl blows away the America's Got Talent judges with her incredible ventriloquism act that saw her singing with her mouth CLOSED PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are seen together for first time as pop superstar boards private jet with her little known actor beau  Baby on the way? Cristiano Ronaldo steps out with girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez in Corsica... after soccer stud's mom dismisses pregnancy rumors Nordic clans unite! Monarchs join the President of Finland for a gala dinner to celebrate 100 years of the country's independence Top of the world! Julianne Moore, 56, is youthful in red-and-white dress at Empire State Building in NYC as she speaks out about gun safety Twice as nice! Cat Deeley stuns in a ladylike white frock for interview in New York City... before emerging in gray slip and suede jacket Selena Gomez is 'head-over-heels in love' with beau The Weeknd and this relationship is 'very different' from the one she had with Justin Bieber 'I was moved by what a decent person Brad Pitt was': Meg Tilly, 57, talks 'generous' War Machine co-star as she returns to acting after 18 YEAR break 'A baguette dripping in cheese, some fries, a glass of wine': Health guru Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her daily diet and insists she never exercises on vacation It took 21 YEARS to bring Wonder Woman to the big screen - and at least 10 women including Beyoncé, a wrestler and a Bond girl were linked to the part 'It's a comedian's job to cross the line': Jim Carrey comes to Kathy Griffin's defense after bloody Trump head photo causes outrage Mask star speaks out  'Brand-new experience': will.i.am reveals Fergie is leaving The Black Eyed Peas and that Nicole Scherzinger is on band's forthcoming venture 'I would have been a lousy father!' Steve Martin, 71, reveals why it is important he became a dad later in life Hollywood star had his first child four years ago Heidi Montag says Lauren Conrad has NOT reached out to her even though they are both pregnant at same time... but Audrina and Kristin have Megyn Kelly makes Today debut reporting from Russia and confirms she will be interviewing Putin - but does not acknowledge co-host Hoda Kotb Did Pippa have a wedding smile-over? Dentists believe she had 'gold standard aligning, bleaching and bonding' ahead of her big day (just like big sister Kate) No heartache here! The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell beams at LA airport after revealing she has NOT returned diamond engagement ring to Ben Higgins Rod Stewart's wife Penny Lancaster, 46, shows off her model figure as she walks hand in hand with the rocker, 72, and son Aiden in St Tropez Salma Hayek stuns in a simple black dress with sheer detailing as she cozies up to husband François-Henri Pinault at Beatriz At Dinner screening in London Bristol Palin proudly shares a photo of newborn baby girl Atlee Bay showing off her 'first real smile' while being held by doting grandfather Todd Thrill ride! Moustachioed Johnny Depp appears alongside Daisy Ridley in suspense packed trailer for Murder On The Orient Express Johnny Depp 'had no idea his managers used his assets to take out $40m in loans to cover up mishandling money' Explosive allegations about star's finances Prince Harry's former flame Chelsy Davy says launching a jewelry line brought out her 'inner geek' as she models her own designs in a stunning photoshoot  'Kiss for Daddy': David Beckham enjoys quality time with children Harper and Brooklyn on African holiday His wife Victoria sadly missed out on the fun Making a splash! Kelly Ripa dons paper crown and patterned midi as she and Ryan Seacrest spray hoses in Live gag Spotted outside ABC studio in NYC Chris Cornell's widow says they are waiting for toxicology results to clear up questions about his suicide and believes prescription drugs made him want to self-harm  'First time and the last time we were together': Chris Cornell's brother Peter breaks his silence on the rocker's death by posting touching tribute Went on Facebook  'I am not going to be body shamed for being pale or not stick thin!': Ireland Baldwin fires back at haters after sharing lingerie photos Upset by comments  Kylie Jenner superfan, 19, gets his EIGHTH tattoo inspired by the star, and reveals his Kylie-covered bedroom in a documentary about his obsession On the mend? Gwyneth Paltrow tries to get back in her stride despite her injured foot still requiring a medical boot  Did her best not to limp as she did errands  'I asked her some dumb questions': Elisabeth Moss reveals she exhausted author of The Handmaid's Tale for information about her role on shocking drama Who needs down time? Athletic newlyweds Pippa and James squeeze in a jog around Sydney Opera House on their action-packed honeymoon  Come and get it while it's hot! Ali Larter shines as she feasts on fancy fried chicken at Beverly Hills restaurant The 41-year-old could not hide her happiness  Obamas buy 8,200-square-foot mansion they were renting in exclusive Kalorama neighborhood of Washington, DC, for $8.1million Fab in florals! Isla Fisher is radiant in springtime ensemble as she joins Denis Leary and John Hodgman on a panel at BookExpo 2017 in New York Sorry for flooding your feed! Justin Bieber posts 24 photos on Instagram within an hour... including THAT photo of him fighting man twice his size Ahoy, matey! Supermodel Karlie Kloss shoots a cover girl look while walking in NYC with snazzy sailor-inspired slacks Flashing her smile  'I can't censor myself': Photographer Tyler Shields stands by severed head picture despite Kathy Griffin losing CNN job and says he would do it again Pretty in prints! Vanessa Hudgens is a happy shopper in cute maxi dress alongside boyfriend of six years Austin Butler Spotted at Whole Foods  'Dungeon and torture chamber': Bethenny Frankel bursts into tears twice on RHONY under stress from ex Lost it twice during Wednesday's episode Nicole Kidman, 49, says she's 'thrilled' to be playing the MOTHER of Jason Momoa, 37, in Aquaman even though she's only 12 years older than him Annabelle Wallis is the picture of class in billowing floral maxi dress as she promotes The Mummy with co-star Sofia Boutella at the AOL Build Series Fun in the sun! FEMAIL reveals how to accessorize your swimsuit like Kourtney Kardashian, Kendall Jenner and Alessandra Ambrosio Heavenly! Victoria's Secret model Romee Strijd gives a peek at toned stomach in tie-up shirt over crop top on New York stroll with beau All of me! Naked Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat She stripped off on social media Sweet charity! Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld take the kids to a philanthropic party in New York's Central Park Stepped out for a good cause on Wednesday Marcus Welby, MD nurse Elena Verdugo dies at age 92 after a long Hollywood career that included starring in House Of Frankenstein Starred in show 7 years Children who survived the Manchester terror attack will sing alongside Ariana Grande at star-studded benefit concert on Sunday Salma Hayek shows off her toned arms in a dark midi dress with unusual cut-out shoulder panels at the Sundance Film Festival: London     DON'T MISS Rihanna flashes sideboob in a revealing white dress... after she was fat-shamed by sports writer who said she looked like she was 'in a sumo suit' Grateful Dead legend Jerry Garcia's guitar raises more than $3MILLION in auction to support Southern Poverty Law Center Stunning sale  Feminist writer attacks the Beatles' classic album Sgt Pepper for 'taking pop music away from girls and making it the music of men' Fab Four under fire Revealed: Amazing six-page letter from Beatle George Harrison to  photographer friend saying how he feared he'd end up 'poor and hungry' Revenge is a dish best served in lingerie! Ashley Graham flaunts her figure for racy selfie... after revealing she was bullied and body shamed in school 'What's the difference between the NAACP and the KKK?' Lee Garrett's racist tweets exposed... as he competes for the hand of the first black Bachelorette Lara Trump goes after Kathy Griffin for severed head image while also calling out photographer Tyler Shields and the comedian's publicists for allowing shoot Margot Robbie shows off her gorgeous gams in tight-fitting leather pants as she jets out of London... after putting on leggy display in pinafore dress 'It's hard when you miss big milestones': Tennis star Andy Murray reveals it was 'tough' being away when baby took first steps... as wife Kim cheers him in Paris Priyanka Chopra posts SELFIES from Berlin's Holocaust memorial before deleting them  She was in Germany  promoting her new film, Baywatch, 'It's the best surprise you can have!': Pregnant Serena Williams insists she does NOT know sex of baby... after sister Venus referred to tot as 'she' Alan Thicke was warned about potential heart condition during appearance on Hollywood Medium... three MONTHS before dying of ruptured aorta Hats off to her! Jessica Chastain handles her extensive amount of luggage as she arrives in Milan in summery skirt and trendy fedora Fans go WILD as pregnant Beyonce is announced as headliner at Coachella 2018... after withdrawing from this year's festival amid baby news Spoiler, Mr President! Taylor Schilling and Laverne Cox recall meeting Barack and Michelle Obama... who were terrified they would let slip OITNB plot Kimo-no signs of stopping! Britney Spears cuts a jaded figure as she lands in Japan in a traditional beaded jacket... ahead of her first tour show Charlotte McKinney rocks a military jacket and knee-high boots at the launch of a Jay Z-inspired capsule collection at the Revolve store in LA Donald Trump, Jr. lashes out at Jeopardy! champ Ken Jennings for targeting Barron Trump after 'severed head' photo and calls for kids' author to be fired  Lunch to go! Lisa Rinna steps out makeup-free in gray sweater and Gucci fur-trimmed slippersas she picks up food from Hollywood eatery 'Together again!'  Bionic Woman Lindsay Wagner and Six Million Dollar Man Lee Majors reunite on set of family-friendly movie Photographed together What a handful! Travis Scott gets a firm grip on Kylie Jenner's ample derriere during PDA-heavy outing in Los Angeles Up close and personal She's at it again! Overly affectionate Nicole Kidman hugs her bodyguard after packing on the PDA with husband Keith Urban at Cannes Film Festival 'I can't imagine what it feels like': John Legend 'can't bear the thought of having to bury a child' following Manchester attack... and 'feels Ariana Grande's pain' Specs appeal! Sarah Hyland visits optometrist... a week after addressing her dramatic weight loss on Twitter She bit back at critics Smitten Richard Gere, 67, can't keep his hands off glamorous girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 34, at the premiere of his new film Norman in Madrid Packing on the PDA 'We were on fire': Rita Ora poses in sizzling fishnet bodysuit for sultry shoot as she teases her 'ambiguous' relationship with 'wifey' Cara Delevingne Ronnie Wood celebrates his 70th birthday with wife Sally, 39, and his twin daughters... as he reveals neck scar after having keyhole surgery  Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her taut midriff as she takes daughter Penelope to paint class... while ex Scott Disick is spotted with EIGHTH woman No Katie tonight? Jamie Foxx takes his '$2 million' customized Bugatti Veyron for spin... as relationship with Ms. Holmes 'goes from strength to strength' Smooth sailing! Lindsey Vonn sizzles in red bikini as she enjoys yacht time with beau Kenan Smith in Monaco Donned a sporty bikini aboard the luxury boat Birth, love and cheating: Shahs Of Sunset returns for drama-filled sixth season on Bravo The cast are facing changes in their lives 'We're old school': Braless Nicole shows off her legs for InStyle shoot... as she says she and husband Keith Urban never text one another Hedging your bets? The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell has yet to return her fiance Ben Higgins' ring after calling off engagement  Still keeping hold of it Giving love another chance! Amanda Stanton will return to Bachelor in Paradise following split from fiance Josh Murray Single again Famed talk show host Dick Cavett is selling his longtime 19-acre oceanfront Montauk home for a whopping $62million Pricey property The Moore the merrier! Mandy shows off assets in clinging white top as she mingles with fans at TV show taping Chatted with adoring supporters Phwoar-saw! Joanna Krupa flashes serious underboob as she attends fashion show in native Poland She is one of Poland's most famous exports 'She didn't want any spoilers': Justin Theroux says wife Jennifer Aniston won't 'run lines with me' for The Leftovers because she's a fan Eva Longoria cuts a stylish figure in pin-hugging denims as she films Overboard remake alongside Anna Faris in Canada Ex-Desperate Housewife Denim days! Allison Williams looks chic in a jean skirt as she leaves her hotel in New York Spotted making her way out onto the street before hailing a taxi Iron hug! Arnold Schwarzenegger gives his handsome son Patrick an affectionate squeeze in Beverly Hills After grabbing lunch with a pal in Beverly Hills 'Some of my fave people!' Kim Kardashian shares heartwarming photo of baby Saint and grandma Mary Jo on Instagram Family day out It's official! CBS announces that Scott Pelley is moving to 60 Minutes and Anthony Mason will be temporary anchor of evening news Taking on new roles The breast of friends! Kendall Jenner teases her taut stomach in sizzling crop top as she films Cara Delevingne jumping on inflatable boobs at Museum of Sex FIRST LOOK: Jessica Biel is covered in blood after 'an inexplicable fit of rage' while at the beach with her family in stills from upcoming series The Sinner Smitten Sophie Turner greets boyfriend Joe Jonas with a hug as they reunite in London ... as she prepares for imminent return of Game Of Thrones Sushi date! Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid enjoy a relaxed dinner together at their favorite restaurant Nobu in NYC Stunning stars were seen grabbing dinner Shocking video of Tiger Woods during his DUI arrest shows the golfer swaying, rolling his eyes and slurring his words as police give him field sobriety tests  No more beef! Bella Thorne grabs a greasy bite from Chick-fil-A...after shrugging off humiliating trip with sex addict Scott Disick Food to go Paris Hilton sizzles in skin-tight bandage dress as she gazes lovingly at boyfriend Chris Zylka during Hollywood date night  Pair seem smitten No smoke screen: Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart enjoys a cigarette outside a West Hollywood salon Still had a plastic cap on her head Zayn Malik cuts a casual figure in a novelty t-shirt and ripped denims as he heads to a New York recording studio  Singer looked ultra-cool  Taylor Swift scores early legal victory over DJ she claims grabbed her rear... but must face jury trial over allegation she had him fired He denies groping her Jenna Dewan celebrates hit ratings for World of Dance premiere over breakfast with hunky husband Channing Tatum New NBC series 'I am just as appalled and angry as everyone else': Chloe Moretz apologizes for body shaming ad for her new animated film She was criticized Tough session! Shirtless Justin Bieber steps out of boxing gym... and into the dentist after chipping a tooth Gym mishap Gal Gadot rocks black and white patterned mini dress at fan screening for Wonder Woman in New York Two days before the film's opening. New direction? Kesha steps out for lunch as it's revealed Eagles Of Death Metal cut two tracks with her for her third album Opted for a casual look Today's headlines Most Read Shocking moment a thief makes off with a wedding ring and backpack belonging to the Army vet who was stabbed... New video captures the moment Tiger Woods struggles to blow into a breathalyzer test in jail as the barefoot... Kathy Griffin claims she is a victim of bullying at  the hands of the Trump family as she prepares to hold a... Off-duty police officer working for Jimmy Kimmel Live! shoots a Pit Bull Terrier in packed Hollywood ice... Chilling new CCTV images show Manchester bomber prowling the city as he plotted the suicide attack that... At least one person is killed after a Cessna 180 plane crashes into hills north of Ventura County and... 'I represent the people of Pittsburgh NOT Paris': Trump pulls U.S. out of climate accord saying it is a... Split in Trump cabinet is laid bare as Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says Secretary of State Rex Tillerson... Jared WAS in the White House when Trump announced the climate treaty exit he and Ivanka opposed - meeting an... 'It's now up to cities to lead': Pittsburgh mayor trolls Trump after president mentions city to justify... Trump phoned Europe's top leaders to tell them he was pulling out of Paris - but France's Macron responded... Fox news host Kimberly Guilfoyle - once tipped to be taking Spicer's job - reveals Trump called her for her... 'And more proof': The Weather Channel trolls President Trump by devoting its homepage to bashing his... New York lights up One World Trade Center, Kosciuszko Bridge, and City Hall in green to protest Trump's... Trump is 'rejecting the future' by pulling out of Paris accord says Obama: Ex-president voices fury at move... Disney CEO Robert Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from the President's Council over his withdrawal from... Vladimir Putin tells Oliver Stone how he has escaped five assassination attempts as he admits that while... Kevin Durant dunks his way to 38 points and Steph Curry drains six three-pointers as Warriors dominate... Police officer who 'broke all the bones in soroity girls' face' when he slammed her to the ground during... Vlad to see you: Megyn Kelly dons off-the-shoulder velvet dress with a slit and massive platform shoes to... Dakota Access oil pipeline begins service as Native American tribes vow to continue fighting against $3.8... Man wanted for 'inappropriately touching underage girl repeatedly at Arlington National Cemetery on Memorial... The husband hunters: A new book reveals the extraordinary lengths American heiresses went to snap up... 'It was a real mystery': Rebel Wilson's U.S. agent was baffled by lull in Hollywood star's career and... Mother 'throws two-year-old son down a flight of subway stairs in the Bronx while he is strapped into his... Police investigate death of actress and former Texas beauty queen, 31, found dead in her home Movie based on Bill O'Reilly's bestselling book 'Killing Patton' has been scrapped by Fox's National... The mystery of the 'teen witch' with bone cancer buried face down in a Panama trash heap in 1300 AD Inside a heroin mill: Police seize $2million of in neatly packaged and branded 'bricks' of the drug and... MORE HEADLINES 'You can take it to the bank he's going to withdraw': Climate insider says Trump WILL pull out of Paris within hours (but others aren't so sure) 'I represent the people of Pittsburgh NOT Paris': Trump pulls U.S. out of climate accord saying it is a foreign attempt to seize American jobs and American wealth - and is immediately attacked by Obama Running tracks, 'pause areas' and a rooftop 'meadow': Google unveils massive plans for its VERY trendy new £1billion London HQ that is longer than the Shard is high  Graphic video captures the moment two bounty hunters and a fugitive shot each other dead in hail of bullets in front of shocked customers at a car dealership Megyn Kelly makes NBC debut: New host appears on 'Today' from Russia and confirms she will be interviewing Vladimir Putin - but does not acknowledge co-host Hoda Kotb Vlad to see you: Megyn Kelly dons off-the-shoulder velvet dress with a slit and massive platform shoes to chat with a transfixed President Putin in Russia At least 37 killed in Manila casino horror as they survive robber's gun rampage but die of smoke inhalation when he sets himself on fire Jared WAS in the White House when Trump announced the climate treaty exit he and Ivanka opposed - meeting an 'out of towner' while his father-in-law got standing ovation from the rest of his aides Plumes of smoke are seen towering above the Vatican after a fire at a car wrecking yard nearby We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say William and Harry: Princes make emotional admission in interview about Diana's death Trump’s armada finally arrives! Two giant US aircraft carriers in show of force off the coast of North Korea after President warned Kim Jong-un a month ago that warships were heading for the region - when one was actually in the Indian Ocean Celebrity nightmare: 15,000 medical records stolen from Beverly Hills plastic surgery clinic by a disgruntled ex-employee who also secretly took photos of patients during procedures and posted them to social media 'He is a soldier and deserves to be treated with respect': Couple are scolded after 'throwing a glove at a Queen's Guard to make him retrieve it' Cop, 47, is found dead in her bathtub from suspected overdose just after FBI re-opened probe into her police officer husband's mysterious suicide two years ago Family of missing mother who disappeared at sea on her Bahamas honeymoon raise doubts about her British husband's explanation as they reveal he left the country saying: 'You'll never see our daughter again' EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods' ex-wife Elin Nordegren was pulled over by Florida police for speeding - only 11 miles from where the golfer was arrested for DUI Trump is 'rejecting the future' by pulling out of Paris accord says Obama: Ex-president voices fury at move by successor  Kathy Griffin loses MORE gigs after the Trump 'severed head' picture: Five venues have canceled shows and CNN fired her from its New Year's Eve coverage in the wake of the shocking photo shoot Former Democratic official says Hillary's complaint about party's role in election loss is 'f***ing bulls**t'  Feminist group strips naked and forms a pile of bodies outside Argentine president's palace to protest violence against women Mother, 22, was left with two black eyes and a swollen face after 'her boyfriend beat and strangled her in front of her four-year-old son' Manchester bomber’s youngest victim Saffie Roussos' mother wakes up to be told of her eight-year-old daughter's death 'F*** you England!’: Mother, 22, 'gets death threats' after posting Facebook rant about Manchester attack's homeless heroes after waiting a year for social housing  Man who tied a noose around his wife's neck and dragged her through the streets tied to the back of their car as their two-year-old son watched is jailed for 14 years Revealed: Extraordinary letter from Beatle George Harrison begging photographer friend to let him use her work because he feared being 'poor and hungry' 'Freaked out' family who believe they are sharing their home with a ghost boy claim they have finally caught him on camera at their daughter's 10th birthday party  Model hired as a human sushi platter slaps male customer who 'groped her' (but the man protests the pair were paid to act the scene) EXCLUSIVE: Walmart insurer demands Tracy Morgan turn over medical records and income statements and testify over car crash settlement in which the comedian received '$90 million' WITHOUT ever being deposed MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Friday, Jun 02, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Retail Walmart testing store employee delivery of U.S. online orders Program would have workers deliver packages while driving home after regular work shifts ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on June 1, 2017 | Updated 2:17 p. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print BENTONVILLE, Ark. — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said today. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. Related Items arkansas , united states , north america , Wal-Mart Stores Inc , Amazon.com Inc Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Walmart to take on Amazon by asking staff to deliver online orders on their way home from work Workers can choose to participate and would be paid The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas Employees undergo background checks and will need clean driving records Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers  By Associated Press Published: 13:30 EDT, 1 June 2017 | Updated: 15:11 EDT, 1 June 2017 e-mail 138 shares 171 View comments In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The 'associate delivery' program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid.  A Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. HOW IT WORKS  Ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.  Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work – it’s completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time.  The software also allocate packages based on minimizing the collective distance they need to travel off of their commute to make a delivery. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. 'It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,' Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. 'Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.  'The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home.  'Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,' Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a 'very dense web' of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Climate change could kill off coastal nesting birds: Study... Women ALWAYS regret one-night stands more than men and... Chimpanzees pass on knowledge to the next generation and can... Launch of Samsung's digital voice assistant is delayed... Share this article Share 138 shares Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. 'This is completely an opt-in program,' he said Thursday. ' This is not something they are required to do.' So far, employees 'love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine,' Lore wrote. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much.  Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home - what the industry refers to as the 'last mile' - 'makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs,' Jariwala said. AMAZON VS WALMART  The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance.  Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price.  Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location.  And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two.     In its tests so far, Walmart says 'many' packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers.  Jariwala said that test is still going on. Share or comment on this article e-mail 138 shares Most watched News videos Beefeater tells woman off for throwing glove at Royal Guard Three dead after two bounty hunters shoot up Nissan dealership Trump announces U.S. will officially withdraw from Paris accord Catching a Killer: Documentary shows search for mother's killer Reports indicate Trump pulling US out of Paris climate deal Road rage pair kung-fu fight in middle of traffic jam in Malaga Dani Mathers apologizes for body shaming naked 70-year-old woman Jeremy Corbyn refuses to say if immigration would fall with him as PM Dramatic footage of rare mini TSUNAMI hitting Dutch beach resort Election 2017: The highlights from the BBC leaders' debate Timeline: Events that led to Tiger Woods' arrest suspicion of DUI Zookeeper mauled by a tiger talks about protecting the species 'I represent the people of Pittsburgh NOT Paris': Trump... At least 37 killed in Manila casino horror as they... 'You can take it to the bank he's going to withdraw':... Running tracks, 'pause areas' and a rooftop 'meadow':... 'He is a soldier and deserves to be treated with... We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say... Manchester bomber’s youngest victim Saffie Roussos'... Plumes of smoke are seen towering above the Vatican after... David Beckham, Gary Lineker and Ant and Dec lose their... 'F*** you England!’: Mother, 22, 'gets death threats'... Man who tied a noose around his wife's neck and dragged... Mother, 22, was left with two black eyes and a swollen... Graphic video captures the moment two bounty hunters and... Trump’s armada finally arrives! Two giant US aircraft... Feminist group strips naked and forms a pile of bodies... Megyn Kelly makes NBC debut: New host appears on 'Today'... Jared WAS in the White House when Trump announced the... Model hired as a human sushi platter slaps male customer... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 171 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a... Ripples in space time caused by the collision of two black holes are detected for a THIRD time: Discovery... Antarctic ice shelf crack is 'very close' to calving off and creating one of the biggest icebergs ever... Is the universe too hot for aliens to make contact? Scientists claim they are hibernating and waiting for it... Cyborg dragonfly spy takes to the sky: Researcher show off modified 'surveillance insect' The all-seeing self driving car: Intel CEO says technology will double as a network of security cameras The mystery of the 'teen witch' with bone cancer buried face down in a Panama trash heap in 1300 AD Hundreds of giant 12,000 year-old craters caused by methane blow-outs found on the Arctic sea floor (and... Facebook to take on Snapchat with new 'Talk' messaging app aimed at teens Disney CEO Robert Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from the President's Council over his withdrawal from... 'I represent the people of Pittsburgh NOT Paris': Trump pulls U.S. out of climate accord saying it is a... Weather forecasts are getting better (but still get it wrong 20% of the time) The app economy: Apple reveals it has paid over $70 BILLION to developers  The biggest plane EVER built: Microsoft billionaire unveils huge 'Stratolaunch' aircraft with two cockpits... Earth is on the brink of a sixth mass extinction putting animals at 'unprecedented' extinction risk in the... MORE HEADLINES Is Kodi crumbling? Three more add-ons shut down on the streaming software after legal threats from anti-piracy groups Disney CEO Robert Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from the President's Council over his withdrawal from the Paris Accord  World's most powerful X-ray laser creates a 'mini black hole' in the lab in a breakthrough that could lead to the development of new drugs Antarctic ice shelf crack is 'very close' to calving off and creating one of the biggest icebergs ever recorded What's inside the 'pit of Mars'? Satellites spot strange 'Swiss cheese' area of the red planet next to a giant hole Is the universe too hot for aliens to make contact? Scientists claim they are hibernating and waiting for it to cool down before they get in touch  Walmart to take on Amazon by asking staff to deliver online orders on their way home from work Have you been hacked? Password manager OneLogin is hit by a major breach and warns data has been compromised The mystery of the 'teen witch' with bone cancer buried face down in a Panama trash heap in 1300 AD Century-old Japanese martial arts book reveals the moves women can use to fight off male attackers Ripples in space time caused by the collision of two black holes are detected for a THIRD time: Discovery opens a new window on our universe The mystery of the blinking spots on the moon: NASA says FROST may cause strange reflections Hyperloop inches closer to reality: Full-scale test centre for Elon Musk's 760mph futuristic tubes opens in the Netherlands Reading with your child 'turbocharges' their brain: Storytime boosts their memory and problem-solving skills Words With Friends app adds President Trump's 'covfefe' to its dictionary MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'She started three families with three different people and f***** everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris Renee Zellweger wows in LBD as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Oscar-winning actress was a showstopper Well she is Beyonce's mom! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Tight clothing showed off her flawless curves Diva moment! Bethenny Frankel gestures wildly in frustration on set of her new reality show in NYC She's known for her emotional outbursts She's at it again! Edgy Kelly Osbourne debuts shimmery Mohawk braid hairstyle at Daytime Divas premiere Controversial figure when it comes to style So in love! Zoe Saldana looks chic as she cuddles up to husband Marco Perego at benefit for the Navy SEAL Foundation Adorable couple Nailed it! Karrueche Tran and Christina Milian look smoking hot for the Hollywood premiere of Claws The Claws were out in Hollywood on Thursday Leggy look! Keri Russell dons sexy black leather mini skirt as she joins Matthew Rhys at Americans LA event Keri went bare-legged in high-heeled pumps Kathy Griffin claims she has been bullied by the Trump family as she prepares to hold a press conference to explain why she did THAT photo shoot Khloe Kardashian puts her derriere on full display in skintight blue denim as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Added a burgundy tank top and gold flip flops Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign New campaign features a host of other stars, including Taylor Hill, 21 Pierce Brosnan and wife of 16 years Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX after romantic holiday in Hawaii Not impressed? Hailey Baldwin looks underwhelmed as she leaves posh Beverly Hills hotel in biker jacket Looked chic in a pair of dark blue jeans Kesha shows her country side in a denim shirt and red bandana as she jets out of LAX with boyfriend Brad Couple of more than three years Ashley Graham exposes cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles 'Love has no barriers': Celine Dion leads celebrities including Britney Spears and Selena Gomez in penning Pride letters 30 Days Of Pride She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split Rumors are not true 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat She was grilling him Keeping it casual: Ariel Winter, 19, dons baggy gray sweatpants and dark t-shirt for stroll with beau Levi Meaden, 29 Spotted out together Hold my hand mommy! Kourtney Kardashian steps out with Penelope for a day of shopping in Beverly Hills  The mother-of-three was spotted at the valet stand Mellow yellow! Anne Hathaway looks slim in a vibrant top while out in New York City Looked summery in a pair of ankle-length white jeans Making sweet music together: Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton head to a recording studio together in LA Looks like they are working on new music Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Blissful stroll with her daughter Melissa McCarthy dons chic checkered shawl as she enjoys Disneyland with her husband and daughters Spending time at the happiest place on Earth Peek-a-boo! Vanessa Hudgens appears shy as she dons demure athletic attire on outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Fitness fanatic 'It's actually pretty scary': Danay Garcia discusses fate of her character Luciana on Fear The Walking Dead She doesn't know if she'll be killed off No one's looking at your mouth! Kylie Jenner poses in black bra and undies while sprawled out on a white bed to promote new Lip Kit She stripped off NSFW: Playboy vet Kendra Wilkinson lets a Las Vegas dancer climb on her during male revue show... even though she's married with kids Back in her skinny jeans! Make-up free Irina Shayk shows off her slim figure as she steps out with baby Lea after jetting back from Cannes Hilary Swank cozies up to boyfriend Philip Schneider as she joins Robert Downey Jr and wife Susan at Emmy Rossum and Sam Esmail's wedding Footsore? Brooke Shields ditches heels for flip flops as she shops till she drops in NYC The actress, who turned 52 on Wednesday, was laden down with bags Such a tease! Shanina Shaik stuns in a skimpy leopard bikini at the beach as she cheekily reminds Australian fans 'my summer begins next week' From Paris with love! Sofia Richie and bestie Chloe Bartoli lunch in New York after their saucy trip to Cannes with Scott Disick Grabbing a bite to eat Tat's the spirit! Malin Ackerman reveals her hip back tattoo while lunching in flirty halter top Between her toned shoulder blades Heidi Klum, 43, hits the beach with shirtless beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in Mykonos... after revealing she has 'no problem with nudity' She recently posed nude Priyanka Chopra looks chic in lace ensemble at Baywatch interview... after 'hitting back' over being accused of 'disrespecting' Indian PM by wearing dress Trump's ex-wife Marla Maples is spotted cozying up to a mystery man on day out playing softball in Central Park after spiritual getaway with daughter Tiffany Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea flashes her midriff as she signs autographs and poses with fans at LAX airport  Broke into a wide smile when greeted by fans Joining the rebellion! Wilson greeted at court by placard-waving supporters as defamation suit against Woman's Day continues  Warm welcome Who's your papa? Fabio to star as the Pope in Sharknado 5 as list of celebrity cameos are revealed Romance novel model will play the pontiff Showing it off at the beach! Joanna Krupa's nipple peeks through her shredded white top as she splashes around in Malibu Showing off her body Vlad to see you: Megyn Kelly dons off-the-shoulder velvet dress with a slit and massive platform shoes to chat with a transfixed President Putin  'What would you do?' Khloe Kardashian cryptically asks followers for advice about an unnamed 'friend' who is 'stealing' from the reality starlet Calling on Saul? Tough guy fixer Mike seems ready to work for Gus in new Better Call Saul trailer... as sleazy lawyer's money woes worsen Smooth landing! Fresh-faced Margot Robbie is spotted arriving at LAX airport after jetting in from London Flawless Taking a chance on her! Amanda Seyfried set to reprise role in Mamma Mia! sequel due out in 2018 Almost a decade since original film hit theaters What happened to her nose? Khloe Kardashian shows off much bigger snout as she poses without the contouring makeup she relies on Also didn't use filters Jared and Ivanka head to shul before SKIPPING Rose Garden ceremony as President Trump withdraws from Paris Accord despite his daughter's protests PICTURED: Blushing bride Emmy Rossum stuns in custom Carolina Herrera gown as she marries Sam Esmail in New York Beamed a huge smile  Caitlyn Jenner keeps it comfortable in blue long-sleeved top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Malibu Went on her regular Starbucks coffee run Penelope gives us the plain truth: Actress says she not that glamorous as she talks about Murder On The Orient Express  New movie Kathy Griffin loses MORE gigs after the Trump 'severed head' picture: Five venues have canceled shows in the wake of the shocking photo shoot Doesn't he know how to drive? Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is again chauffeured to his favorite Hollywood hot spot Sun's out, guns out! Wonder Woman star Chris Pine flaunts his buff biceps in Miami Vice tank top as he grabs an iced coffee in NYC Ivanka Trump's daughter Arabella wears a dress by John Galliano on Jewish holiday - and the frock even features the anti-Semitic designer's signature Blooming beautiful! Transgender model Andreja Pejic dons floral blouse for summer stroll around New York Looked every bit the New Yorker Julia Roberts' upcoming TV series Today Will Be Different picked up by HBO It will be the first ever TV show for Roberts, who is also executive producer Tatt's nice! Male supermodel Jordan Barrett gets inked in Barcelona after hanging out with Lara Stone and Bella Hadid in Cannes European vacation Split! Workaholics actor Blake Anderson and wife Rachael Finley are set to divorce after five years of marriage and one child named Mars Her own best ad! Reese Witherspoon steps out toting a $165 straw purse from her line Draper James Wore tortoiseshell cat-eye sunglasses Checkmate! Rachel Weisz shows off her fashion prowess as she steps out in summery gingham shirt dress in New York Leaving the Today show Marilyn Monroe's Los Angeles home, where the Some Like It Hot actress overdosed in 1962, sells over the $6.9m asking price for $7.25m 'I am CRYING': Hamilton creator Lin-Manuel Miranda pays tribute to wife Vanessa with a 'V' tattoo on his ring finger - and spark social media meltdown We let our mother down... we couldn't protect her, say William and Harry: Princes make emotional admission in interview about Diana's death EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Game, set, match! Tennis ace Caroline Wozniacki enjoys a romantic day off from the French Open with NBA beau David Lee  She's her own best advertisement! Kendall Jenner puts on leggy display in off-the-shoulder romper over bodysuit from her clothing range  Brad Pitt is spotted treating the late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell's children to hot chocolate at Universal Studios Hollywood EXCLUSIVE: Walmart insurer demands Tracy Morgan turn over medical records and income statements and testify over '$90 million' car crash settlement  Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age of 292, go on tour AGAIN, we reveal the untold stories from 55 years on the road Sports writer who called Rihanna 'fat' and said her size was 'tough to stomach' is SUSPENDED from his job and reacts by slamming boss with vulgar tweet A clear winner! As Rihanna dons transparent shoes, FEMAIL rounds up the see-through pumps that will replace last year's flesh-tone sandals Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's Beverly Hills home being sold for $18M as personal belongings including movie memorabilia and  furniture goes to auction Major multi-tasking! Zoe Saldana pulls a Gisele Bundchen by sharing photo where she's getting glammed while holding baby and cell phone What will Gregg say! Bella Thorne goes TOPLESS on Snapchat before deleting raunchy video... after reuniting with ex Sulkin following Scott Disick 'humiliation' Step into summer! FEMAIL rounds up 24 chic espadrilles for YOU to shop to follow in the footsteps of Jennifer Aniston and Alessandra Ambrosio EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods' ex-wife Elin Nordegren pulled over by Florida police for speeding - only 11 miles from where golfer was arrested for DUI 'Normal is boring': Christina El Moussa's daughter Taylor wears statement shirt... after months of family drama between mom and dad Caught up in a divorce Beverly Hills, 90210 co-stars Tori Spelling and Ian Ziering reunite for the launch of his wife's mommy blog Looked very happy to see each other Twelve-year-old girl blows away the America's Got Talent judges with her incredible ventriloquism act that saw her singing with her mouth CLOSED PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are seen together for first time as pop superstar boards private jet with her little known actor beau  Baby on the way? Cristiano Ronaldo steps out with girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez in Corsica... after soccer stud's mom dismisses pregnancy rumors Nordic clans unite! Monarchs join the President of Finland for a gala dinner to celebrate 100 years of the country's independence Top of the world! Julianne Moore, 56, is youthful in red-and-white dress at Empire State Building in NYC as she speaks out about gun safety Twice as nice! Cat Deeley stuns in a ladylike white frock for interview in New York City... before emerging in gray slip and suede jacket Selena Gomez is 'head-over-heels in love' with beau The Weeknd and this relationship is 'very different' from the one she had with Justin Bieber 'I was moved by what a decent person Brad Pitt was': Meg Tilly, 57, talks 'generous' War Machine co-star as she returns to acting after 18 YEAR break 'A baguette dripping in cheese, some fries, a glass of wine': Health guru Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her daily diet and insists she never exercises on vacation It took 21 YEARS to bring Wonder Woman to the big screen - and at least 10 women including Beyoncé, a wrestler and a Bond girl were linked to the part 'It's a comedian's job to cross the line': Jim Carrey comes to Kathy Griffin's defense after bloody Trump head photo causes outrage Mask star speaks out  'Brand-new experience': will.i.am reveals Fergie is leaving The Black Eyed Peas and that Nicole Scherzinger is on band's forthcoming venture 'I would have been a lousy father!' Steve Martin, 71, reveals why it is important he became a dad later in life Hollywood star had his first child four years ago Heidi Montag says Lauren Conrad has NOT reached out to her even though they are both pregnant at same time... but Audrina and Kristin have Megyn Kelly makes Today debut reporting from Russia and confirms she will be interviewing Putin - but does not acknowledge co-host Hoda Kotb Did Pippa have a wedding smile-over? Dentists believe she had 'gold standard aligning, bleaching and bonding' ahead of her big day (just like big sister Kate) No heartache here! The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell beams at LA airport after revealing she has NOT returned diamond engagement ring to Ben Higgins Rod Stewart's wife Penny Lancaster, 46, shows off her model figure as she walks hand in hand with the rocker, 72, and son Aiden in St Tropez Salma Hayek stuns in a simple black dress with sheer detailing as she cozies up to husband François-Henri Pinault at Beatriz At Dinner screening in London Bristol Palin proudly shares a photo of newborn baby girl Atlee Bay showing off her 'first real smile' while being held by doting grandfather Todd Thrill ride! Moustachioed Johnny Depp appears alongside Daisy Ridley in suspense packed trailer for Murder On The Orient Express Johnny Depp 'had no idea his managers used his assets to take out $40m in loans to cover up mishandling money' Explosive allegations about star's finances Prince Harry's former flame Chelsy Davy says launching a jewelry line brought out her 'inner geek' as she models her own designs in a stunning photoshoot  'Kiss for Daddy': David Beckham enjoys quality time with children Harper and Brooklyn on African holiday His wife Victoria sadly missed out on the fun Making a splash! Kelly Ripa dons paper crown and patterned midi as she and Ryan Seacrest spray hoses in Live gag Spotted outside ABC studio in NYC Chris Cornell's widow says they are waiting for toxicology results to clear up questions about his suicide and believes prescription drugs made him want to self-harm  'First time and the last time we were together': Chris Cornell's brother Peter breaks his silence on the rocker's death by posting touching tribute Went on Facebook  'I am not going to be body shamed for being pale or not stick thin!': Ireland Baldwin fires back at haters after sharing lingerie photos Upset by comments  Kylie Jenner superfan, 19, gets his EIGHTH tattoo inspired by the star, and reveals his Kylie-covered bedroom in a documentary about his obsession On the mend? Gwyneth Paltrow tries to get back in her stride despite her injured foot still requiring a medical boot  Did her best not to limp as she did errands  'I asked her some dumb questions': Elisabeth Moss reveals she exhausted author of The Handmaid's Tale for information about her role on shocking drama Who needs down time? Athletic newlyweds Pippa and James squeeze in a jog around Sydney Opera House on their action-packed honeymoon  Come and get it while it's hot! Ali Larter shines as she feasts on fancy fried chicken at Beverly Hills restaurant The 41-year-old could not hide her happiness  Obamas buy 8,200-square-foot mansion they were renting in exclusive Kalorama neighborhood of Washington, DC, for $8.1million Fab in florals! Isla Fisher is radiant in springtime ensemble as she joins Denis Leary and John Hodgman on a panel at BookExpo 2017 in New York Sorry for flooding your feed! Justin Bieber posts 24 photos on Instagram within an hour... including THAT photo of him fighting man twice his size Ahoy, matey! Supermodel Karlie Kloss shoots a cover girl look while walking in NYC with snazzy sailor-inspired slacks Flashing her smile  'I can't censor myself': Photographer Tyler Shields stands by severed head picture despite Kathy Griffin losing CNN job and says he would do it again Pretty in prints! Vanessa Hudgens is a happy shopper in cute maxi dress alongside boyfriend of six years Austin Butler Spotted at Whole Foods  'Dungeon and torture chamber': Bethenny Frankel bursts into tears twice on RHONY under stress from ex Lost it twice during Wednesday's episode Nicole Kidman, 49, says she's 'thrilled' to be playing the MOTHER of Jason Momoa, 37, in Aquaman even though she's only 12 years older than him Annabelle Wallis is the picture of class in billowing floral maxi dress as she promotes The Mummy with co-star Sofia Boutella at the AOL Build Series Fun in the sun! FEMAIL reveals how to accessorize your swimsuit like Kourtney Kardashian, Kendall Jenner and Alessandra Ambrosio Heavenly! Victoria's Secret model Romee Strijd gives a peek at toned stomach in tie-up shirt over crop top on New York stroll with beau All of me! Naked Chrissy Teigen guards her modesty as she shows off her fresh spray tan on Snapchat She stripped off on social media Sweet charity! Jerry and Jessica Seinfeld take the kids to a philanthropic party in New York's Central Park Stepped out for a good cause on Wednesday Marcus Welby, MD nurse Elena Verdugo dies at age 92 after a long Hollywood career that included starring in House Of Frankenstein Starred in show 7 years Children who survived the Manchester terror attack will sing alongside Ariana Grande at star-studded benefit concert on Sunday Salma Hayek shows off her toned arms in a dark midi dress with unusual cut-out shoulder panels at the Sundance Film Festival: London From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Minimal cardio, LOTS of food and heavy weights: Australian mother-of-two, 23, who is Khloe Kardashian's fitness 'motivation' reveals the secrets to her incredible figure 40 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu ON THE WAY HOME Walmart is turning its employees into delivery drivers to compete with Amazon Written by Oliver Staley June 01, 2017 Walmart has 6,100 trucks, and it plans to use them. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) Share Written by Oliver Staley June 01, 2017 Walmart, which is aggressively investing in e-commerce to better compete with Amazon, is unveiling a new strategy: turning its army of 1.5 million US employees into delivery drivers. The tactic is being tested at three stores in New Jersey and Arkansas, and designed to shave costs out of the “last mile” of distribution, the most expensive part of getting goods to customers. The initiative was announced today (June 1) at Walmart’s headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas, and in a blog post by Marc Lore, who heads e-commerce operations for Walmart. Lore is the former CEO of e-commerce startup Jet.com, which was acquired last year by Walmart for $3.5 billion to take on Amazon. Under the initiative, store employees will be given the option to deliver packages on their way home after work, in exchange for extra pay. They’ll be given an app that allows them to input their routes, and an algorithm will plot the most efficient path. To take part, the employees will have to pass a background and vehicle check. In the pilot, most merchandise was delivered the day after the order was placed, beating Walmart’s pledge of second-day delivery. Walmart’s digital strategy relies on leveraging its enormous investments in infrastructure and employees. The company has 4,700 US stores and 6,100 trucks, and it hopes to be able to use those assets to narrow the gap with Amazon. Walmart is rolling out a grocery pick-up service, where online orders are delivered to customers’ cars, and is testing other ways of combining online shopping with its physical stores. Walmart’s online deliveries are now shipped from its warehouses to online fulfillment centers, then taken to customers by couriers like UPS and FedEx, sometimes hundreds of miles. Under the new plan, e-commerce goods would be shipped by Walmart’s fleet of trucks to stores, then the last mile by employees. If there aren’t enough employees available, Walmart will use normal couriers. By deputizing its associates as delivery drivers, Walmart may be signaling the end of its experiment of using Lyft and Uber drivers as couriers. “This is very different from crowd-sourced delivery,” Lore said in Bentonville. “It pulls out a tremendous amount of time from that last mile, which pulls out a tremendous amount of cost.” Most Popular Stop being positive and just cultivate neutrality for existential cool Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Store-to-door deliveries by Wal-Mart employees raises insurance liability question California-based cannabis testing lab plans to open an office in Arkansas UA startup team Grox Industries wins business plan competition in Las Vegas Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate Fort Smith acknowledges improperly claimed waste recycling credits to ADEQ Paul Spencer eyeing Democratic challenge to U.S. Rep. French Hill Great Arkansas Treasure Hunt adds new cash assets for claim Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate Fort Smith acknowledges improperly claimed waste recycling credits to ADEQ Metro Appliances opens new location in Lowell Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul U.S. Rep. Hill focused on financing secrecy in oversight role Rep. Collins thinks gun policy right where it needs to be, Rep. Blake wants more exemptions Lt. Gov. Tim Griffin says Special Counsel on Russia not a ‘witch hunt’ Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart testing use of employees to offer final mile delivery on Jet and Walmart.com orders BusinessLatest News by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 13 hours ago 265 views  Tags: final mile delivery Wal-Mart 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart announced Thursday (June 1) it has for the past month tested a final mile service for online orders of general merchandise from Jet.com and Walmart.com using store employees to make the deliveries on their way home from work. One store in Northwest Arkansas and two and in New Jersey were used to conduct the tests for about four weeks. They delivered dozens of packages to customer homes, most often the day after they were ordered online, according to Ravi Jariwalla, corporate spokesman for Walmart U.S. e-commerce. Jariwalla did not say how much the employees earn for opting into this service, but he did say it’s added pay they can earn while driving home on their normal route. The employees have the choice to participate, but everyone who is chosen for the final mile tasks must pass a background check and their driving record is also reviewed. Employees may choose the days they want to deliver, the size and weight of the packages and how many deliveries they want to make. Wal-Mart has created an algorithm that overlaps employee addresses with delivery destinations on customer orders. The company said an employee will not be asked to drive out of their way to deliver a package. “Think about where our associates live and it’s very close to where the orders are coming from creating a web optimized for final mile,” Jariwalla said. He said Wal-Mart is using its trucks to move the online orders from fulfillment centers to the store, then using participating employees to run the final delivery leg. He said it’s taking costs and time out of the supply chain and employees are able to earn extra money in the process. Final mile is the most expensive leg of the the supply chain and Jariwala said the company has made dozens of deliveries and the majority of the orders arrive the next day, even faster than the two-day guaranteed free delivery on orders over $35. Just last year Wal-Mart announced it was piloting the use of Lyft and Uber to facilitate grocery delivery in select markets. Jariwalla said those test are ongoing, and the new final mile option is for general merchandise only. “Associates are fully in control of their experience. … We allocate packages based on minimizing the collective distance they need to travel off of their commute to make a delivery,” he said. When asked about how long it might take for the retailer to roll out this service, he said they are still in the trial phase and it’s too early to discuss a roll out. Given Wal-Mart’s store footprint of almost 4,700 stores and 1.5 million employees combined with the 10-mile proximity most customers have to a Walmart store, it’s possible the idea of employee delivery could help with the final mile dilemma faced by retailers. “The response from our associates and customers has been great. An unexpected benefit for our associates is that many of them have found quicker routes home thanks to the GPS built into the app,” Jariwalla said. He said the company continues to test different processes as it strives to offer customers savings and convenience. He said the pick-up discount recently announced is about saving customers’ money, but for others the home delivery is about convenience. Walmart is uniquely positioned to offer this service, Jariwalla said. “Wal-Mart feels very different on June 1 than it did on January 1. … Walmart U.S. e-commerce CEO Marc Lore will talk more about this final mile delivery test,” he said. Following is the complete – and unedited – message Lore posted Thursday. Leveraging our Strengths and Assets to Serve Customers in New Ways: Walmart Begins Testing Associate Delivery The best innovations are the ones that truly help customers save time and money. We’re doing a lot of both. Online Grocery Pickup and two-day free shipping are saving people tons of time, and our new Pickup Discount is using our massive fleet of trucks to get online orders to stores where customers can pick up items for an additional discount and save even more money. Now, our latest test is taking this another step further and leveraging one of our greatest assets – our associates – to get online orders to customers’ doors. Why is that a big deal? Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business. It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup. Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house. The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home. Associates are fully in control of their experience. If they don’t want to participate, they don’t have to. If they choose to opt in, we’ve built technology that allows them to set preferences. Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work – it’s completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time. We also allocate packages based on minimizing the collective distance they need to travel off of their commute to make a delivery. Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates. Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way. It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer. We’re starting small with three test stores – two in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas – but the response from associates and customers has been great. Many orders are being delivered the next day, and associates love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine. An unexpected benefit is they’re finding quicker routes home thanks to the GPS built into our proprietary app. This last-mile innovation is one of a kind. Unlike crowdsourced delivery, where the driver has to travel (often out of the way) to pick up the package, then drive the full distance to deliver it, our associates are starting at the same place as the packages. Once they’re done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head towards home. What I’m most proud of is how all areas of Walmart, from e-commerce to store operations to supply chain, came together to innovate rapidly for our customers – and in a way that puts our associates in control. I’m sure you can imagine how we can leverage these types of last-mile innovations in the future to deliver items offered in our stores to customers the same day. I’m excited to continue exploring more ways to bring our digital and physical strengths together to serve customers. Comments comments Previous post Metro Appliances opens new location in Lowell Next post Residential sector has 52% of small solar power generators Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Latest Popular Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ 6 hours ago Store-to-door deliveries by Wal-Mart employees raises insurance liability question 6 hours ago Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty 8 hours ago Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate 9 hours ago Fort Smith acknowledges improperly claimed waste recycling credits to ADEQ 9 hours ago Annual meeting entertainment rooted in Sam Walton’s desire for a good time 1,985 views Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers 1,706 views Startups to Watch: Chef Shuttle bought by Minneapolis-based Bite Squad 1,346 views The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks 1,252 views Ernest Hemingway’s refuge in Northeast Arkansas continues to attract visitors 903 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us

Skip to main content Login Classifieds CarsHQ JobsHQ HomesHQ ApartmentsHQ Classifieds Marketplace Duluth News Tribune Search Search Sections Home news Headlines Shipping Traffic for June 2, 2017 Bygones for June 2, 2017 Northland natives to arrive with massive C-17 for Duluth Airshow Airshow strengthens security for weekend performances Aviator's legacy: Einarson recalls Lindbergh, helping build International Falls as aviation destination More Topics crime education health iron range politics st louis county superior business Headlines State Commerce Department: Minnesota Power should lower rates Judge blocks Montana mine over environmental concerns Harley wants to teach entire North Dakota town to ride motorcycles Why Walmart is asking its employees to deliver packages on their way home from work Engwall flower shop leaves downtown Duluth More Topics construction energy mining money shipping technology transportation sports Headlines Curry, Durant help Warriors rout Cavs in Game 1 Prep softball: Hermantown rallies to beat Chisago Lakes in Section 7AAA final Huskies rally to beat Bucks in 10 innings Prep Report: Bulldogs stun Tigers, earn first state softball berth Prep playoff schedule More Topics baseball basketball football golf hockey preps running features Headlines How do you get rid of ants? ETIQUETTE: How to decline being a bridesmaid Plumber: Looking for aggressive water-saving plumbing fixtures Understanding fine line between flirting, friendliness in the office Duluth Superior Film Festival highlights the region, women and Native Americans More Topics pursuits taste A&E home weekend featured columnists milestones Headlines Happy Birthday, Shirl! Marvin and Jean Peterson Larson-Privette Braxton Paul William Langenbrunner Akason-Kilsdonk More Topics weddings engagements anniversaries new arrivals 100 candles special occasions obituaries Headlines James E. Lind Peggy Joyce Atol Royce D. Bird Michael J. Tomperi Andrew Bernard Hagen More Topics memorials opinion Headlines Reader's View: Catholic group building positive representation Reader's View: Homecroft parents, let's fight for our principal Local View: North Korea not a world war in the making Local View: DeVos' education budget would marginalize at-risk students White supremacists love Vikings. But they've got history all wrong. More Topics columns editorial cartoons local view national view other view our view readers views outdoors Headlines 2017 Nice Fish Gallery MN DNR Weekly Report for May 30, 2017 Outdoors calendar Ask a Conservation Officer: What are the rules for floatplanes and aquatic invasive species? Houston's fishing report: Water temps on the rise in the Twin Ports More Topics fishing hunting community Headlines YourSports Pets of the Week Faces Make a Difference Heroes remembered: Superior Police honor slain officers More Topics scrapbook family Weather Forecast Close Forecast Radar Why Walmart is asking its employees to deliver packages on their way home from work By Washington Post on Jun 1, 2017 at 1:26 p.m. FILE PHOTO - A Walmart store is seen in Encinitas, California, U.S. on April 13, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo Walmart's newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The idea, Walmart executives said Thursday, is to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers' homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfillment process. "It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup," Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart's eCommerce business, and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post Thursday afternoon. "Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house." The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores - two in New Jersey, one in northwest Arkansas - but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Employees will be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. "Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this," he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. "There is really strong overlap between where are associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go." The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Jariwala said Walmart employees have delivered hundreds of packages over the last month, fulfilling orders placed on Jet.com, which Walmart acquired last year, as well as Walmart's own website. The announcement comes as Walmart doubles down on its online business, where sales grew 63 percent in the first quarter of this year. The company - long the country's largest retailer - has taken aggressive steps in the past year, beginning with its $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com to compete with Amazon.com, which currently accounts for about 33 percent of the country's online sales. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the founder of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Walmart has also been rapidly expanding its grocery pickup program, in which shoppers retrieve online orders in the parking lots of a nearby store. More recently, the company has begun offering discounts on certain digital purchases if customers opt to pick them up in-store. In that model, Walmart uses its own trucking fleet to deliver packages to stores, tapping into an existing transportation network. A year ago, Walmart announced it would partner with ride-sharing services like Uber, Lyft and Deliv to deliver groceries in Phoenix, Denver and Miami. Those efforts are ongoing, Jariwala said. Walmart's move comes as Amazon continues to build up its transportation and logistics firepower to support speedy delivery. Amazon.com has leased a fleet of 40 cargo jets to bolster its supply chain, and has developed an Amazon-branded trucking fleet. The Seattle-based company has also created Amazon Flex, an on-demand network of drivers, in which the model is similar to Uber or Lyft. The program is voluntary for Walmart employees, Jariwala said, adding that they can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app. They can also set size and weight limits on packages. If there are not enough employees to deliver packages, Jariwala said carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said. "This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift." Explore related topics:BusinessWalmartAmazonPackagesDeliveryBusinessWashington Post Advertisement Latest Reader's View: Catholic group building positive representation1 hour ago Reader's View: Homecroft parents, let's fight for our principal1 hour ago Local View: North Korea not a world war in the making1 hour ago Local View: DeVos' education budget would marginalize at-risk students1 hour ago Shipping Traffic for June 2, 20171 hour ago Bygones for June 2, 20171 hour ago Curry, Durant help Warriors rout Cavs in Game 12 hours ago Prep softball: Hermantown rallies to beat Chisago Lakes in Section 7AAA final2 hours ago more 〉 Account Manage My Account Manage Home Delivery Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Newspaper Subscribe to the Paper Contact Contact Us Get Website Help Work With Us More JobsHQ CarsHQ HomesHQ Northland Outdoors Agweek Impact Magazine Social Areavoices Twitter Facebook RSS Feeds Forum Communications Company 3.0 © Duluth News Tribune Forum Communications Company websitesupport@forumcomm.com © Duluth News Tribune and Forum Communications Company 424 W. First St. Duluth, Minnesota 55802 Call us at (218) 723-5281
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Making Sense of the Connected Life Connected devices from Amazon Echo to smart toothbrushes are taking over, but few of us recognize their real power and potential. Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Can You Drop This Off on Your Way Home? Walmart Tests Delivery by Store Employees By Jack Neff - 1 hour ago Array 0 Google's New London HQ to Have a Basketball Court and Roof Trail 1 hour ago Array 0 `Wonder Woman' Sets Out on Her Quest to Transform Hollywood 1 hour ago Array 0 Anna Rose Holmer Joins RSA, Anonymous Adds Green By Alexandra Jardine - 1 hour ago Array 0 Ezra Klein: Trump Is 'Recklessly, Impulsively Endangering His Own Presidency' By Simon Dumenco - 2 hours ago Array 0 Can You Drop This Off on Your Way Home? Walmart Tests Delivery by Store Employees By Jack Neff - 1 hour ago 0 Burger King Gives Up the 'King' in Its Name Following Belgian Royal Family Shenanigans By Ann-Christine Diaz - 3 hours ago 0 Microsoft Overhauls Skype for the Age of Snapchat 3 hours ago 0 Ezra Klein: Trump Is 'Recklessly, Impulsively Endangering His Own Presidency' By Simon Dumenco - 2 hours ago 0 Tiny Toast is Toast: General Mills Benches Brand Name By Jessica Wohl - 14 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Can You Drop This Off on Your Way Home? Walmart Tests Delivery by Store Employees By Jack Neff. Published on June 01, 2017. Meet your new Walmart delivery driver. Credit: Walmart Most Popular Walmart has a new idea for beating the high cost of shipping e-commerce packages – paying store employees to deliver them on their way home. The program aims at using one of Walmart's biggest assets – more than a million U.S. store employees – to help close its big e-commerce sales gap with Amazon. Walmart has more than 4,700 stores, putting potential delivery nodes within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. In a test that launched a month ago in two stores in New Jersey and one in Northwest Arkansas, employees can opt in to deliver packages on their way home for extra pay. They use an app that offers opportunities to deliver up to 10 packages per commute. In a news conference in Bentonville on Thursday, spokesman Ravi Jariwala said the program is entirely voluntary. He declined to specify the pay, but said finding the right compensation is part of the test. And he said the retailer will comply with all applicable state and federal labor laws, such as those covering overtime. "It just makes sense," said Walmart E-Commerce chief Marc Lore in a blog post. "We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to to stores for pickup. Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating employee can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house." Related Stories Walmart's E-Commerce Surge and Other Takeaways for Brands Four Things to Expect from Walmart's Shareholder Week Walmart e-commerce is on a roll, with eye-popping 63% sales growth last quarter -- more than half of it organically from the legacy Walmart.com business rather than Jet.com acquired last September. Dropping the annual membership fee for free two-day delivery and offering discounts for picking up products in store have fueled that growth. But those things also add costs to an e-commerce business that has yet to make a profit. Employees will wear their vests during the home commute/delivery trip and knock on doors of recipients, Jariwala said. If they're not home, employees will leave the package on the doorstep and take photos with their phones as proof of delivery. Employees who volunteer for the program will get background and motor-vehicle safety checks. Walmart previously has considered having customers deliver e-commerce packages -- but having employees do the same thing adds an extra element of control. Walmart also continues tests launched last year in Phoenix and Denver with Uber and Lyft to have their drivers deliver its packages to homes. But unlike "crowdsourced solutions" where drivers have to go out of their way to pick up and then deliver the packages, Lore noted that Walmart employees start from the shipping site and will be using routes that don't take them out of the way. "I'm sure you can imagine how we can leverage these types of last-mile innovations in the future to deliver items offered in our stores to customers the same day," Lore said. In this article: CMO Strategy CPG Digital Retail Shopper Marketing Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2017 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Gibson Guitar 5K Job fair directory Mobile apps Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Investigates Andy's Consumer Tip of the Week SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News First Alert Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) First Alert: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast First Alert Traffic Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests Mid-South Heroes 90105 Connects.com Official Rules: Memphis Air Show Tickets About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 2017-06-01T17:26:48Z2017-06-01T17:26:48Z By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics Writer BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) - Walmart says it's testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while they are driving home from their work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. It's the company's latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon. Walmart says it has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population. Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, says imagine all the routes employees drive to and from work, "and the houses they pass along the way." Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> 1 in critical condition after shooting on Elvis Presley Blvd. 1 in critical condition after shooting on Elvis Presley Blvd. Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 11:13 PM EDT2017-06-02 03:13:18 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A person was shot Thursday evening and is in critical condition, according to Memphis Police Department.   More >> A person was shot Thursday evening and is in critical condition, according to Memphis Police Department.  More >> FIRST ALERT: Scattered storms possible this weekend FIRST ALERT: Scattered storms possible this weekend Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 11:08 PM EDT2017-06-02 03:08:53 GMT Scattered storms will be possible Friday afternoon. Rain chances remain in the forecast as the week comes to a close but don’t expect a washout.  More >> Scattered storms will be possible Friday afternoon. Rain chances remain in the forecast as the week comes to a close but don’t expect a washout.  More >> Veteran gives his hat to St. Jude patient during emergency evacuation Veteran gives his hat to St. Jude patient during emergency evacuation Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 10:57 PM EDT2017-06-02 02:57:55 GMT (Source: Solis family) One St. Jude Family is giving thanks to a guardian angel for his act of kindness that turned an emergency situation into an inspiration. More >> One St. Jude Family is giving thanks to a guardian angel for his act of kindness that turned an emergency situation into an inspiration. More >> Doors close on decades old Mid-South restaurant Jim's Place Doors close on decades old Mid-South restaurant Jim's Place Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 10:44 PM EDT2017-06-02 02:44:36 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) A decades-old Mid-South restaurant staple has closed its doors for good. More >> A decades-old Mid-South restaurant staple has closed its doors for good. More >> 26K still without power, residents living in damaged homes 26K still without power, residents living in damaged homes Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 10:43 PM EDT2017-06-02 02:43:38 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) The latest round of storms Thursday caused additional problems for Memphis residents and crews working to turn on the lights for thousands.  More >> The latest round of storms Thursday caused additional problems for Memphis residents and crews working to turn on the lights for thousands. More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, June 02, 2017, 1:56 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Latest News / Wal-Mart testing store employee delivery of online orders in Arkansas, N.J. By The Associated Press This article was published June 1, 2017 at 1:03 p.m. Comments aAFont Size PHOTO BY MORNING NEWS A sign is seen outside Wal-Mart headquarters in Bentonville in this 2012 file photo. BENTONVILLE — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Wal-Mart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Wal-Mart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world's largest retailer said workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Wa-Mart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Wa-Mart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Wal-Mart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. Read Friday's Arkansas Democrat-Gazette for full details. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Latest News Arkansas woman wins $250,000 in state lottery... 21-year-old arrested after Arkansas bar fight... Father charged in child abuse death of 1-mont... EXPLORE INSIDE: Interactive photos show Arkan... Wal-Mart testing store employee delivery of o... 3rd suspect in fatal shooting at Arkansas par... Little Rock man, 37, killed when car veers of... 3 from Arkansas universities on ballot for Co... Burglar breaks Little Rock liquor store door,... More Latest News stories > Comments on: Wal-Mart testing store employee delivery of online orders in Arkansas, N.J. To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Video of Trump as decapitated costs comic Kathy Griffin jobs (22 comments) At home, Trump faces growing inquiries (61 comments) VIDEO: Trump pulling U.S. from global climate pact, upsetting allies (16 comments) CNN cuts ties with Kathy Griffin over severed head video (36 comments) Putin denies involvement in hacking, praises Trump (10 comments) BRENDA LOOPER: An uncivil war (26 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart tests store employee delivery of online orders Walmart’s own store employees will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts Post to Facebook Walmart tests store employee delivery of online orders Walmart’s own store employees will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2ruKKk6 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart tests store employee delivery of online orders Christopher S. Rugaber, Associated Press 1:35 p.m. ET June 1, 2017 In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. (Photo: Saul Loeb / Getty Images) 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Bentonville, Ark. — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2ruKKk6 TOP VIDEOS Impressions of Wednesday's Mackinac Conference 6:41 Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24 Raw video: Taking a hot lap on Belle Isle 3:58 Little Caesars world headquarters hosts 'topping out' ceremony 1:33 Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip US   A machete lies on the ground. (Hristo Uzunov/Shutterstock)    Teen Girl Accused Of Hacking Chicago Uber Driver To Death In Unprovoked Attack Will Racke 1:54 PM 06/01/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP A teenage girl from Chicago has been charged with the gruesome slaying of an Uber driver, whom she allegedly stabbed to death with a knife and machete she stole from Walmart just minutes before the unprovoked attack. Eliza Wasni, 16, was charged Wednesday afternoon with the murder of Grant Nelson, a 34-year-old man from suburban Wilmette. A Cook County judge ordered her held without bail for an act prosecutors called “heinous” and “not provoked in any manner,” the Chicago Tribune reported. Police say that Nelson had picked up Wasni early Tuesday a few blocks from a Walmart in the nearby town of Skokie. Minutes into the ride, she began stabbing him from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and escape to a condominium building lobby, where he pleaded with bystanders for assistance. “Help me, help me. I’m going to die,” he said, according to Assistant State’s Attorney Michelle Cunningham. While Nelson bled out in the condo lobby, prosecutors say, Wasni took off in his car, immediately crashed into a median, and fled on foot. She was found nearby wearing only a bra and leggings, with a trail of blood leading responding officers to the condominium lobby where Nelson lay. The Uber driver, who prosecutors say was a “random victim,” was able to describe Wasni to police but later died at a nearby hospital. During Wasni’s hearing, Nelson’s family members sobbed when prosecutors described him begging for help in the lobby before he was found on the ground outside in a pool of blood, reports the Tribune. Surveillance video footage from Walmart showed Wasni walking around the store with a knife and machete and then leaving without paying for them, according to Cunningham. The teenager took two Uber rides before hailing Nelson near the Walmart, apparently in violation of a company policy that requires riders to be at least 18 years old. An Uber spokeswoman said in a statement Wednesday the company is “heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson. Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.” Cook County Judge Michael Hood ordered Wasni to be held without bail, and prosecutors are charging the 16-year-old as an adult with first-degree murder. Follow Will on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Chicago, Cook County Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Power of 9 Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Sports Headlines LSU earns 3rd straight WCWS trip SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators The Investigators: Caught Red Handed: Inmate escapes caught on surveillance The Investigators: Misuse of Position? Mayor accused of escorting people into town hall, helping them vote WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Take A Road Trip Best of the Class: 2017 Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 2017-06-02T04:24:12Z2017-06-02T04:24:12Z By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics Writer BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) - In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home - what the industry refers to as the "last mile" - "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Clinton: Trump unleashed 'dangerous' level of hate Clinton: Trump unleashed 'dangerous' level of hate Posted: Friday, June 2 2017 2:59 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:59:04 GMT Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 2:59 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:59:04 GMT Hillary Clinton says President Donald Trump's White House could be doing "lasting damage" to U.S. institutions.More >> Hillary Clinton says President Donald Trump's White House could be doing "lasting damage" to U.S. institutions.More >> 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire Posted: Friday, June 2 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:58:31 GMT Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:58:31 GMT Witnesses say gunshots and explosions have been heard at a mall, casino and hotel complex near Manila's international airport in the Philippine capital.More >> Witnesses say gunshots and explosions have been heard at a mall, casino and hotel complex near Manila's international airport in the Philippine capital.More >> States, cities pledge action on climate even without Trump States, cities pledge action on climate even without Trump Posted: Friday, June 2 2017 2:41 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:41:25 GMT Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 2:41 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:41:25 GMT Even if President Donald Trump withdraws U.S. support for the Paris climate change accord, domestic efforts to battle global warming will continue. More >> Even if President Donald Trump withdraws U.S. support for the Paris climate change accord, domestic efforts to battle global warming will continue.More >> California, New York, Washington unite to back climate pact California, New York, Washington unite to back climate pact Posted: Friday, June 2 2017 2:41 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:41:21 GMT Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 2:41 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:41:21 GMT Three Democratic governors say they won't let the United States back away from the global commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions despite President Donald Trump withdrawing from an international pact.More >> Three Democratic governors say they won't let the United States back away from the global commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions despite President Donald Trump withdrawing from an international pact.More >> Reggae star Damian Marley, others buy control of High Times Reggae star Damian Marley, others buy control of High Times Posted: Friday, June 2 2017 2:38 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:38:34 GMT Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 2:38 AM EDT2017-06-02 06:38:34 GMT A group of investors that includes reggae star Damian Marley has bought a controlling interest in High Times, the magazine that for decades has been the bible of pot smokers.More >> A group of investors that includes reggae star Damian Marley has bought a controlling interest in High Times, the magazine that for decades has been the bible of pot smokers.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrest More >> Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrestMore >> Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues. More >> Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues.More >> Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia. More >> A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia.More >> Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digs More >> If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digsMore >> Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to facts More >> U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to factsMore >> AP Explains: Kushner and the back story of back channels AP Explains: Kushner and the back story of back channels AP Explains: Kushner and the back story of back channels More >> AP Explains: Kushner and the back story of back channelsMore >> Officer's attorneys want Castile gun permit evidence omitted Officer's attorneys want Castile gun permit evidence omitted Attorneys for Minnesota police officer charged in Philando Castile's shooting death want statements about man's permit to carry a gun omitted at trial More >> Attorneys for Minnesota police officer charged in Philando Castile's shooting death want statements about man's permit to carry a gun omitted at trialMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 66° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 88F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 66F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 2, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press In this Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2013, file photo, two Wal-Mart employees walk past a sign in the lobby at the Walmart.com office in San Bruno, Calif. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) AP Walmart testing store employee delivery of U.S. online orders Associated Press 12 hrs ago (…) The Associated Press In this Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2013, file photo, two Wal-Mart employees walk past a sign in the lobby at the Walmart.com office in San Bruno, Calif. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) BENTONVILLE, Ark. • In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees to deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records, Jariwala said. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Business General News View (…) comments Most popular Dogtown apartments, grocery store move ahead Boutique fitness studios breaking a sweat to multiply rapidly Chipotle says hackers stole payment card info in data breach Study says investors could lose big if Trump administration deep-sixes 'fiduciary rule' More than dozen St. Louis area Chipotle restaurants affected by hacking incident Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section New minimum wage study has fodder for both sides of debate South St. Louis auto repair business traces its start to the 1890s Business Bulletin Board Tracy tapped as head of Cuivre River Electric Co-op Business Calendar Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Get your Father something cool! Sign up for the 6th Annual Old Newsboys charity golf tournament today! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Investigation Troubleshooters Consumer Healthcheck Today's Tips Art of Aging U.S. & World Politics Sports Entertainment Community News 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions Inside Story Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us NEWS 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Illinois Uber driver to death Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://6abc.com/video/embed/?pid=2061112" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Illinois Uber driver to death. Sharrie Williams reports during Action News at 4:30 p.m. on June 1, 2017. (WPVI) AP Thursday, June 01, 2017 06:03PM LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. -- A 16-year-old girl walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she'd stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at the driver, prosecutors said at a hearing on Wednesday. The driver died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker that led to her arrest. A prosecutor read in court a description of the attack that said Eliza Wasni simply climbed into a car driven by 34-year-old Grant Nelson, and stabbed him and hacked him to death early Tuesday morning. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, held without bond. The 2-page description offers no reason for the attack, but portrays Wasni as a calm girl who "nonchalantly" could be seen walking through Walmart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. EMBED More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://6abc.com/video/embed/?pid=2060809" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Illinois Uber driver to death. Watch the report from June 1, 2017. Prosecutors said that Nelson, a resident of Wilmette, picked the girl up shortly after 3 a.m. Tuesday in Lincolnwood. It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said that Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, "Help me, help me! I'm going to die!" until residents called 911. Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. When Lincolnwood police arrived, they found the vehiclewith blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson's phone open to the Uber app. The app said that Nelson's passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trail of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found her nearby crouching behind an air conditioner - a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners," Uber said in a statement. "Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Nelson's sister, Alex Nelson, told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. "He was not a vindictive person," Alex Nelson said. "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said. ---------- Send a breaking news alert Report a correction or typo Learn more about the 6abc apps Related Topics: newsu.s. & worldubermurderteenagermacheteIllinois Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Woman in custody after throwing son, 2, down subway stairs Trump administration appeals travel ban to Supreme Court Obama: Trump joins 'handful of nations that reject the future' At least 36 dead in Philippine resort attack, suspect has killed himself Unflappable Ananya Vinay wins National Spelling Bee More News Top Stories Philly councilman describes moment he was stabbed Man dies after being shot 10 times in Strawberry Mansion 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire Delaware school worker charged with sex crime Trump says US will withdraw from Paris climate accord Unflappable Ananya Vinay wins National Spelling Bee Curry, Durant power Warriors past Cavs in Game 1, 113-91 Show More Sears says that some Kmart stores targets of security breach Woman beaten unconscious near hospital in Frankford 2 killed by bicycle gunmen in North Philly ID'd Business owner comes face-to-face with bear in Bucks Co. $25K reward offered in shooting of 2-year-old, father More News Top Video Action News Update Philly councilman describes moment he was stabbed Woman beaten unconscious near hospital in Frankford $25K reward offered in shooting of 2-year-old, father More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Video Photos Investigation Troubleshooters Consumer Healthcheck Today's Tips Art of Aging Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions Inside Story Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Investigation Troubleshooters Consumer Healthcheck Today's Tips Art of Aging About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Investigation Troubleshooters Consumer Healthcheck Today's Tips Art of Aging U.S. & World Politics Sports Entertainment Community News 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions Inside Story Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: New diagnosis for VA•Navy revamps pay & promotions rubrik•Former WWE exec leads SBA Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Walmart testing store employee… Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER June 1, 2017 4:14 pm 3 min read Share BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. Register now to learn how DHS and Commerce are implementing CDM strategies. Advertisement “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Related Topics Business News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Walmart testing store employee… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories TSP board to move L fund to 5-year increments Top Story Details emerging for EPA’s early retirement, incentive payouts Workforce White House grants 14 ethics waivers to staff People Cyber Mission Forces try to manipulate cyber terrain with new policy Defense News DHS cancels $1.5B contract for agile services Contracts/Awards Fed Photo of the Day Labor Secretary discusses apprenticeships at Milton Manufacturing Today in History 1812: James Madison asks Congress to declare War on the United Kingdom THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 01, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9541 0.0280 2.80% L 2020 25.6757 0.0752 4.59% L 2030 28.7196 0.1339 6.52% L 2040 30.9804 0.1712 7.46% L 2050 17.7932 0.1130 8.30% G Fund 15.3364 0.0010 0.98% F Fund 17.8818 -0.0149 2.57% C Fund 33.8068 0.2581 8.67% S Fund 43.7418 0.7113 4.96% I Fund 28.1962 0.0750 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 67° Low 65° High 85° Fayetteville 60° Low 60° High 82° Bentonville 63° Low 61° High 81° See complete forecast Walmart To Begin Testing Associate Delivery Posted 12:20 pm, June 1, 2017, by Jordan Tidwell, Updated at 07:04PM, June 1, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video BENTONVILLE (KFSM) -- Walmart announced on Thursday (June 1) that they will begin testing associate delivery. This announcement comes during a Role of Digital at Walmart meeting during Walmart Shareholders Week. The new delivery system will get online orders to customers' doors using Walmart associates. Walmart said the test program will cut shipping costs and get the packages to their destinations faster. President and CEO of Walmart E-Commerce Marc Lore said this program is optional for the associates. "Imagine hundreds of associates they live all around different neighborhoods around the Walmart,” he said. "We take the packages and say okay this associate lives over here and they're going to drive this way. Here's one one along the route." Delivery trucks will be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to the final destination, where an associate can sign up to deliver the items to the customer's house. Walmart spokesperson Danit Marquardt said this gives associates a way to earn extra income on their drive home. With this test program, most packages are delivered the day after the customer places the order. Amazon has something similar, as they offer same-day delivery services in a lot of locations across the country. “This is, you know, an interesting test and a great test that we are doing to ultimately leverage our unique assets including our stores, our fulfillment networks and our group of associates,” she said. Associates will be able to choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of each package and which days they are able to make deliveries. Walmart developed an app for this that allows the associates to put in their address and it gives them packages they can deliver on their commute route. “Imagine in the future the possibilities once this network is built out,” Lore said. "It allows people to deliver products that are already in the store, fresh or whatever the same day to customers." Walmart is testing this delivery system in three stores, two in New Jersey and one in Northwest Arkansas. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Baby Dies After Pregnant Mom Is Seriously Injured In Crash With Suspected Drunk Driver Former Univision Arkansas Host Faces Rape Charge Lavaca Man Airlifted To Hospital After Getting Attacked By Cow Police: Football Player Shot Dead After Recent High School Graduation Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Bentonville Residents Give Final Input On Parks Plan Fort Smith Police Investigate Credit Card Phishing Scam ‘Help Me! I’m Going To Die’: 16-Year-Old Illinois Girl Accused Of Killing Uber Driver With Knife, Machete Hundreds Without Power In Cave Springs News Walmart Offers Differential Pay To Military Associates News Walmart Associates Connect At Shareholders Event News Walmart Cuts About 300 Jobs From Tech Division News Delivery Robots Are Being Tested On U of A Campus News Walmart Shareholders Meeting Brings More Business News Walmart Shows Appreciation To Moms With Walmart Beauty Boxes News Walmart: Woman Filmed Making Racist Comments Banned From Shopping In Store News UPS Unveils Saturday Delivery — And 6,000 New Jobs News Local Food Pantry Gets Major Food Donation From Walmart Shareholders Week News Walmart App Updates Roll Out Quicker, Easier Process For Pharmacy, Money Services Customers News Walmart Celebrates Everyone’s Birthday With Free Cupcakes For All Crimestoppers News Fort Smith Police Searching For Women Who Stole More Than $1,000 From Closed Register News Police Identify Driver, Pedestrians In Deadly Accident In Rogers Walmart Parking Lot Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Retail Search Search Paris AccordTim Cook Is ‘Disappointed’ That Trump Chose to Quit the Paris Climate Accord Climate ChangeCalifornia Looks to Link Its Carbon Market With China Following U.S. Pullout of Paris Agreement PoliticsThe Environmental Protection Agency Offering Employee Buyouts in an Attempt to Cut Down Staffing Venture CapitalBiggest Venture-Backed Companies Are Worth Nearly $500 Billion E-commerce Walmart Recruits Its Store Workers to Make Deliveries on Their Drive Home Phil Wahba Jun 01, 2017 Walmart (wmt) has lined up new soldiers in the delivery wars with Amazon.com (amzn): Its own store workers. The discount giant is testing home delivery of some orders by Walmart associates heading home for the day in their own cars, offering them extra pay and the ability to opt in our out at will, the head of Walmart U.S.' e-commerce Marc Lore said in a blog post on Thursday. The delivery destinations will be close to where a worker lives or on the way to that person's home. The idea is to have yet another option for completing the so-called last mile in a delivery—the portion between a store or distribution center and the customer's home that is by far the costliest part of delivery-- and increase speed as well as lower costs for Walmart. There is a Walmart store within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population, "Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business," Lore said in the post. So far, the test, begun in April, is at two Walmart locations in New Jersey, where the company's Jet.com subsidiary is based, and in Northwest Arkansas where Wal-Mart Stores is headquartered and has involved only a few hundred orders. Those involve home delivery of general merchandise, which can include dry foods but not fresh or refrigerated items. (The company is testing out home grocery delivery in two markets—Denver and Phoenix—with Uber, but is largely focusing on drive-by pick up for fresh and refrigerated food orders.) Crucially, those orders have typically been for next-day delivery, said Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. That is no small matter at a time Amazon is working on its own ways to speed up delivery, including opening up physical stores and testing the use of drones, moves likely to soon make next day delivery as basic a service as two-day delivery is now. Blue ApronMeal-Kit Startup Blue Apron Is Going Public Best CompaniesGoogle Is Facing a Hefty Fine From the EU Over Its Shopping Service WalmartWalmart’s U.S. Online Sales Rise 63% PointCloudAlibaba’s Revenue Soars as China’s E-Commerce Market Grows PointCloudHow Amazon’s Bot Army Is Trouncing Walmart in E-Commerce Wars E-commerceAmazon Lowers Free-Shipping Minimum to $25 in New Shot at Walmart Mastering DataPayPal Authorizes a $5 Billion BuyBack Program Amid Growing Profits PointCloudThese Two Amazon Execs Earned More Than CEO Jeff Bezos Last Year The test comes on the heels of other moves by Walmart to improve delivery since Lore, who sold Jet.com to Walmart for $3 billion, took the reins of its U.S. online business last summer. Walmart recently gave customers an incentive to pick up online orders in stores by lowering the fees, passing on some of the shipping cost savings. And in January, it lowered its minimum threshold for free two-day delivery to $35, leading Amazon to make the rare move of following a competitor and lowering its own minimum. Walmart has also significantly beefed up its online marketplace, helping it clock 63% e-commerce growth last quarter. While Walmart declined to say whether participating store workers get paid a fee for the delivery or simply more for the extra hours, nor discuss potential insurance issues, it did say those associates would have complete discretion in choosing how many packages to delivery (though the limit will be 10 deliveries), their size and weight, and how far. Those workers have been given an app that allows them to make those specifications, and Walmart's routing algorithm assigns orders accordingly. Customers don't know when they place their order whether it will be delivered by couriers like FedEx, UPS or the U.S. Postal Service, or by Walmart, but store workers will be clad in their work clothes to make them identifiable. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News World News 7 sentenced use hacked credit cards to buy cigarettes Shares0 Thu, 1 Jun 2017-10:49pm , PTI Federal prosecutors said they encoded the credit card info onto gift cards, which they took to Walmart stores and bought genuine Walmart gift cards. Seven people are going to federal prison for using stolen credit card numbers and counterfeit gift cards to buy more than $1 million in cigarettes in North Carolina. The defendants then sold those cigarettes on the black market, completing a scheme that began with stolen credit information they obtained from overseas hackers. Federal prosecutors said they encoded the credit card info onto gift cards, which they took to Walmart stores and bought genuine Walmart gift cards. The genuine gift cards were then taken to Sam's Club stores to buy the cigarettes. A statement from US Attorney John Stuart Bruce says they received sentences of about 3 years to 12 years Wednesday after pleading guilty to conspiracy to commit money laundering and aggravated identity theft. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Justin Trudeau calls Trump to say climate decision a 'disappointment' World Paris Climate Agreement: UN Chief dismayed over Trump pulling out of Paris Accord World Former FBI Director James Comey to testify on June 8 in Trump-Russia collusion probe World Philippines: At least 34 dead in botched robbery at Manila casino; gunman kills himself World Paris Agreement: Global backlash as Trump announces US withdrawal from global climate deal World Trump administration asks Supreme Court to revive travel ban Live Cricket Score Australia vs New Zealand Fri, 2 June 2017, 03:00 PM IST Related Paris Climate Deal: World leaders express regret over US’ withdrawal Paris Climate Deal: Tesla's Elon Musk, Walt Disney's Robert Iger quit White House advisory council Paris Agreement: Global backlash as Trump announces US withdrawal from global climate deal Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags United States Walmart North Carolina Sam Club SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News ED files money laundering case to probe Bihar toppers scam Jammu 'Red Beacon' laden VIP car crushes teen to death BJP chief Amit Shah arrives in Kerala on three-day visit 'Poor quality food' in Army: BSF jawan’s video was made viral by Pakistan websites, says intelligence unit British Airways I.T. outage caused by contractor who switched off power - Times Sport NBA-Warriors' Curry taking it game by game after last year's collapse NBA Finals: Golden State Warriors' Kevin Durant snatches game one from Cleveland Cavaliers Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, June 2 Soccer-Dutch striker Huntelaar rejoins Ajax on one-year deal Soccer-CAS hearing set for Velez transfer dispute with Man City Entertainment Rishi remembers father Raj Kapoor on 29th death anniversary THIS Tiger Shroff fan and graffiti artist will create a LIFELIKE artwork of 'Munna Michael' Jacqueline Fernandez, Taapsee Pannu’s COLD WAR heats up during 'Judwaa 2' Kevin Bacon went undercover as student for 'Footloose' Pakeezah actress Geeta Kapoor discharged from hospital, SHIFTED to an old age home! Money GMR Infra's March-qtr net loss widens to Rs 2,479 cr Mattis says U.S. committed to Asia-Pacific as allies seek clear policy Zydus Cadila gets USFDA nod for levofloxacin injection UK's Metro Bank buys mortgage portfolio from Cerberus Capital Panama Papers probe-Sharif's younger son Hassan appears before JIT Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Wal-Mart employees can now deliver your online orders on their way home from work Wal-Mart is testing an app that matches online order delivery addresses with its employees' driving routes home so the workers can deliver packages ordered online as they drive home. Participation in the program by the store staff is voluntary. The program is currently being tested in two New Jersey locations and one in Arkansas. Courtney Reagan | @CourtReagan 13 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Wal-Mart testing employee delivery program in 2 states    13 Hours Ago | 01:20 Walmart.com and Jet.com shoppers in three U.S. cities now have a new delivery person, and it's not employees of one of the major shipping companies like FedEx or UPS or a delivery start-up like Instacart or Deliv. It's a Wal-Mart store employee. "Unlike crowdsourced delivery, where the driver has to travel (often out of the way) to pick up the package, then drive the full distance to deliver it, our associates are starting at the same place as the packages," said Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce U.S., in a blog post for the retailer. It all works through a proprietary app the retailer built for this test. The app matches online order delivery addresses with employees' driving routes home from work, built to minimize any more driving than what the employee would do anyway to get home. Delivering is completely voluntary, and the employees can choose when they want to deliver, how many packages they can take and what size. "Once they're done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head towards home," Lore said. Wal-Mart compensates the employees for it but declined to elaborate how it works. The discount retailer said the test has only been in progress for a month but so far "hundreds" of deliveries have been completed in two locations in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. So far, "the response from associates and customers has been great," Lore said. Its locations and labor — some 4,700 U.S. stores with 1.3 million employees — are quite an asset that Lore has been working on further integrating with its digital operations. The retailer says 90 percent of the country's population live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. While the retailer does not provide a delivery cost breakdown, it's the last leg — commonly referred to as the "last mile" — that is the most expensive when it comes to fulfilling and shipping online orders. Consultant group McKinsey & Company estimates "the last mile" can sometimes be more than half of an item's total delivery cost. Last month, Wal-Mart Stores said it would offer shoppers a discount for 10,000 online-only orders that are picked up by shoppers in store rather than delivered to their homes. The discount, Marc Lore said, is "meant to be equivalent to what the last-mile delivery costs are," which in most cases averages to about a 4 percent discount per item. The store pickup option saves Wal-Mart delivery costs, which it passes on to shoppers in the form of discounts, but the new employees-as-delivery-service test does not offer shoppers a discount. Wal-Mart said the benefit is that most orders are delivered the next day. Watch: Analyst on Wal-Mart earnings show chapters Outlook on Wal-Mart earnings down: Analyst    Thursday, 18 May 2017 | 3:47 PM ET | 03:07 Courtney ReaganCNBC Retail Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- UPS --- FDX --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
null

Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, June 02, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Wal-Mart tests convenience store By Arkansas Democrat-Gazette This article was published June 1, 2017 at 3:00 a.m. NWA Democrat-Gazette/FLIP PUTTHOFF Customer John Craft (left) makes a purchase Jan. 31 with cashier Kendall Stewart at the Walmart convenience store near the Walmart Supercenter at Pleasant Crossing. Comments aAFont Size Wal-Mart Stores Inc. unveiled a new convenience store in Rogers earlier this year, opening the doors to a building that features an expanded selection of food and drinks. The 2,500-square-foot building is the company's latest fuel station and convenience store concept, according to Ramnik Narsey, a senior vice president for Wal-Mart's U.S. fuel business. The retailer, based in Bentonville, spent about a year developing plans before building the convenience stores in Rogers and Crowley, Texas. The Rogers store, which is at the entrance of a Wal-Mart Supercenter, replaces a kiosk previously at the existing fuel station. The kiosk was manned by an employee and offered a small selection of convenience staples like candy, chips and soft drinks. But Narsey said feedback led the retailer to consider larger store formats the past few years. "Customers were asking us, 'Why don't you offer more?'" Narsey said. Wal-Mart has tested and considered a handful of convenience options in addition to the kiosks, but Narsey believes Wal-Mart has found a good fit with its latest pilot. The Rogers store offers a hot food bar where customers can grab paninis, nachos, hot dogs or sausages. There is a walk-in cooler stocked with domestic, imported and craft beer. The store also includes a soft-serve ice cream machine with multiple flavors. Wal-Mart has even stocked the store with a few grocery staples like milk, eggs, frozen meals and pizzas. In addition, pre-made sandwiches and salads are available. Wal-Mart hopes the variety will lead to more sales. Narsey said value and speed is the goal, offering customers the chance to grab a variety of items quickly and at Wal-Mart prices. "We'll do a little bit of fine-tuning as we go along and get feedback from customers about what they like, what they think we could do better," Narsey said. "But I think this is about the comfortable size." Wal-Mart is hoping to make a bigger push in a convenience store space, which enjoyed a strong year, according to the Association for Convenience and Fuel Retailing. The trade organization published the results of a survey in January in which 68 percent of convenience retailers said their fuel sales increased in 2016 and 63 percent said food sales increased. Brian Yarbrough, a retail analyst for Edward Jones, said it's difficult for convenience stores to make money on fuel. But Yarbrough said there's a good opportunity on the food side for Wal-Mart. "It's a model that works because you have the gas that drives consistent traffic and if you get them in the convenience store, it's very high margin stuff," Yarbrough said. "But for Wal-Mart, does it move the needle? You could spread a couple thousand across the U.S. and it's probably not going to move the needle because Wal-Mart's revenue base is so big." It's not unusual for Wal-Mart to test smaller-store formats. The company began opening Wal-Mart Express stores with an average size of 12,000 square feet in 2011, but decided to close 102 of them across the U.S last year. Wal-Mart also has opened college campus stores ranging from 3,000 to 5,000 square feet, although some of those have closed as well. There are other types of convenience store tests underway. Last year, the retailer began testing a concept called Wal-Mart Pickup and Fuel in Huntsville, Ala., and Thornton, Colo. In addition to fuel stations and convenience selections, customers also can order groceries online and pick them up at those stores the same day. "We're trying that as a combination," Narsey said. "Again, it's all about convenience." Joshua Nicholson, manager of the fuel station in Rogers, said 12 people will work the store. The store is open daily from 5 a.m until midnight, but the gas pumps will operate 24 hours a day. Like any test, Wal-Mart will decide whether to roll the convenience stores out to a larger audience based on results and customer feedback from Rogers and Crowley. But Nicholson believes there's a lot of opportunity in the format the retailer unveiled in Rogers. "We're just going to focus on our customers right now and take that feedback and go with that," Nicholson said. "But I think we'll do pretty well. I think our customers will be impressed." NW Business on 06/01/2017 Print Headline: Retailer tests convenience store Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Personal shoppers help Wal-Mart expand online... Wal-Mart tests convenience store Wal-Mart details execs' pay, awards Wal-Mart tests Scan and Go app Sam's Club shows off brand reinvention Business news in brief On the Agenda BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas INCORPORATIONS Comments on: Wal-Mart tests convenience store To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Video of Trump as decapitated costs comic Kathy Griffin jobs (22 comments) At home, Trump faces growing inquiries (61 comments) VIDEO: Trump pulling U.S. from global climate pact, upsetting allies (16 comments) CNN cuts ties with Kathy Griffin over severed head video (36 comments) Putin denies involvement in hacking, praises Trump (10 comments) BRENDA LOOPER: An uncivil war (26 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Companies Walmart uses virtual reality simulations to train and prepare its staff for Black Friday 200 Walmart Academy sites receive Oculus Rift VR headsets for customer care training. By Oliver Cragg June 1, 2017 17:27 BST Walmart has introduced virtual reality experiences to its employee training schemes.Getty Images US retail giant Walmart is prepping its employees for difficult customers and marquee sales events by strapping its staff into virtual reality training programmes. A total of 200 Walmart Academy training centres dotted around the country will receive an Oculus Rift device and a high-powered PC which will run a series of VR courses designed for trainee managers and customer service staff. With an estimated 150,000 employees graduating from Walmart's proving grounds every year, the training experiences, created by STRIVR Labs, are intended to be short, supplemental guides to customer care, with simple interactive elements. The experiences will be in 360-degree video format, with on-screen prompts tasking trainees with making decisions based on a variety of customer-focused or managerial scenarios - perhaps Walmart is hoping that angry customer avatars are just as demanding in the virtual world. The training schemes will also touch on seasonal sales extravaganzas such as the infamous annual price-slashing holiday, Black Friday. The VR content is expected to last between 30 seconds to five minutes, which is longer than anyone in the real world would want to be near a retail outlet during the manic Black Friday sales. "We don't do anything that is not a good use case for VR," STRIVR's CEO Derek Belcher told TechCrunch. "We have experiences for the lowest-level bagger all the way up to the store management." As well as Walmart, which began trialling STRIVR's VR experiences in January, the VR startup's team has also been involved in virtual training schemes for the University of Arkansas' American football team and has received interest from an unnamed "major" manufacturer from the automotive industry, among others. Belcher also told TechCrunch that Walmart is considering installing a virtual reality headset in its retail stores at a later date. The retail company, which owns UK supermarket chain Asda, boasts over 4,500 stores in the US. More from IBTimes UK Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices Thousands of smartphone apps have been found leaking your personal data Man jailed for not revealing iPhone passcode to police during child abuse investigation Related topics : Oculus Rift Virtual Reality VR Black Friday Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Overwatch Horizon Lunar Colony announcement Columnists Yasmin Alibhai-Brown “Meet the millionaires corrupting democracy in Britain READ MORE Fireball malware could spark 'global catastrophe' Check Point exposes 'sophisticated' malware allegedly spread by... This amazing Apple trick could be the best iPhone hack ever Try this amazing hack to turn your Apple AirPod case into a... 'Vile' ticket touts selling One Love Manchester tickets on eBay Tickets for the concert starring Ariana Grande, Miley Cyrus and Take... Walmart uses virtual reality simulations to train and prepare its staff for Black Friday 200 Walmart Academy sites receive Oculus Rift VR headsets for... Europol wants you to look at these images to help save victims of online predators Europol chief believes images of everyday objects could provide vital... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Thousands of smartphone apps have been found leaking your personal data Back-end servers are compromising the safety of mobile app data,... Hyperloop test facility unveiled for futuristic high-speed transportation in Netherlands Dutch tech startup shows off 30 metre tube for testing at Delft... Man jailed for not revealing iPhone passcode to police during child abuse investigation Zero attempts left for Florida man accused of hitting his daughter. Watch a Nintendo Switch survive after being dropped from 1,000 feet by a drone Nintendo Switch sales have been skyrocketing since the hybrid... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Flashlight Sneakers: The ‘huge trend’ Walmart is betting on The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Abha Bhattarai By Abha Bhattarai June 1 at 12:14 PM Follow @abhabhattarai Walmart plans to sell $25 million worth of Flashlights sneakers this year. (Courtesy of Walmart) FAYETTEVILLE, ARK. — These, Walmart executives say, could be the year’s biggest sensation: High-top sneakers with light-up soles. Yes, says Steve Bratspies, Walmart’s chief merchandising officer, stomping on stage in his black Flashlights sneakers, you heard right: The world’s largest retailer is expecting to sell $25 million worth of these sneakers this year. At $19.97 a pop, that’s 1.25 million pairs of shoes. “Like these sneakers?” he asks a crowd of thousands of screaming Walmart employees, two days before the company’s annual shareholder meeting. “Flashlight Sneakers. These are a huge trend we’re betting on this year.” And if the company does sell the expected amount, he says that would be “enough lights for us to light up 48 Rockerfeller Center Christmas Trees. That’s a lot of lights!” (It’s worth noting that $25 million in flashing-shoe sales would be a drop in the bucket for Walmart, making up less than 0.01 percent of the $298.4 billion in U.S. sales it reported last year.) The shoes, which will hit shelves in July, will be available in in four colors: Gray, white, black and glittery pink. They come equipped with a USB cord that connects each sneaker with a phone or computer. Once charged, the blue, green and purple LED lights flash for up to eight hours at a time. Similar shoes at “the biggest national brands,” Bratspies said, will sell for about $60 a pair. At Walmart, they’ll cost about one-third of that. “We beat on price, don’t we?” he said. “Every day, we beat on price.” [Walmart is preparing to take on Amazon. But first, parachuting M&M’s.] Then he rattled off more of the company’s biggest selling points: “Sales are up. Traffic is up. Momentum is ours.” Bratspies turned to the company’s employees: “Your job is to create energy and excitement behind every apple, every bicycle, every pair of pajamas, every lightbulb, every single thing you sell in our stores.” Other offerings to hit shelves this year include an “instant-cabin tent” that can be set up in about one minute. It comes with LED lights and a screen porch. (Although when employees tried to set it up on stage, it took well over a minute, before Bratspies declared, “I think it’s broken, actually. We’ve got a problem. Trust me, it’s really good.”) But no matter, he said: “Next up, we’ve got a sweet treat that’s already a huge hit in our stores.” Bags of caramel M&Ms parachuted down from the ceiling. Employees went wild: “Wow, wow!” “Oh my god!” “Come to mama, baby, come to mama!” Then the other highlights: A cooler that holds ice up to five days, gallons of glue that sell for $12.88 (of which Walmart plans to sell 7 million units), and pool floats shaped like bacon, cupcakes and emoji smileys. “These things are fun and already flying off shelves,” Bratspies said as the crowd cheered. “We’ve got ducks, swans. All at a really great Walmart price.” Read more: Meet Marriott’s longest-standing employee: A 79-year-old omelet-maker A man is suing Hershey for ‘under-filling’ his box of Whoppers The maker of Bud Light is investing $2 billion to make its beer ‘more sophisticated’ business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Abha Bhattarai is a business reporter for The Washington Post. She has previously written for The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Reuters and the St. Petersburg Times. Follow @abhabhattarai 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Walmart is asking employees to deliver packages on their way home from work 2 Paul Allen just rolled out the world’s largest airplane, and he is ready to take on the rocketmakers 3 Analysis The ultra-rich are hiding way more money overseas than anyone realized 4 ‘Something fishy’ is going on with Trump’s Twitter account, researchers say 5 Analysis Don’t compare Trump’s Paris decision to Nicaragua’s; they’ve embraced renewable energy The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.65% NASDAQ 0.78% Get quote Last Update: 4:53 PM 06/01/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, June 02, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Personal shoppers help Wal-Mart expand online grocery sales By Christie Swanson This article was published June 1, 2017 at 3:00 a.m. NWA Democrat-Gazette/J.T. WAMPLER Customers park under an awning to pick up groceries May 3 at Wal-Mart on Pleasant Grove in Rogers. Comments aAFont Size NWA Democrat-Gazette/J.T. WAMPLER Stephany Ponce of Springdale selects grocery items May 3 at Wal-Mart on Pleasant Grove in Rogers. Ponce is a persona... Stephany Ponce scans the cooler holding eggs, picks up a carton and checks for cracks. Finding none, she gently places the carton in her basket and moves on to the next item on her list. Ponce fills several grocery lists daily not for herself, but in her role as a personal shopper at Wal-Mart. "I check expiration dates and look for damaged packages," she said recently at the store on Pleasant Crossing Boulevard in Rogers. "We make sure we are giving customers the best product." Wal-Mart's personal shoppers are an integral part of the retailer's rapidly expanding online grocery program, said Ellen Martinez, regional e-commerce manager. Customers can shop online and pick up their order curbside in more than 100 markets and 600 stores nationwide. Martinez said the company is looking at adding 500 more stores to the program this year. Moving online Grocery pickup is not new for Wal-Mart. The company's first online ordering test started in 2011 in San Jose, Calif., before expanding to Denver in 2013. A 15,000-square-foot prototype opened at the intersection of Walton Boulevard and J Street in Bentonville in 2014. The site's only function is grocery pickup and is still in operation. Martinez, who once managed the Bentonville pickup store, said the standalone site continues to offer a unique perspective, but adding pickup locations at stores is a way to merge Wal-Mart's physical operations with the digital side of the business. A study by iVend Retail, an omnichannel retail management software vendor, reports 57.5 percent of all shoppers use an omnichannel service, but only 31.6 percent describe it as being a smooth process. Omnichannel is when a shopper uses multiple methods of shopping, such as buying online or via the telephone and picking up in the store. "We have several tests going on," Martinez said. "We want to meet customer demand in every area." The iVend survey said 29.2 percent of customers said convenience was the biggest reason to shop online and pickup in a store. Convenience is what made Tabatha Miller a loyal Wal-Mart pickup customer. The Fayetteville mother of three children ages 4 and younger started using the service as soon as she moved to Northwest Arkansas from the East Coast in 2015. "Literally, grocery pickup is one of my favorite things about Northwest Arkansas. My friends at home are so jealous," she said. The Millers use the service at least twice a week, and some months avoid having to step into a store, she said. "We can manager our grocery budget more efficiently. We are more intentional about our grocery shopping and spend $100 or less," she said. Ponce, who spent two years as a cashier before becoming a personal shopper about seven months ago, said the job has helped her be a better shopper. "Before I worked with online grocery pickup I didn't think much about expiration dates," she said. She's also used the online service several times. "It saves so much time. It's quick and easy," she said. "I tell customers the benefits of pickup, so I thought I needed to try it." Click and buy Food Marketing Institute and Nielsen report in the "Digitally Engaged Food Shopper" analysis that 23 percent of American households buy food online. The report predicts that could reach 70 percent in 10 years, with 60 percent of those shoppers spending more than 25 percent of their food dollars online. "The grocery business truly is at a digital tipping point, where every aspect of the shopper's journey will soon be influenced by digital, and increasingly enabled by digital platforms," Chris Morley, president of U.S. Buy at Nielsen, said in the report. The report says online grocery shopping could quintuple in the next 10 years, reaching $100 billion by 2025. A report by Citi Research shows Wal-Mart is "best positioned" to capitalize on online grocery among major food retailers. Citi analysts report Wal-Mart's price-cutting strategy helped build market share. Wal-Mart's personal shoppers do three rounds of collecting groceries daily, filling orders for four to eight customers at a time, Ponce said. Items are scanned with a hand-held device to make sure it is the correct product and placed into the order's basket. Items are marked with stickers identifying "fragile," "substitution," "alcohol" and "heavy" as needed. Jun Rasphuomy, eCommerce assistant store manager at the Rogers store, said alcohol sales are dependent on local laws and always require identification at pickup. Tobacco products are not available to be picked up. "When you think grocery pickup, most people think of just groceries," he said in an email. "This is not the case. Things such as fishing rods, basketballs, exercise equipment and air/water filters are available for online grocery pickup." The number of personal shoppers varies by store, but typically range from nine to 30 depending on the day and volume of orders, Rasphuomy said. Martinez said employees are trained to look for the best products, specially in produce and meat departments. "It's about building trust with the customer and that takes dedication. I think we meet that goal," she said. The program improves the store's overall performance, she said, because personal shoppers are looking every day at items across the store. "If the in-store stock is good, I've seen it go from good to excellent," Martinez said. "And customers see that." Rasphuomy said consistency helps build a good reputation. About 90 percent of online grocery shoppers are repeat customers, he said. "If there is an issue, we offer a hassle-free refund/replacement for any bad produce or meat products," he said. Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said earlier this year at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer and Retail Technology Conference the company needs to make customers' worlds simpler. "Technology in particular is being used to get rid of friction, make things simpler and easier, and customers just expect that as a company, you're innovating all the time and making things more enjoyable for them," McMillon said. Christie Swanson can be reached at cswanson@nwadg.com or on Twitter @NWAChristie. NW Business on 06/01/2017 Print Headline: Wal-Mart rapidly growing online grocery program Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Personal shoppers help Wal-Mart expand online... Wal-Mart tests convenience store Wal-Mart details execs' pay, awards Wal-Mart tests Scan and Go app Sam's Club shows off brand reinvention Business news in brief On the Agenda BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas INCORPORATIONS Comments on: Personal shoppers help Wal-Mart expand online grocery sales To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Video of Trump as decapitated costs comic Kathy Griffin jobs (22 comments) At home, Trump faces growing inquiries (61 comments) VIDEO: Trump pulling U.S. from global climate pact, upsetting allies (16 comments) CNN cuts ties with Kathy Griffin over severed head video (36 comments) Putin denies involvement in hacking, praises Trump (10 comments) BRENDA LOOPER: An uncivil war (26 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
This website uses cookies. Continued browsing of this site implies consent for the use of these cookies. Find out more here >> Post & Parcel powered by Triangle. Home In Depth Events Directory About Companies E-commerce Environment Human Resources Innovation Regulation Retail Technology RSS Post & Parcel > News > Companies > Walmart files patent for a delivery system that uses drones, lockers and blockchain Log-in Register News Walmart files patent for a delivery system that uses drones, lockers and blockchain Thursday, June 1st, 2017 US retainer Walmart has submitted a patent for a delivery system which uses drones, automated lockers and blockchain technology. Walmart filed the patent on 23 November last year, and the US Patent and Trademark Office (UPTO) published it on 25 May. With the delivery model described in the patent, the drone – or the unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) – will drop off the parcel/payload into an automated locker / delivery box, which will open in response to a message validating the identity of the UAV. The key advantages of using this sort of automated delivery box, rather than having the drones drop parcels on someone’s front lawn, is that is both safer and more secure. The patent also includes references to using blockchain technology for extra security and to track shipments that are fragile or temperature sensitive.     Source: USPTO Tags: Americas, Innovation, Parcel Print Send to friend Bookmark Save Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Related Articles what3words helps Quiqees.go.quicker Posti rolling out delivery day reform this summer McDonald’s expanding delivery coverage in US Tesco tests robo-deliveries with Starship Amazon to open new Georgia fulfilment centre Most popular Latest comments Canada Post reports Q1 profit before tax of $44m Pos Malaysia promoting EziBox service FedEx launches self-service lockers in Hong Kong UPS opens driver training facility Menzies buys Ireland’s EM News Distribution Retailers losing out by calling time too early on Christmas deliveries UPS UK to hire 1,300 for holiday season Zyllem reportedly set to discontinue Singapore delivery operations Parcels delivered by taxi USPS set to trial experimental e-commerce product New Directory Members Direct Link Worldwide Ltd Direct Link specialises in international cross border distribution and returns of e-commerce packages worldwide. Parent company PostNord (the merged Swedish and Danish Post Offices) supports Direct Link with IT expertise, postal connections and international logistics solutions, across the Nordic countries and intercontinentally. Sign-up Post & Parcel Newsletters (Help)  Daily newsletter  Weekly newsletter Subscribe free Latest Issue Subscribe now About Post & Parcel Post & Parcel is your key to the global mail and express industry. Every week Post & Parcel features the latest news, analysis of trends, insightful viewpoints, and exclusive interviews with leading industry experts. Find out more Advertise with us We provide brands with an exciting range of advertising opportunities to reach the influential Post & Parcel audience. With campaigns suitable for every budget you can achieve your marketing objectives with Post & Parcel. Find out more powered by Triangle. Copyright © 2017 Contact Us | Feedback | Submit press release | Terms & conditions | Privacy | Q&A
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land New launch Google Attribution hopes to kick last-click attribution to the curb Inside Program Two social media heavyweights show us Amazon Influencers Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Retail Get the most important digital marketing news each day. 5 key e-commerce & retail trends from Mary Meeker’s Internet Trends report A look at how mobile and online commerce are changing the retail landscape. Ginny Marvin on June 1, 2017 at 10:48 am More Kleiner Perkins venture partner Mary Meeker released her annual Internet Trends report on Wednesday. In total, the report comprises 355 PowerPoint slides and covers online trends in sectors ranging from media and healthcare to China and India. Here we look at key trends in retail and e-commerce: 1. A withering brick-and-mortar landscape as Amazon/e-commerce grows. Amazon in particular is proving to be a formidable foe, inflicting deep wounds on brick-and-mortar retail chains. “Store closings may break a 20-year record” according to a 2017 estimate by Credit Suisse (slide 72). That report estimates that more than 8,600 brick-and-mortar stores may close in 2017. “Barely a quarter into 2017, year-to-date retail store closings have already surpassed those of 2008,” according to Credit Suisse. Macy’s, J.C. Penney, Bebe, Staples and nearly a dozen other retailers have announced store closings. Online sales grew again in 2016, rising 15 percent year over year (slide 76). Parcel deliveries in the US have been steadily increasing over the past six years and rose 9 percent year over year in 2016 (slide 65). 2. Walmart is sprinting to catch up online. The brick-and-mortar behemoth Walmart, which has had relatively lackluster impact online despite past investments, rapidly accelerated its e-commerce efforts this past year. It acquired Jet.com in August 2016, and already this year it has bought or invested in Shoebuy, JD.com, Moosejaw and Modcloth.com. Walmart’s e-commerce revenue grew 63 percent year over year last quarter. (slide 74) 3. The new retail is mobile-informed. Retail isn’t dead-dead, it’s just evolving. Meeker points to Warby Parker (slide 73), Lowe’s augmented-reality experiment with Google to help consumers locate items in-store (slide 70), and Amazon itself opening up self-checkout retail stores (slide 72) as examples of ways retail is evolving to meet the needs and expectations of mobile-enabled consumers. 4. Retailers are taking advantage of online-offline feedback loops. Other examples of hybrid online-offline commerce experiences include MM.LaFleur, which offers both online and in-store personal shopping advice (slide 63) and incorporates that information back into its bento-box-style e-commerce operation, and shirt retailer UNTUCKit, which incorporates online and offline feedback into its brand experiences (slide 60). 5. Location-driven advertising is becoming more targeted & accountable. Location-targeted ads from Google (slide 25), Nextdoor and xAd (slide 29) and Uber’s in-app ads powered by Foursquare (slide 28) are examples of how ad delivery and the ability to track outcomes are changing the dynamic between online marketing and offline commerce. Google has tracked more than 5 billion in-store visits globally, and just last week introduced its store purchases tracking solution to link ad clicks to physical transactions. Check out the full report for more insights. The focus on digital advertising begins on slide 10. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Popular Stories 5 key e-commerce & retail trends from Mary Meeker’s Internet Trends report Instagram ads can now link to brands’ Messenger accounts, bots Microsoft clones Snapchat’s Stories for its reimagined Skype experience Why email marketing has lasted five times longer than your first marriage Related Topics Channel: RetailE-CommerceStatisticsStatistics: GeneralStatistics: Mobile MarketingStatistics: Online AdvertisingStatistics: Online Shopping Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers 9 Pitfalls to Scaling Enterprise Content and How to Avoid Them 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map Guide to Email Metrics & Benchmarks Top 10 Considerations When Selecting a Marketing Automation Platform See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 248% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/1/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 248% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/1/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Here's Why the Worst Is Yet to Come for Whole Foods Market, Inc. Whole Foods still faces a number of challenges that aren't reflected in its stock price. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Jun 1, 2017 at 8:51AM Shares of Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM) aren't looking as fresh as they once were. The one-time stock market darling is still trading down nearly 50% from its 2013 peak, and much of the recent news has been negative. The organic grocer reported its seventh straight quarter of declining comparable sales last month and expects same-store sales to fall for the full year. Profits for the year are also expected to drop. Image source: Whole Foods. It's clear what's going on. Traditional supermarket chains including Kroger (NYSE:KR), Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), and Costco have horned in on Whole Foods' traditional strength: organic and natural foods. Kroger's Simple Truth brand, which launched in 2012, reached $1 billion in sales in just two years, and the company now has more than $10 billion in annual sales of organic and natural products.  Wal-Mart, meanwhile, has been devoting more space to selling fresh food such as produce and has been aggressively lowering prices, and Costco is the nation's largest seller of organic food, according to some metrics. Whole Foods has struggled to respond to this renewed competition, despite a change in its management structure and efforts to lower prices, launch a loyalty program, and open a new discount banner, Whole Foods 365.  While some investors, such as activist hedge fund Jana Partners, seem to think Whole Foods offers opportunity after the recent stock slide, there are reasons to think its performance will continue to be challenged.   Competition is only increasing It's not only entrenched players that are on the move in the grocery space. While Wal-Mart's efforts to expand its online grocery-pickup program to nearly 1,000 stores is winning plaudits from customers, new competitors are also jumping into the giant $800 billion U.S grocery market. Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) is accelerating its grocery ambitions, too. It expanded its Amazon Fresh delivery service to a number of new cities last year, is testing the cashier-less Amazon Go convenience-store concept, and just made its first two Amazon Fresh Pickup locations open to the public. Amazon has already upended a number of retail sectors and is focused on penetrating the grocery market. Expect increasing investments from the e-commerce giant. Another entrant expected to threaten a swath of the industry is German grocery giant Lidl, which will open its first stores in the U.S. in June. Lidl has already squeezed Wal-Mart subsidiary Asda in the U.K. and plans to open as many as 600 stores in the United States. Known for rock-bottom prices, Lidl isn't a direct competitor of Whole Foods, but it's likely to put more price pressure on the industry, which could carry over to Whole Foods.  Its competitive advantage isn't coming back Ten years ago, Whole Foods was dominating the organic-food sector it pioneered, posting double-digit comparable-sales growth. The company's brand and unique approach to groceries gave it a competitive advantage, allowing it to charge higher prices and reap a higher margin. But the mainstreaming of organic food brought increased competition from traditional grocers, alternative concepts such as Trader Joe's, and farmers' markets and community-supported agriculture programs.  Whole Foods still has an edge in gourmet, specialty, and prepared foods that its customers seek out, but when it comes to organic produce and other such goods that used to set Whole Foods apart, that difference no longer exists. The advantage it once had isn't coming back. The stock is still overpriced Despite Whole Foods' manifest challenges, the stock is still overpriced compared with its peers. Whole Foods trades at a P/E ratio of 28 today, and that value is likely to expand as profits decline. Kroger, meanwhile, carries a P/E of 15; Wal-Mart trades at a P/E of 18, and Supervalu has a P/E of just 10. While its traditionally higher margin may be some justification for the premium, investors seem to be betting on Jana Partners' ability to engineer a sale or a turnaround in the business. With a market cap of $11 billion, Whole Foods won't have an easy time finding a buyer, and sales continue to decline despite a number of initiatives to turn around the business. Considering the stock's valuation and the company's problems, the stock is likely to head lower. John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Jeremy Bowman owns shares of Kroger. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Costco Wholesale, and Whole Foods Market. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Jun 1, 2017 at 8:51AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $995.95 up $1.33 (0.13%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $79.81 up $1.21 (1.54%) Kroger NYSE:KR $30.25 up $0.47 (1.58%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $180.63 up $0.20 (0.11%) Whole Foods Market NASDAQ:WFM $35.21 up $0.22 (0.63%) SuperValu NYSE:SVU $4.05 up $0.20 (5.19%) Read More Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Sprouts Farmers Market Inc Why Whole Foods' Future Is Smaller and Less Certain Than Ever Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Sprouts Why Chipotle Mexican Grill Could Be the Next Whole Foods Why Whole Foods Could Be a Good Fit For Amazon Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Here's Why the Worst Is Yet to Come for Whole Foods Market, Inc. @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $KR, $COST, $WFM, $SVU
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Uber Driver Fatally Stabbed By Teenager In Chicago Shreesha Ghosh International Business Times June 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A 16-year-old girl was charged Wednesday with first degree murder after she was said to have randomly stabbed her Uber driver with a machete and a knife that she had stolen from Walmart in Lincolnwood, Illinois, Chicago, authorities said. Prosecutors identified the teenager as Eliza Wasni from Chicago, who appeared in court for a bond hearing in Skokie, Illinois . The prosecutors called the act “heinous” and “not provoked in any manner.” On Wednesday afternoon, a Cook County judge ruled that Wasni would be held without bail in the stabbing of the Uber driver Grant Nelson, 34, of Wilmette, Illinois. Read: Uber Lawsuit: Company Fails To Accommodate People With Disabilities According to Cook County State's Attorney Michelle Cunningham, Wasni had taken two other Uber rides before Nelson picked her up from a Walmart store in Skokie, when she was carrying a machete and a knife. Two minutes later, Wasni stabbed Nelson from the backseat inside the car. Nelson then managed to pull over his car and ran into a condo apartment building lobby where he banged the lobby doors and screamed “Help me, help me. I'm going to die.” Following this, the residents called 911, Cunningham said. The teenager tried to escape in Nelson’s vehicle however; she hit a median and then left the car and ran on foot. Police officers found a blood trail that led them to the wounded Uber driver. Nelson was taken to a hospital nearby where he later succumbed to his injuries. Wasni was found crouching behind an office building’s air conditioning unit that was quite far from the crime scene. Cunningham said that the officers requested her to put down her weapons but she refused to do so. Then one of the officers tased her and took her into custody. Police officers were able to track the last rider on the Uber driver’s phone in order to see that “Eliza” was the last customer who rode the vehicle. Prosecutors said that the surveillance footage from Walmart showed the teenager left the store without paying for the machete and the knife. Prosecutors also stated that Wasni violated Uber’s terms and conditions, which mention that customers must be at least 18 years old to take a ride. Wasni only confirmed her name during the bond hearing. Her public defender told the court that she attends Taft High School in Chicago and lives with a single mother. Read: Indiana Teen, Who Was Focus Of Amber Alert, Charged In Mother's Stabbing Death An Uber spokeswoman said in a statement Wednesday that the company is “heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson. Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.” Outside the courtroom, Nelson's brother, Todd Nelson, called him “the most gentle, kind person. He never hurt anyone. He was good to animals, he was good to children.” His sister, Alexandra Nelson, also added that the family hopes “justice will happen,” condemning the attack and called it “horrifying and maddening.” “He was not a vindictive person,” Alexandra added. “He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate.” The victim’s autopsy results are still pending. The authorities stated that this was the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, when a man killed his brother over a dispute regarding domestic issues. Related Articles Uber Driver Saves Girl From Child Sex Trafficking Uber Driver Twitter Story Goes Viral Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Model Wearing American Flag as Hijab on Magazine Cover Shows Underboob 1,780 reactions7%67%26% Heavily armed men storm hotel and a casino resort in Philippine capital 283 reactions4%75%21% Girls testify about sex abuse by man who got them as 'gift' 458 reactions3%69%28% Chicago schoolgirl hacked Uber driver to death with machete and knife stolen from Walmart 4,450 reactions4%65%31% Faces of the 2017 Scripps National Spelling Bee 30 reactions14%70%16% American scientist works to save coral reefs 3 reactions0%75%25% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 102 reactions4%79%17% How the Trump administration’s secret efforts to ease Russia sanctions fell short 1,880 reactions4%68%28% Kevin Durant helps Warriors strike first blow in NBA Finals 'Trilogy' 264 reactions5%75%20% Did Kevin Durant stare down Rihanna during the Warriors' Game 1 NBA Finals win? 41 reactions8%77%15% Australia’s unconventional rural mailboxes 23 reactions17%70%13% Congress reacts to Trump withdrawing US from Paris climate accord 32 reactions2%62%36% Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC 82 reactions9%65%26% Kathy Griffin to Hold Press Conference to Address Controversial Photo Shoot, ‘Bullying From Trump Family’ 3,377 reactions4%59%37% Donald Trump Asked A Question. George Takei Delivered A Blistering 6-Word Reply. 263 reactions8%67%25% Forget Trump’s bluster. The world is walking all over him. 22,969 reactions4%54%42% Trump's climate pullback opens door to Chinese leadership Sam Russell: Remember when America was the leader in innovation and progress Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.2k
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAYER MOTOREN WERK EUR1 (BAMXF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Danone SA (DANOY) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Arkema S.A. (ARKAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) PT Lowered to $6.00 at Mizuho Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Qiagen NV (QGEN) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG AnaptysBio Inc (ANAB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research DA Davidson Comments on Antero Midstream Partners LP’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AM) Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Given a $116.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) Cut to D+ at TheStreet Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) Upgraded at TheStreet Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) PT Set at $15.00 by FBR & Co Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Given a $47.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research MKM Partners Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Alice L. Walton Sells 1,157,500 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 1,157,500 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction on Friday, May 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.06, for a total value of $90,354,450.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $526,794,154.80. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Large shareholders that own 10% or more of a company’s stock are required to disclose their transactions with the SEC. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE WMT) opened at 78.60 on Thursday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $76.05 and a 200-day moving average price of $71.31. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 1-year low of $65.28 and a 1-year high of $79.44. The firm has a market capitalization of $238.55 billion, a PE ratio of 17.85 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.98 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Alice L. Walton Sells 1,157,500 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/alice-l-walton-sells-1157500-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stock.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 3.1% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 105,233,311 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $7,585,217,000 after buying an additional 3,196,912 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1,866.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 91,133,379 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $6,568,893,000 after buying an additional 86,498,829 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.2% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 73,568,236 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $5,303,013,000 after buying an additional 854,010 shares during the last quarter. Dodge & Cox purchased a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth about $1,503,922,000. Finally, Geode Capital Management LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 8.0% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 15,369,668 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $1,106,330,000 after buying an additional 1,137,828 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Several research analysts have recently commented on the company. Wells Fargo & Co reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Monday. Jefferies Group LLC set a $88.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $75.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday. Morgan Stanley set a $77.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $78.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Monday, May 22nd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $78.15. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
CLOSE Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives E-Edition Weather Subscribe Contact Us Free Time Buy Photos Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Features Lifestyle Living Free Time – June 1 By Staff Reports - June 1 2:46am Seasonal FRANKLIN FARMERS MARKET, 8 a.m. to noon Saturdays through Sept. 2, downtown Franklin, southwest corner of West Jefferson and South Jackson streets NINEVEH EASTERN STAR STRAWBERRY FESTIVAL, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. June 3, Nineveh Masonic Lodge, 7221 S. Nineveh Road annual strawberry festival, featuring homemade ice cream along with many choices to add to your strawberries. SPRING MIGRANT BIRD FIELD TRIP, 7 a.m., June 3, Brown County State Park, meet at Walmart, 1133 N. Emerson Ave., Greenwood. Join Amy Hodson of the Amos Butler Audubon Society chapter and Brown County State Park Naturalist Kashena Hottinger as they lead a hike through Brown County State Park. Target species on the hike will be migrating warblers, vireos, tanagers, and flycatchers. More specifically, the group will be seeking Kentucky, hooded, and worm-eating warblers. Group will hike 2-3 miles through various terrains that could include steep hillsides, so wear appropriate footwear. Hottinger will talk during the hike on the history of Brown County State Park and other features of the park to enjoy (besides birding). The gate fee is $7 per vehicle. Meet at 7 a.m. at the Walmart located at 1133 N. Emerson Ave. in Greenwood. Participants can expect to return to Indy around 1 p.m. Registration is encouraged but not required. There is no charge for this event (other than the gate fee), and it is open to the public. Questions? Please contact Amy Hodson at aehodson@gmail.com. SMOKE ON THE SQUARE BARBEQUE COMPETITION, June 16-17, downtown Franklin; competition brings professional teams from all over Indiana and the Midwest to Franklin for a chance to be named Grand Champion; schedule: June 16: 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. food vendors open; 2 and 7:30 p.m. “The Sandlot” at the Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St.; 5 p.m. Cruisin’ the Courthouse, North Main Street; 7-10 p.m. Toy Factory band on the music stage; June 17: 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. food vendors; 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. local entertainment, kids area open; 2 and 7:30 p.m., “The Sandlot” at the Artcraft Theatre; 7-10 p.m., Blue River Band on the music stage; discoverdowntownfranklin.com. Arts & crafts QUILT CONNECTION GUILD AUCTION, 6:30 to 9 p.m. June 1, Greenwood United Methodist Church, 525 N. Madison Ave., Greenwood. Annual auction replaces the regular meeting activities this month. Come and bid on a variety of quilt and sewing related items donated by members–patterns, fabrics, notions, tools, and more! Donations accepted beginning at 6 p.m., auction starts at 6:30 p.m. The guild meets every month and new members are always welcome. SOUTHSIDE ART LEAGUE JUNE EXHIBITION: TOM BROWN, June 2-29, Southside Art League Gallery, 299 E. Broadway St., Greenwood; reception to meet the artist 2 to 5 p.m. June 4. Refreshments will be served and the reception is free to the public. Brown’s work has been in over 35 shows in the last 18 months and won numerous awards. Many of the award-winning pieces will be on display. For further information, contact Brown at 317-888-8566 or tom.brown@nm.com. FRANKLIN CHIPMATES WOODCARVING CLUB, 6:30 to 8 p.m. Thursdays, Franklin Cultural Arts and Recreation Center, 396 Branigin Blvd., beginners and experienced craftspeople welcome, 736-1582 NIMBLE THIMBLES QUILT CLUB, first Friday of the month, 9 to 11:30 a.m. work session, 12:30 p.m. meeting, Johnson County Purdue Extension Office, 484 N. Morton St., Franklin, 736-4547 ADULT BEGINNER PAINTING CLASSES, 10 a.m. Saturdays, The Studios, 550 E. Jefferson St., Franklin, $25, must call to register, 474-4889 ART CLASSES, 9 a.m., 2 p.m. and 7 p.m. Wednesdays and Thursdays, Southland Community Church, 5800 W. Smith Valley Road Greenwood, free art classes with local artist, Edward Patterson. Southland is creating a series of 12 large paintings depicting various Bible scenes; each piece will be 6 feet tall and 8 feet wide and will teach students oil-on-canvas painting; information: 627-5872 or 883-8988 FIBER ARTS GUILD, 6 to 9 p.m. second Wednesdays, Starstruck Cat Studio, 3130 Meridian Parke Drive, Suite H, Greenwood, free, bring a project, discussions about spinning, weaving, knitting, crocheting, rug hooking and felting, starstruckcatstudio.com RUG HOOKERS, 6 to 8 p.m. fourth Tuesdays, Starstruck Cat Studio, 3130 Meridian Parke Drive, Suite H, Greenwood, free, bring a current traditional rug hooking project, join other rug hookers, starstruckcatstudio.com OPEN STUDIO AT STARSTRUCK CAT STUDIO, 5 to 8 p.m. Fridays, Starstruck Cat Studio, 3130 Meridian Parke Drive, Suite H, Greenwood, free, adults only, bring current knitting, crochet, rug hooking, weaving project, enjoy coffee, conversation, 889-9665, starstruckcatstudio.com WOODCARVERS, 6 p.m. Thursdays and 9 a.m. Saturdays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., join other seniors, 882-4810 BEGINNING CROCHET CLASS, 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Saturdays, Starstruck Cat Studio, 3130 Meridian Parke Drive, Suite H, Greenwood, $50, fee includes six hours of instruction, patterns, two skeins of yarn, crochet hook, students need tapestry needle, scissors, split ring or locking stitch marker, registration, 317-889-9665, starstruckcatstudio.com QUILT CONNECTION GUILD, 7 to 9 p.m., first Thursday of each month, Greenwood United Methodist Church, 525 N. Madison Ave., meetings feature experienced quilters sharing their knowledge; group hosts workshops, sewing days to learn new skills, annual quilt challenges, bees, an annual auction and parties, new members welcome, Jo Ann Gates, 966-0933 Blood drives READ AND BLEED @ YOUR LIBRARY: AMERICAN RED CROSS BLOOD DRIVE, 9:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m., White River library, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood; adults ages 17 and up; all blood types are urgently needed. Refreshments provided. Ages 17 and up. To schedule an appointment, please call 1-800-733-2767 or visit www.redcrossblood.org. Books and Literary events GREENWOOD PUBLIC LIBRARY SUMMER READING PROGRAM, through July 29, Greenwood Public Library, 310 S. Meridian St., readers of all ages are encouraged to record hours read, participate in our reading challenges, attend programs, and more to earn points. Collect points to vote for some great community prizes; greenwoodlibrary.us MYSTERY BOOK CLUB, 1 p.m. June 5, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion of your choice of mystery — bring your own book to discuss, 317-881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us PRIMETIME BOOK CLUB, 6:30 p.m. June 6, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion of “Mr. Mercedes,” by Stephen King, registration, 317-881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us/primetime.asp STOUT STORIES, 6:30 p.m. June 6, Greek’s Pizzeria and Tapp Room, free, patrons 21 and older only, discussion of “Middlesex,” by Jeffrey Eugenides, pageafterpage.org CLARK PLEASANT ROCKIN’ READS BOOK DISCUSSION, 5:30 p.m. June 7, Clark Pleasant Library, 530 Tracy Road, Suite 250, New Whiteland, discussion of “On the Road with Janis Joplin,” by John Byrne Cooke; pagefterpage.org, 317-535-6206 WELL RED BOOK CLUB, 6 p.m. June 14, Vino Villa, free, discussion of “The Ocean at the End of the Lane,” by Neil Gaiman, 317-885-5036, greenwoodlibrary.us. BOOKLOVERS BOOK CLUB, 10 a.m. June 15, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion of “The Weird Sisters,” by Eleanor Brown, 317-881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us MILITARY READS, 2 p.m. July 15, Franklin library, 401 State St., are you a reader of military nonfiction and the occasional military fiction book? If so, your orders are to attend this book discussion. Books will be available at the reference desk. Discussion of “Black Hawk Down,” by Mark Bowden; pageafterpage.org FRANKLIN PAGE-TURNERS BOOK DISCUSSION, 6:30 p.m. June 19, Franklin library, 401 State St., free, discussion of “Beautiful Ruins,” by Jess Walter; pageafterpage.org MONDAY NIGHT BOOK CLUB, 7 p.m. June 19, White River library, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood, free, discussion of “Lady Catherine, the Earl, and the Real Downton Abbey,” by Fiona, Countess of Carnarvon; 317-885-1330, pageafterpage.org I HEART YA BOOK CLUB, 6:30 p.m. June 21, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion of “Rebel Belle,” by Rachel Hawkins, for teens and adults, 317-881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us TRAFALGAR NOVELS & NOSH, 6 p.m. June 27, Trafalgar library, 424 S. Tower St., free, discussion of “The Crossing” by Samar Yazbek, 317-878-9560 for more information WHITE RIVER BOOK DISCUSSION, 1:30 p.m. June 28, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood, discussion of “A Man Called Ove,” by Fredrik Backman; pageafterpage.org MYSTERY BOOK CLUB, 1 p.m. first Monday of the month, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion, 317-881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us PRIMETIME BOOK CLUB, 6:30 p.m. first Tuesday of each month, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion, registration, 881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us/primetime.asp FRANKLIN PAGE-TURNERS BOOK DISCUSSION, 6:30 p.m. third Monday of each month, Franklin library, 401 State St., free, pageafterpage.org I HEART YA BOOK CLUB, 6:30 p.m. third Wednesday of the month, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion of young adult books, for teens and adults, 881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us FOURTH WEDNESDAY BOOK CLUB, 5:30 p.m. fourth Wednesday of the month, Prince of Peace United Christian Church, 3050 Smokey Row Road, Bargersville, all are welcome, free, 535-7712 or info@uccprinceofpeace.com. BOOKLOVERS BOOK CLUB, 10 a.m. third Thursday of the month, Greenwood library, 310 S. Meridian St., free, discussion, 881-1953, greenwoodlibrary.us WHITE RIVER BOOK DISCUSSION, 1:30 p.m. last Wednesday of each month, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood, pageafterpage.org STOUT STORIES, 6:30 p.m. first Monday of the month, location is a different pub or brewery in the area, free, patrons 21 and older only, pageafterpage.org MONDAY NIGHT BOOK CLUB, 7 p.m., Third Monday of the month, White River library, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood, 885-1330, pageafterpage.org CLARK PLEASANT ROCKIN’ READS BOOK DISCUSSION, 5:30 p.m. first Wednesday of the month, Clark Pleasant Library, 530 Tracy Road, Suite 250, New Whiteland, pagefterpage.org, 317-535-6206 WELL RED BOOK CLUB, 6 p.m. second Wednesday of each month, Vino Villa, free, discussion of wide variety of books; patrons 21 and older only, 317-885-5036, greenwoodlibrary.us. FRANKLIN LIBRARY PIZZA & PAGES BOOK DISCUSSION, 6 p.m. Fridays, Franklin library, 401 State St., free, discussion; 317-738-2833 for more information MILITARY READS, Franklin library, 401 State St., Are you a reader of military nonfiction and the occasional military fiction book? If so, your orders are to attend this book discussion. Books will be available at the reference desk; pageafterpage.org TRAFALGAR NOVELS & NOSH, 6 p.m., selected dates, Trafalgar library, 424 S. Tower St., free, June 27 – “The Crossing by Samar Yazbek,” July 25 – “Loving Frank,” by Nancy Horan, Aug. 29 – “Animal, Vegetable, Miracle,” by Barbara Kingsolver, 317-878-9560 for more information Church and Spiritual Programs GARAGE AND BAKE SALE, 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. June 3, New Beginnings Community Church, 600 Ironwood Drive, Franklin; all are welcome. NINTH ANNUAL PORK CHOP DINNER AND BLUEGRASS MUSIC, 4 to 7 p.m. June 10, Community Congregational Church, 4592 N. Hurricane Road, Franklin, dinner includes grilled pork chops and hot dogs, baked potato, green beans or baked beans, salads, homemade desserts and homemade ice cream. The Banister Family Bluegrass Band will perform from 5 to 7 p.m. Instead of charging for the event, attendees are asked to contribute an offering; the net proceeds will help Kids In Crisis Intervention Team which provides support and empowerment for youth to break the cycle of homelessness and promote independence. For more information call 317-432-6478. VETERANS DINNER AND WELCOME HOME PROGRAM, 5 p.m. June 11, Christ Our Shepherd Church of the Brethren, 857 N. State Road 135, Greenwood, will host U.S. Sen. Joe Donnelly as a speaker; dinner will begin at 5 p.m. and the program will start at 6 p.m. The program is free and open to all veterans, military members and their families. Donnelly has represented Indiana in the U.S. Senate since 2013, and serves on the Senate aging, agriculture, armed services and banking committees. Two of his recent efforts were enacted that will recognize Hoosier veterans. Please call 317-416-7888 to reserve a seat. CAR SHOW AND FISH FRY, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. June 17, First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) of Bargersville, 101 East Street, Bargersville, will host the its 10th annual open class car show and fish fry; car registration 8 a.m. to noon. The registration fee is $10 or $5 if you preregister by mail. Dash plaques will be given to the first 100 registered vehicles, and Top 20 plaques and special awards will be given out at 2 p.m. Participants can judge. Door prizes will be given away. Food will be sold and served on site all day. Breakfast will be 7 to 9:30 a.m. The fish fry will start serving at 10 a.m. and serve to 3 p.m. or earlier if we sell out. Fish, tenderloins, hot dogs, sides and desserts will be offered. All funds will support church missions and ministries. For information or to pre-register, call 317-432-8456. Classes JOHNSON COUNTY PUBLIC LIBRARY FREE ONLINE COURSES, Patrons can access thousands of online courses in Microsoft Office, Photoshop, web design, business, marketing and more at no cost. The Lynda.com video library offers users a chance to grow skills in graphic design, computer programming, photography and video. Software includes Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access and Outlook, Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign, Google Apps, iMovie and Final Cut Pro. Visit pageafterpage.org/lynda to log in and create a Lynda.com account. Dance LINE DANCING LESSONS, 7 p.m. June 2, 16, Edinburgh Pixy Theatre, 111 S. Walnut St., $5 lesson by Electric Impulse Dance Studio, theedinburghpixy.com MODERN WESTERN SQUARE DANCING, 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. Mondays, Rivers of Life Fellowship, 1962 Old Meridian St., Greenwood, $4 per lesson per person; first two lessons are free; those interested should email greenwoodmerrymixers@gmail.com, or call 317-881-4719 or 317-694-4711; greenwoodmerrymixers.com; facebook.com/greenwoodmerrymixers BALLROOM DANCES, 7:30 p.m. Saturdays, Riolo Dance Studio, 502 N. Capitol Ave. (second floor), Indianapolis, $10-$12, lesson at 7:30 p.m., open dancing 8:30 to 10:30 p.m., all skill levels and abilities welcome; no partner needed; refreshments available; riolodance.com Fundraisers and Galas AMITY FIRE & RESCUE FISH FRY, 11 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. June 3, Amity Fire & Rescue, 3274 S. 550 E. Franklin, fundraiser, all are welcome. KIC-IT DINE TO DONATE FUNDRAISER, 5-8 p.m. June 5, Chicago’s Pizza, 2 State Road 135, Bargersville; bring flyer or mention you are dining for KIC-IT. Flyers are available on Facebook page or at www.kic-it.org. TRIVIA NIGHT AT THE MUSEUM, 6:30 p.m. June 7, Johnson County Historical Society, , 135 N. Main St., Franklin, join in a test of knowledge and wits, fundraiser for the 2017 Dancing with the Johnson County Stars. Sign up with your trivia team that should include between two and 10 people. Entry charge is $20 per person and includes two slices of pizza and one soda or water. Entry forms are available at the Events page at johnsoncountymuseum.org, by calling 317-346-4500, or stopping by the museum during regular business hours. Gardening JOHNSON COUNTY GARDEN CLUB: GARDENS OF KEN AND JAN RITTER, 6:30 p.m. June 12, Purdue Extension Johnson County office, 484 N. Morton St., Franklin, spring salad pitch-in new members welcome, 317-346-7316 JOHNSON COUNTY GARDEN CLUB, 6:30 p.m. second Monday of each month, Purdue Extension Johnson County office, 484 N. Morton St., Franklin, new members welcome, 346-7316 TRAFALGAR COUNTRY GARDENERS, last Thursday of each month, 736-9167 CULTIVATING GARDEN CLUB, 6 p.m. third Thursday of each month at St. John’s United Church of Christ, 7031 S. East St., Indianapolis; 881-2353 CONSERVATORY TOURS, 2:30 p.m. Saturdays, Garfield Park Conservatory, 2505 Conservatory Drive, Indianapolis, $1, garfieldgardensconservatory.org Government TOX BOX, hours of operation are 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Monday, Wednesday and Friday, at 1051 Hospital Road, Franklin. Items accepted: household cleaning supplies, yard and pool chemicals, automotive fluids, oil-based paint and stain. No latex paint will be accepted. The Tox Box is for Johnson County residents only. No businesses, contractors or small quantity generators will be accepted. Call the Johnson County Recycling District office at 317-738-2546 for more information or visit www.recyclejohnsoncounty.com. Health and fitness, support FIRE DASH 5K AND SAFETY FESTIVAL, June 17; starts at 7 a.m. with registration at Freedom Park, 850 W. Stop 18 Road, Greenwood; competitive 5K race and family-friendly 5K walk begin at 8 a.m. All registrations include an all-day pass and early entry to Freedom Springs Water Aquatic Center. Pre-Registration online at eventbrite.com; Safety Festival events will include live music, safety booths, bounce houses, face painting, yard games, the Greenwood Fire Department Safety Trailer and the Kids Firefighter Fitness Challenge for children ages 4 to 12. All proceeds benefit the Greenwood Fire Foundation. WESTSIDE PARK, GREENWOOD HIKE, 8 a.m. Saturdays in May, park in the Westside Park parking lot in Greenwood, 8-mile walk with a 5-mile option in parks and neighborhoods in Greenwood. indyhike.org GREENWOOD PARK MALL HIKE, 6 p.m. Mondays and Wednesdays in May sign in at the mall food court for a self-guided hike. Take as many one- mile laps as you want; indyhike.org MERIDIAN WOODS AND TRAILS, 9:30 am. Tuesdays in May, southside 5-6 mile hike in Meridian Woods neighborhood, meet in parking lot of Woodside Community Church, 329 W. Banta Road, which is just past Lockwood Lane. Meet in the parking lot. information: indyhike.org SOUTHPORT PARK HIKE, 9:15 a.m. Wednesdays in May, meet at 6901 Derbyshire Road behind the Southport Police Station for an 8-mile hike; indyhike.org SCHOOL TO SCHOOL AND PERRY WOODS, 6 p.m. Tuesdays in May, Southport Middle School, 5715 S. Keystone Ave., Indianapolis, park by the basketball court on the south side for a 5-mile hike; indyhike.org WEIGHT WATCHERS MEETINGS, 6 p.m. Thursdays, Hornet Park Community Center, 5245 Hornet Ave., Beech Grove, 317-803-9086 F.I.T. FORCE 3 – DANCE FITNESS, 7 to 8 p.m., Tuesdays and Thursdays, The Gear, 230 Commerce Drive, Franklin, $5 suggested donation, dance fitness classes, encouraging women to find Freedom In Truth for their mind, body and spirit, fitforce3.com, fitforce3@yahoo.com AQUATOTS, Franklin Parks and Recreation program, dates and times vary; parent/toddler swim class, class is designed for children 9 months through 3 years old; complete information: 736-3689; franklinparks.org ZUMBA, 6 to 7 p.m. Tuesdays, Providence Christian Church, 4080 W. County Road 100N, Bargersville, $5 per session, Zumba resumes with certified instructor, preregistration not required, all are welcome, 422-9331 PARKINSON’S EXERCISE CLASS, 4 to 5:30 p.m. Tuesdays, 2 to 3:30 p.m. Thursdays, 10:45 a.m. to 12:15 p.m. Saturdays, Mount Pleasant Church Community Life Center, 381 N. Bluff Road, Greenwood, “The Climb” exercise program is sponsored by Indiana Parkinson Foundation uses different forms to exercise and physical therapy to improve the daily lives of people with Parkinson’s. Contact Wellness Coordinator Penny Clayton at pclayton@mpccministry.com or call 881-6778 ext. 238. A Caregiver Support Group is held the second Saturday of the month during class. BEGINNER YOGA CLASSES, 4:30 and 5:45 p.m., Tuesdays and Thursdays, Franciscan Education & Fitness Center, 421 N. Emerson Ave., Indianapolis, (between Sam’s Club and Walmart) $10 per class or $50 monthly unlimited, JoAnn Turner, 528-7719 FUN TIME YOGA FOR KIDS, now booking private and groups of 5 or more, 7 Cedars Yoga, 1064 S. Morgantown Road, Morgantown, 374-6795, 7cedarsyoga@gmail.com YOGA BASICS LEVEL 1, 7 to 8:15 p.m. Monday and Thursdays, 7 Cedars Yoga, 1064 S. Morgantown Road, Morgantown, 374-6795, 7cedarsyoga@gmail.com “INSANITY” WORKOUT CLASS, 6:30 a.m. Tuesdays, Greenwood Community Center, 100 Surina Way, four-class session fee: $16 for members, $20 for residents, $24 for nonresidents, high-intensity cardio workout, drop in fee: $7, 881-8527 MONDAY MILERS WALKING CLUB, 8:30 a.m. every other Monday, Johnson County Park, 2949 E. North St., Edinburgh (north of Camp Atterbury) for directions, visit jcpark.org, walk at least one mile long and up to one hour, rain or shine, meet at the park office, free, club to promote fitness and friendship. Open to all ages. No pets. For more information, call 812-526-6809 or email jerwin@co.johnson.in.us. TAI CHI CLASS, 10 to 11 a.m. Tuesdays and Thursdays, First Baptist Church basement, 201 E. Jefferson St., Franklin, free, 736-6753 PRENATAL YOGA, 6:45 to 7:45 p.m. Mondays and 10:30 to 11:30 a.m. Saturdays, Peaceful Heart Yoga Studio, 550 E. Jefferson St., Franklin, $40 for eight-week session; $8 drop-in; 843-267-5381, peaceful-heart-yoga.com CHRISTIAN YOGA, 6:45 p.m. Tuesdays, Wednesdays; 9:15 a.m. Saturdays, Mount Pleasant Christian Church Community Life Center, 407 N. Bluff Road, Greenwood, $3, 881-6727 MEDITATION HIKES, 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. Fridays, Indianapolis Museum of Art, 4000 N. Michigan Road, free, meet at Efroymson Family Entrance Pavilion, facilitated by Global Peace Initiatives, hikes occur regardless of the weather, globalpeaceinitiatives.net KUNDALINI YOGA & MEDITATION, 9:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. Saturdays, Peaceful Heart Yoga Studio, 550 E. Jefferson St., Franklin, $10 per class, peaceful-heart-yoga.com PRENATAL YOGA, 10:30 to 11:30 a.m. Saturdays, Evolutions@Yoga, 2801 Fairview Place, Suite 1, Greenwood, check website for fee information, evolutionsyoga.com, Terrie Purdy, 881-9642 History DESTINATION INDIANA, Indiana Historical Society, 450 W. Ohio St., Indianapolis; facilitated, interactive exhibits that use digital technology, touch screens and immersive displays of historic images and documents to explore and understand the story of Indiana using photographs and other archival materials such as broadsides, manuscripts, maps, printed items and sheet music. Destination Indiana features eight “drive yourself” time-travel stations that can each hold as many as six guests. The space also includes a large-group experience that offers access to nine journeys on its 22.5-foot by 7.5-foot screen, which features twice the resolution of a 1080i high-definition television set. Each station includes at least one journey for each of Indiana’s 92 counties, as well as “Indiana Stories” on subject matters such as African-American Hoosiers, the Civil War, the Ohio River, mapping the state, social justice and reform, rail transportation, agriculture and more are also explored. Kids CENTER GROVE PRINCESS TEA, 5 or 6:30 p.m. June 5 and 6, 10 a.m. or 11:30 a.m. June 7, Center Grove High School, 2717 S. Morgantown Road, Greenwood; 3-year-olds through elementary ages are invited to join their favorite princess for an hour of pampering; registration, www.centergrovechoirs.org/princess. YOUTH GARDEN CAMP, 9-11 a.m. June 9, 16, 23, 30, July 7, Johnson County fairgrounds, Franklin, $15 per child (includes all class-related materials and a T-shirt), for ages 8-12 (4-H membership not required). Register at Purdue Extension Johnson County, 484 N. Morton St., Franklin, IN 46131. Each day children will grow in knowledge and experience firsthand the thrill of planting a seed and watching it grow. Crafts, team-building activities and even snack time will help youngsters learn about soil, plants, pests, and garden-to-plate nutrition and become good keepers of the soil. For more information, contact Heather Dougherty at 317-736-3724 or hdougher@purdue.edu. CAMP CAN-DO, 8:15 to 4:15 p.m. weeks of June 12, June 19 and June 26, Whiteland Community High School, Johnson County Autism Support Group will host a summer program for teens on the autism spectrum, which blends traditional camp activities with life skills in a fun environment. Registration is $150 per session for Johnson County residents and $175 per session for residents outside of Johnson County. Campers attending all three sessions receive a $75 discount. To check availability, visit www.jcasg.com/camp-can-do or contact Amanda Cooper at 317-409-8372 or amanda@jcasg.org. STORYTIME YOGA, 10:30 a.m. June 24, Peaceful Heart Yoga, 550 E. Jefferson St., Franklin, ages 3 and up, $10 per child, fun yoga class aimed at kids featuring music, singing, movement and a story; preregister: 843-267-5381 WEE WEDNESDAYS, 11 a.m. Wednesdays, Indianapolis Museum of Art, 4000 N. Michigan Road, Indianapolis, $5 public, $3 IMA members, Star Studio classroom, for children ages 0 to 5 and their caregivers, pretend play, sing-a-longs, gallery art hunts and hands-on art activities, to register call 923-1331, ext. 213 PRESCHOOL STORY TIME, 10:30 a.m. Tuesdays, Southport library, 2630 E. Stop 11 Road, Indianapolis, free, children 3 to 5 and an adult, stories, songs, finger plays, rhymes, playtime, sharing time for adults, 275-4510 WONDERFUL ONES STORY TIME, 9:30 a.m. Tuesdays, White River library, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood, free, 885-1330, pageafterpage.org TERRIFIC TWOS STORY TIME, 10:15 and 11 a.m. Tuesdays, White River library, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood, free, 885-1330, pageafterpage.org CRAFTY KIDS CLUB, 4 to 5:30 p.m. fourth Tuesdays, Trafalgar library, 424 Tower St., free, crafts, 878-9560, pageafterpage.org PRESCHOOL STORY TIME, 9:30, 10:30 a.m. and 2 p.m. Wednesdays and Thursdays, 6:30 p.m. Tuesdays, Greenwood Public Library, 301 S. Meridian St., preschoolers 3 to 5 year-olds, greenwoodlibrary.us. FUN TIME YOGA FOR KIDS, 4:30 to 5:30 p.m. first Wednesday of the month, Evolutions @ Yoga, 2801 Fairview Place, Suite 1, Greenwood, $5, Terrie Purdy, 881-9642 WE-FIT WEDNESDAY SPECIAL NEEDS GROUP, 6:30 to 8 p.m. every second and fourth Wednesday of the month, Franklin Christian Fellowship Church, 2800 N. Graham Road, Franklin, free, for special needs children, families, have fun, network, sing, do crafts, share about Jesus, Patty Kinney, 850-3864, wefitspecialneedsministry@yahoo.com, franklincf.com STORY TIME AT STARBUCKS, 10:30 to 11:30 a.m. Wednesdays, Starbucks, 2279 N. Morton St., Franklin, free, ages 3 to 6, must be accompanied by an adult.Contact for reservations Mary Beth Spitz, 560-5017, mspitz7@comcast.net PRESCHOOL STORY TIME, 10 a.m. and 1:30 pm. Thursdays, White River library, 1664 Library Blvd., Greenwood, free, ages 3 to 5, registration, 535-6206, pageafterpage.org STORY TIMES TO GO, 10:30 a.m. Thursdays, Trafalgar library, 424 Tower St., free, ages 2 to 4, pageafterpage.org HOME-SCHOOL CLUB, 10 a.m. Thursdays, Trafalgar library, 424 Tower St., free, read, art, writing, lharris@jcplin.org, pageafterpage.org PRESCHOOL STORY TIME, 10 a.m. Thursdays, Trafalgar library, 424 Tower St., free, ages 3 to 5, registration, 535-6206, pageafterpage.org STORY TIMES TO GO, 10:30 a.m. Tuesdays, Trafalgar library, 424 Tower St., free, ages 2 to 4, pageafterpage.org BABY STORY TIME, 2 p.m. Thursdays, Southport library, 2630 E. Stop 11 Road, Indianapolis, free, babies up to 23 months and an adult, active program with stories, songs, fun to develop a love of books, 275-4510 CENTRAL INDIANA YOUTH CHORUS CHORAL INSTRUCTION, 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. Tuesdays year-round, East 10th St. United Methodist Church, 2327 E. 10th St., Indianapolis; activity for boys and girls age 10 to 18 who like to sing and learn to sing four-part a cappella harmony; ongoing registration; reading music not required; contact: 407-4564; janettenor@comcast.net; ciybc.org STORYTIME YOGA, noon to 12:45 p.m. Saturdays, Peaceful Heart Yoga Studio, 550 E. Jefferson St., Franklin, $12, ages 3 and older, 843-267-5381, peaceful-heart-yoga.com Movies & Theater ‘KEY LARGO,’ 2 and 7:30 p.m. June 2-3, Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St., Franklin, $3 to $5, not rated| 1 hr 40 min | action, crime, drama; starring Humphrey Bogart, Edward G. Robinson, Lauren Bacall, a man visits his old friend’s hotel and finds a gangster running things. As a hurricane approaches, the two end up confronting each other; historicartcrafttheatre.org ARTCRAFT SUMMER BREAK MOVIE SERIES: ‘AN AMERICAN TAIL: FIEVEL GOES WEST,’ 10 a.m. June 6, Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St., Franklin, $5 admission, includes small popcorn and a drink, www.historicartcrafttheatre.org. SUMMER MOVIE CAMP SERIES: ‘KUNG FU PANDA,’ 10 a.m. June 7, Canary Creek Cinema, 870 Mallory Parkway, Franklin, PG 95 minutes, free to all patrons, sponsored by Bradley Chevrolet, Corn Country Radio, Franklin Parks and Recreation, Horizon Bank, Denny’s Restaurant, and Victory Christian pre-school; www.canarycreekcinemas.com ARTCRAFT SUMMER BREAK MOVIE SERIES: ‘BABE,’ 10 a.m. June 13, Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St., Franklin, $5 admission, includes small popcorn and a drink, www.historicartcrafttheatre.org. SUMMER MOVIE CAMP SERIES: ‘THE ANGRY BIRDS,’ 10 a.m. June 14, Canary Creek Cinema, 870 Mallory Parkway, Franklin, PG 97 minutes, free to all patrons, sponsored by Bradley Chevrolet, Corn Country Radio, Franklin Parks and Recreation, Horizon Bank, Denny’s Restaurant, and Victory Christian pre-school; www.canarycreekcinemas.com ARTCRAFT SUMMER BREAK MOVIE SERIES: ‘A BOY NAMED CHARLIE BROWN,’ 10 a.m. June 20, Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St., Franklin, $5 admission, includes small popcorn and a drink, www.historicartcrafttheatre.org. SUMMER MOVIE CAMP SERIES: ‘ICE AGE: COLLISION COURSE,’ 10 a.m. June 21 Canary Creek Cinema, 870 Mallory Parkway, Franklin, PG 94 min, free to all patrons, sponsored by Bradley Chevrolet, Corn Country Radio, Franklin Parks and Recreation, Horizon Bank, Denny’s Restaurant, and Victory Christian pre-school; www.canarycreekcinemas.com ARTCRAFT SUMMER BREAK MOVIE SERIES: ‘SPACE JAM,’ 10 a.m. June 27, Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St., Franklin, $5 admission, includes small popcorn and a drink, www.historicartcrafttheatre.org. DIRTY DANCING 2 and 7:30 p.m. June 9-10, 10 p.m. June 10, Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St., Franklin, PG-13 | 1 hr 40 min | drama, music, romance; $3 -$5, starring Patrick Swayze, Jennifer Grey, Jerry Orbach; Spending the summer at a Catskills resort with her family, Frances “Baby” Houseman falls in love with the camp’s dance instructor, Johnny Castle. Special Saturday night, 10 p.m show: “Dirty Dancing and Drinkin!” – $10 tickets include voucher for a glass of wine; historicartcrafttheatre.org Museums ‘ANSWERING THE CALL: JOHNSON COUNTY IN WORLD WAR I,’ Johnson County Museum of History, 135 N. Main St., Franklin; exhibit will tell the story of Johnson County’s involvement in World War I at home and abroad. For more information, visit the website at www.johnsoncountymuseum.org or call 317-346-4500. BEYOND SPACESHIP EARTH, Children’s Museum of Indianapolis, 3000 N. Meridian St., immersive exhibit tells dynamic story of space exploration from NASA’s Project Mercury program, which sent the first Americans into space, to the International Space Station. Families can see astronaut artifacts, learn space-travel history and immerse themselves in the life of an astronaut. International Space Station Exhibit: Discover how astronauts perform scientific experiments in space; View real video of an astronaut’s day-to-day life in space; Try on space gear, and try out interactive space-task activities. Indiana Astronaut Wall of Fame: Learn about the Hoosiers who’ve made astronomical impact; View space artifacts and images from the Purdue University Archives; Explore the database of Indiana astronauts. Schaefer Planetarium and Space Object Theater: See the Liberty Bell 7, the capsule behind America’s second manned space flight; Experience Gus Grissom’s story in the a dynamic sound and light show Flight of the Liberty Bell 7; admission and complete information: childrensmuseum.org YOU ARE THERE: HOME CANNING, open through Aug. 12, Eugene and Marilyn Glick Indiana History Center, 450 W. Ohio St., Indianapolis. Exhibition is taking guests back to canning’s Hoosier beginnings. The exhibit explores the impact the Ball Brothers Company from Muncie, had on the original food preservation movement across the United States. A supporting content room will focus on topics such as Ball Brothers company history; World War II-era food preservation techniques and kitchens; seasonal food guides; and a resurgence in canning popularity. For more information on IHS or the Indiana Experience, call 317-232-1882 or visit www.indianahistory.org. EARLY STAGE: ALZHEIMER’S TOURS, 2 to 4 p.m. fourth Tuesday of the month, Indianapolis Museum of Art, 4000 Michigan Road, meet on Floor 2 at top of escalator, free, registration required through the Alzheimer’s Association, 1-800-272-3900, new program at the IMA, launched in partnership with the Alzheimer’s Association, Greater Indianapolis Chapter, designed for early-stage Alzheimer’s patients and provides an opportunity for patients to participate in a facilitated conversation of artworks in the IMA collection with their caregiver, family and friends, ima.org THE POWER OF CHILDREN: MAKING A DIFFERENCE, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday, Children’s Museum of Indianapolis, 3000 N. Meridian St., Indianapolis, exhibit about children who’ve made a difference in the world, exhibit includes Anne Frank and Ryan White, complete hours and admission information: childrensmuseum.org. GUIDED DOCENT TOURS, booked during museum hours, Monday through Sunday, Indiana State Museum, 650 W. Washington St., Indianapolis included with museum admission, 10 or more visitors needed to participate, in-depth experience of selected museum exhibitions and themes, conducted by registration only and must be booked at least two weeks in advance, tour lengths are 30 minutes to one hour depending on group preference, call 317-234-1728 for details INDIANAPOLIS MUSEUM OF ART PERMANENT EXHIBIT TOURS, 1 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, 2:30 p.m. Sundays, 7 p.m. Thursdays, ASL interpreted tours occur each month at 7 p.m. on the second Thursday and at 2:30 p.m. the third Sunday “Ask Me!” Roaming docents are available in the galleries from 1 to 3 p.m. on Saturdays to answer questions and share information. Tours meet at the top of the escalator, on Floor 2. Assistive listening devices are available by request. For a schedule of upcoming public tour topics, visit the website, free, 4000 Michigan Road, Indianapolis; imamuseum.org/programs/tours MEDITATION HIKES, 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. Fridays, free, Indianapolis Museum of Art, 4000, Michigan Road, Indianapolis, meet at the Efroymson Family Entrance Pavilion, hikes facilitated by Global Peace Initiatives, hikes occur on museum grounds regardless of weather, globalpeaceinitiatives.net ART-MAKING ACTIVITIES, noon to 4 p.m. Saturdays, Star Studio Classroom, Indianapolis Museum of Art, 4000 Michigan Road, Indianapolis, free drop-in visitor art making available; work with a teaching artist and make your own piece of art inspired by the exhibitions and ideas on display at the museum, projects designed to be accessible and fun for museum visitors of all ages and levels of experience Music SWINGIN’ SOUNDS OF BENNY GOODMAN, 7:30 p.m. June 1, Artcraft Theatre, 57 N. Main St., Franklin, Paul Cosentino and the Boilermaker Jazz Band will bring the energy and delicate swing of the Benny Goodman small bands to you, performing some of their best known material. You’ll also hear some of your favorite Goodman Big Band melodies, done small band style. $10-$15; www.historicartcrafttheatre.org GREENWOOD PARK MALL SUMMER CONCERT SERIES: ROD TUFFCURLS AND THE BENCH PRESS, 6:30 p.m. June 1, Greenwood Park Mall, outdoor fountain on mall’s north side, free series will highlight a variety of music including country, rock, R&B, Top 40, with tributes to Elton John and Billy Joel; Rod Tuffcurls and the Bench Press, is a Chicago-based cover band with a national following. Their repertoire includes hits by Hall & Oats, Taylor Swift, Queen, the Beatles, Broadway musicals and Disney classics; free, for more information, visit www.shopgreenwoodparkmall.com. MILITARY BAND, 7 p.m. June 3, Edinburgh Pixy Theatre, 111 S. Walnut St., Edinburgh, free, visit www.TheEdinburghPixy.com for schedule information and more in-depth event descriptions or call 812-526-6513. GREENWOOD COMMUNITY BAND NETHERLANDS TOUR PREVIEW CONCERT, 7 p.m. June 4, Greenwood Amphitheater, 100 Surina Way, free concert previewing the band’s June 5-12 international tour in the Netherlands, where they’ve been invited to play with other community bands in Monnickendam, just outside of Amsterdam; music will be a mix of traditional and contemporary American works for the Monnickendam community as part of the band’s commitment to be music ambassadors; donations are always welcome at GoFundMe.com/ggcbtrip. GREENWOOD PARK MALL CONCERT SERIES: BLUE RIVER BAND, 6:30 p.m. June 8, Greenwood Park Mall, outdoor fountain on mall’s north side, free series will highlight a variety of music including country, rock, R&B, Top 40, with tributes to Elton John and Billy Joel; A country band formed in Greenwood, Blue River Band is known for its high energy at live performances. The multi-instrument band will perform a set of country cover songs; for more information, visit www.shopgreenwoodparkmall.com. THE DIXIE MELODY BOYS, 7:30 p.m. June 9, Miss Betty’s Music Hall, 107 S. Pleasant St., Trafalgar, gospel music quartet will share unique, four-part Southern Gospel-style harmony; The Dixie Melody Boys have enjoyed success including a Grammy nomination and numerous Fan Award nominations from The Singing News Magazine; hit releases include “I’ll Be Living That Way,” “I Won’t Compromise,” “Welcome Home,” “Antioch Church Choir” and “I’m One Of Them;” group leader Ed O’Neal, a 50-year gospel music veteran was inducted into the Southern Gospel Music Association Hall of Fame in 2004: information: www.dixiemelodyboys.com. GREENWOOD PARK MALL CONCERT SERIES: SIMPLY ELTON, 6:30 p.m. June 15, Greenwood Park Mall, outdoor fountain on mall’s north side, free series will highlight a variety of music including country, rock, R&B, Top 40; Brian Harris brings Sir Elton John’s over-the-top piano style, costumes, and rock and roll talent to the Midwest; www.shopgreenwoodparkmall.com. POLKA BOY, 7 p.m. June 10, Mallow Run Winery, 6964 W. Whiteland Road, Bargersville; Your favorite hit with a polka twist!; $15 in advance, $20 day of show. Children 12 & under free. Tickets available for purchase online at mallowrun.com. MUSIC ON THE PATIO, 2-5 p.m. June 11, Mallow Run Winery, 6964 W. Whiteland Road, Bargersville; music by Exit 99, enjoy laid back music and summer snacks on the patio. Winery open 12-6pm. Free admission. MUSIC ON THE PATIO, 2-5 p.m. June 18, Mallow Run Winery, 6964 W. Whiteland Road, Bargersville; music by Davis & Devitt, enjoy laid back music and summer snacks on the patio. Winery open 12-6pm. Free admission. EATS & BEATS NIGHT, 5-9 p.m. June 17, Mallow Run Winery, 6964 W. Whiteland Road, Bargersville; music 5:30-8:30 p.m. by Royalty – a Prince tribute band Join in an evening of music and wine on the lawn.Food trucks will also be lined up outside the tasting room offering a variety of delicious mobile eats. Free admission. Family friendly; mallowrun.com JAMIE NICHOLE, 7 p.m. June 17, Pixy Theatre, 111 S. Walnut St., Edinburgh, folk, Americana, $10, www.TheEdinburghPixy.com for schedule information and more in-depth event descriptions or call 812-526-6513. GREENWOOD PARK MALL CONCERT SERIES: MIKE AND JOE, 6:30 p.m. June 22, Greenwood Park Mall, outdoor fountain on mall’s north side, free series will highlight a variety of music including country, rock, R&B, Top 40; From The Eagles to Maroon 5 to Mumford and Sons to Weezer, Mike and Joe perform rock’s best classics and contemporaries; www.shopgreenwoodparkmall.com. SUMMER CONCERT SERIES: COUNTRY JAMBOREE, 7 to 10 p.m. June 23, 24 N. Main St., Bargersville; tribute to Johnny Cash and Patsy Cline, contact Kelly Higdon, 317-422-3126 CHORDLIGHTERS BARBERSHOP CHORUS, 7 p.m. Tuesdays, Grace United Methodist Church, 1300 E. Adams Drive, Franklin, men who like to sing and who are interested in the group should come to a rehearsal, call 882-5187 or visit chordlighters.org/ for more information. Seniors CARD GAMES, 1 p.m. Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, Franklin Active Adult Center, 160 E. Adams St., bid euchre on Tuesday, euchre on Thursday or pinochle on Friday. Call 317-736-3696 for further information. BINGO, 1 p.m. Mondays and Wednesdays, Franklin Active Adult Center at 160 E. Adams St., pay 50 cents per card and try for regular, special, or cover-all wins, call 317-736-3696 for further information. EXERCISE CLASSES, 10 a.m. Monday, Wednesday and Friday — Exercise Circle; 10 a.m. Tuesday and Thursday — Tai Chi; 10:45 a.m. Tuesday and Thursday — chair yoga, Franklin Active Adult Center, 150 E. Adams St., call 317-736-3696 for further information. MEXICAN TRAIN, 11 a.m. first and third Fridays, Franklin Active Adult Center, 160 E. Adams St., play Mexican Train (dominoes). This easy to learn game is fun for everyone! Call 317-736-3696 for further information. JOYFUL NOISE SINGERS, 10:45 a.m. Mondays, Franklin Active Adult Center, 160 E. Adams St., Do you like to sing? Join the Joyful Noise singers for oldies, classics, hymns, and more. Call 317-736-3696 for further information. LINE DANCING, 11:30 a.m. Mondays, Franklin Active Adult Center, 160 E. Adams St., call 317-736-3696 for further information. HEALTHY EATING AND LIVING (HEAL) CLASS, 1 p.m. first Monday of the month, the Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., goal of this group is to share healthy recipes, healthy eating tips, and learn to prepare these dishes. Meetings are for anyone who enjoys cooking and wants to share their joy with others and learn new ways to cook and eat healthy. Call 3882-4810 for more information. The cost of this class is $2 per session. BARGERSVILLE SENIOR CENTER, 5 to 8 p.m. Tuesdays, 14 W. Old South St. Bargersville, meal, guitar-picking and singing and karaoke. Information: 317-797-5527 COMMUNITY BINGO, 2 p.m. last Friday of the month, Hickory Creek of Franklin, 580 Lemley St., Franklin, musical entertainment, refreshments, bingo starts about 2:30 p.m., free, must RSVP two weeks in advance, 736-8214 COMPUTER CLASSES, 10 a.m. Mondays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., free, sign up at 882-4810 BUNKA EMBROIDERY, 6:30 p.m. second and fourth Thursday of the month, $1, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St. MEXICAN TRAIN, 1 p.m., The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., $1 MAH-JONGG, 1 p.m. Wednesdays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., $1 MOVIE MATINEE, last Wednesday of each month, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., $1, 882-4810 ZUMBA, 6:30 p.m. Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, $5, Trafalgar Banquet Center, 107 S. Pleasant St., 878-4424 BINGO, 6 p.m. Thursdays and 9:30 a.m. Fridays, $4 at The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., 882-4810 EUCHRE, 6:30 p.m. Tuesdays, 1 p.m. Thursdays, Trafalgar Banquet Center, 107 S. Pleasant St., $3, 878-4424. 10-MINUTE CHAIR MASSAGE, noon to 2 p.m. by appointment second Tuesday of each month, free, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., 882-4810 HEARING AID CLEANING AND BATTERIES, 11 a.m. to noon, second Monday of each month, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St. FOLK DANCING, 9:30 a.m. Thursdays, $4, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St. FREE FITNESS EQUIPMENT INSTRUCTION, 12:45 p.m. first and third Thursday of the month, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., Greenwood Meadows representative will do fitness equipment instruction, sign-up in advance is required, thesocialofgreenwood.org. SENIOR STRETCH ’N’ FLEX, 11:15 a.m. to noon, every Tuesday and the second and third Thursday in the Activity Room, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., exercise class involves sitting and using stretching bands to perform stretches, $3, thesocialofgreenwood.org NIA, 6:15 p.m. Wednesdays, $5, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk Street, Greenwood, expressive body, mind, movement and lifestyle practice that promotes fitness and health, offers both traditional and nontraditional benefits including cardiovascular conditioning, flexibility, strength, balance, endurance and relaxation, thesocialofgreenwood.org NINEVEH SENIOR CENTER, 3208 Rodeo Drive, Johnson County Park, next to the horse park, for those 50 and older; weekly activities: 6:30 p.m. Wednesdays: euchre, cost is $1, dominoes, free; ping-pong after cards; 6:30 p.m. Thursdays, bid euchre, cost is $1; 9 a.m. Mondays and Fridays, Shanghai cards; 10 a.m. Mondays: ping-pong; second Friday of the month: pitch-in lunch at noon followed by business meeting. Info: Jon Myers 812-343-4229 CENTRAL INDIANA COUNCIL ON AGING NEIGHBORHOOD MEALS, 11:30 a.m. to noon Monday through Friday, Crestwood Village South, 8811 Madison Ave., Building 6, Indianapolis, suggested donation $2, hot, nutritious meals for adults 60 and older, call for reservation 24 hours in advance, 888-7973, cicoa.org DAILY SENIOR LUNCHEON, 11:30 a.m. to noon Monday through Friday, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., suggested donation $2 for those age 55 and beyond, call by noon the day before for reservations, provided by Central Indiana Council on Aging and In-Home Solutions’ Meals and More program, 882-4810 NUTRITIONAL SENIOR MEALS, 11:30 a.m. to noon Mondays and Fridays, Nineveh Senior Center, Schoolhouse Road and Rodeo Drive, Johnson County Park, $4.60, call two days in advance to order meal, Rose McTarsney, 346-0173 DUPLICATE BRIDGE, 12:30 p.m. Mondays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., $1, 882-4810 BODY BALANCE AND STRENGTH EXERCISE, 9 a.m. Mondays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., taught by personal trainer, $5, tips to gain control of your health, registration required, 882-4810 HELPING HANDS MINISTRY: HOT MEALS, 5 to 7 p.m. Tuesdays, Franklin Church of Christ, 3600 U.S. 31 North, free, different hot meals every week, Patty Rash, 560-1847, 535-5200, ext. 1, franklinchurch.org Wii BOWLING, 10 a.m. Tuesdays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., $1, 882-4810 EUCHRE, 1 p.m. Tuesdays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., $2, 882-4810 BUILDING BETTER BONES EXERCISES, 10:15 a.m. Tuesdays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., 882-4810 TRAFALGAR SENIOR CITIZENS, meetings at 11:30 a.m. second Wednesday of each month at the Sycamore Bible Church, 699 E. Park St. Bring a lunch and two or three covered prizes for bingo; 878-5475 CONTRACT BRIDGE, 1 p.m. Thursdays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., $1, 882-4810 NONIMPACT AEROBICS, 10:30 a.m. Mondays and Wednesdays, 6 p.m. Tuesdays, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., 882-4810 Social groups and clubs AMERICAN LEGION WEEKLY TREASURE HUNT, 7:30 p.m. Thursdays, American Legion Franklin Post 205, 1200 Park Ave.; post, is open daily at 2 p.m. and at noon on Saturday. Public is welcome. Call 317-738-9934; Registration required. GREATER GREENWOOD LIONS CLUB MEETING, 6:30 p.m. Golden Corral, 160 S. Marlin Drive, Greenwood, visitors welcome, information: Vickie Gilmore, 812-603-4440 DOLLAR HOT DOGS, noon to 5 p.m. daily, Greenwood American Legion Post 252, 234 S. U.S. 31, 317-881-1752. DOLLAR BEER FRIDAYS, noon to close Fridays, American Legion Greenwood Post 252, 334 S. U.S. 31, Greenwood, 317-881-1752 JOHNSON COUNTY EMT ASSOCIATION TRAINING SESSIONS, 7:30 p.m. first Monday of the month, Johnson County Emergency Operations Center, behind jail facility; sessions for anyone interested in emergency medicine or for EMTs who need in-service training hours to maintain their certification; information, Roger Gifford 317-422-5703 or Pat McDaniel 317-881-8872. FRANKLIN LIONS CLUB, 7 p.m. first and third Mondays of each month, Grace United Methodist Church, 1300 E. Adams Drive, Franklin, meetings are held in the second-floor meeting room on the east side of the building, for more information, contact Lion Paul Cote at 736-4707. TEXAS HOLD ‘EM, sign up 6 to 7 p.m. Tuesdays, Greenwood Moose Lodge 2079, 813 W. Smith Valley Road, buy-in, $40 and includes dinner, 881-9668 BINGO, warm-ups start at 6:30 p.m., games at 7 p.m. Mondays, Greenwood Moose Lodge 2079, 813 W. Smith Valley Road, minimum package $10, 881-9668 VINEYARD TOASTMASTERS CLUB, 7 p.m. Mondays, Perry Township Trustee Office, 4925 Shelby St., Indianapolis; new members welcome any time; website: 1109991.toastmastersclubs.org; contact Edward Barrett, 888-5176, tmebarrett@aol.com GREATER GREENWOOD LIONS CLUB, 6:30 p.m. meet-and-greet, 7 p.m. meeting, meets second and fourth Tuesdays at Golden Corral, 160 Marlin Drive, Greenwood TRIVIA SHOW, 7:30 p.m. Tuesdays, Crowbar Restaurant Lounge, 209 S. State Road 135, Trafalgar, all are welcome to participate or watch the game. JOHNSON COUNTY SHUFFLEBOARD CLUB, 5 to 9 p.m. Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays, 9:30 a.m. to noon Saturdays starting May 5, Herring Hall at the Johnson County Fairgrounds, 250 Fairground St., Franklin, all ages are welcome, dues $10 per person and $1 per session, non-members can play for $2 per session, Bruce Lucas 403-6459 MID-STATE AMATEUR RADIO CLUB monthly meetings 8 a.m. on the third Saturday of the month, Johnson County REMC office, 750 International Drive, Franklin. Meetings are open to the public for anyone interested in amateur radio. Volunteer Examiner testing starts at about 930 a.m. More information on Facebook at facebook.com/MidStateARC/; or www.midstatehams.org OR contact us at PIO@midstatehams.org BINGO, 6:30 p.m. Wednesdays, Greenwood VFW, 333 S. Washington St., $17 to $21, doors open 5:30 p.m., warm-up games 6:30 p.m., sandwich menu available until 8:30 p.m., smoke-free, 888-2488 GREATER GREENWOOD TOASTMASTERS CLUB, 6:45 a.m. Fridays, Community Hospital South Education Center, 1402 E. County Line Road, Indianapolis, public is invited, improve your public speaking skills and meet new people, information: SFuller1@me.com SOUTH CENTRAL INDIANA CORVETTE CLUB, recruiting new members. You don’t have to own a Corvette to join, you just have to be a Corvette enthusiast. The group raises money for the Ronald McDonald House of Indiana. Meetings are at 7 p.m. the second and fourth Wednesdays of the month at Hubler Chevrolet on U.S. 31. Information: scincc.com HUMANE SOCIETY OF JOHNSON COUNTY WEEKLY ADOPTION, 5 to 7 p.m. Thursdays and 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturdays, Humane Society Johnson County Pet Center, 3827 N. Graham Road, Franklin, cost depends on pet, hsjc.org, 535-6626, about 20 new animals each week, if interested in specific pet, contact humane society in advance PETS ALIVE SPAY AND NEUTER TRANSPORT, first Thursday of the month at Humane Society Johnson County Pet Center, 3827 N. Graham Road, Franklin, 7:15 to 8 a.m. drop-off; next day return transport, noon to 12:30 p.m. Information: hsjc.org, 535-6626 HUMANE SOCIETY OF JOHNSON COUNTY PET FOOD PANTRY, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., first Monday of the month at the pet center, 3827 N. Graham Road, Franklin, hsjc.org, 535-6626 AVA MARIA GUILD OF ST. PAUL HERMITAGE, 12:30 p.m. second Tuesday of each month, except for April, June and December when the meetings start at noon. No meetings in January and February, St. Paul Hermitage, 501 N. 17th Ave., Beech Grove, free, Linda Augenstein, 885-5098, beaglered@aol.com GREENWOOD VFW LADIES EUCHRE, 2 p.m. Saturdays, Greenwood VFW Post 5864, 333 S. Washington St., $5, friendly game, helps ladies raise money for special projects they support, 888-2488 WOODCARVING, 6 p.m. Thursdays, 9 a.m. Saturdays, $1, The Social of Greenwood, 550 Polk St., 882-4810 THE SOCIAL OF GREENWOOD DAY TRIP, every third Wednesday of the month, for information, thesocialofgreenwood.org, 882-4810 Teens THE COURT, 3:30 to 9 p.m. Monday through Thursday; 7 p.m. to midnight Friday and Saturday; $5 cover charge on weekends, 7 Trafalgar Square, Trafalgar, safe, clean environment for teens offering Wi-Fi, jukebox, concessions, a dance floor, arcades and a DJ on the weekends, 765-341-0568 CENTRAL INDIANA YOUTH CHORUS, 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. Tuesdays, East 10th Street United Methodist Church, 2327 E. 10th St., Indianapolis, free, ages 10 to 18, learn to sing four-part a cappella harmony, performance opportunities, ongoing registration, Janet Foster, 407-4564, janettenor@comcast.net, ciybc.org DANCING WITH A PURPOSE, 3 to 5:30 p.m. every Tuesday, Freedom Center, 6240 W. Stones Crossing Road, Greenwood, free, teens meet in the cafeteria for pizza, drinks, ministry to provide a fun and safe environment, talk, dance, pray, small groups, listen to inspirational speakers and leaders, dwap2010@gmail.com Wine and food STRAWBERRY FESTIVAL, noon to 9 p.m. June 3, noon to 6 p.m. June 4, Mallow Run Winery, 6964 W. Whiteland Road, Bargersville, music 1-4 p.m. by Kelleen Strutz and 5:30-8:30 p.m. by Mike & Joe on Saturday, music 2-5 p.m. Sunday by Woomblies; annual celebration of all things strawberry. Enjoy the yearly small-batch release of sweet strawberry wine plus extra-large strawberry shortcakes and fresh berries to take home; menu of BBQ eats available. Free admission. Family friendly. Complimentary wine tasting in the tasting room until 6 p.m. mallowrun.com AMITY VOLUNTEER FIRE RELAY FOR LIFE BREAKFAST FUNDRAISER, 7:30 to 11:30 a.m. June 17, Amity Volunteer Fire Department will host a Relay for Life breakfast fundraiser — biscuits and gravy, eggs, sausage and a choice of drink; cost for adults is $7 and for children under 10 is $5. All are welcome. All proceeds go tot he American Cancer Society for research funding. AMERICAN LEGION BISCUITS AND GRAVY BREAKFAST, 7 to 10 a.m. every first Saturday of the month, Franklin American Legion Post 205, 1200 Park Ave. All you can eat for $3. Open to the public. 317-738-9934 Dave Rook – Russ Wilkerson FFA PORK CHOP DINNERS, 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. third Tuesdays of the month, FFA Leadership Center, 6595 S. 125 W, Trafalgar, entrée, three sides, dessert and drinks for $15. Reservations should be made with Chris Nix at 317-878-4570 and are accepted until 4 p.m. each third Tuesday. ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT BREAKFAST, 7 to 10 a.m. last Saturday of each month, Greenwood Masonic Lodge 514, 592 N. Meridian St., $7, 437-5428 MONTHLY BREAKFAST, 7 to 10 a.m. first Saturday of the month, Whiteland Masonic Lodge, 39 S. Front St., $6, all-you-can-eat which includes scrambled eggs, sausage, biscuits with gravy, and pancakes plus juice, milk, and coffee. Everyone welcome to come and meet your friends and enjoy good food. COMMUNITY MEALS, 5 to 7 p.m. Monday, Greenwood Christian Church, 2045 Averitt Road; 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Tuesday, Greenwood United Methodist Church, 525 N. Madison Ave., 5 to 7 p.m., Tuesday, Turning Point Church, 3600 N. Morton St., Franklin; 5 to 6:30 p.m. Tabernacle Christian Church, 198 N. Water St., Franklin, 5 to 7 p.m. Wednesday and Thursday, Center Grove Church, 2340 S. State Road 135, Greenwood; 6 to 7:30 p.m. second Wednesdays, Stones Crossing Church, 7000 W. Stones Crossing Road, Greenwood; 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Thursday, Mount Auburn United Methodist Church, 3100 W. Stones Crossing Road, Greenwood; 5 to 6:30 p.m. Friday, Grace United Methodist Church, 1300 E. Adams Drive, Franklin; 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Fridays, Resurrection Lutheran Church, 445 E. Stop 11 Road, Indianapolis; 5 to 7 p.m. second and fourth Saturdays, Honey Creek United Methodist Church, 2722 S. Honey Creek Road, Greenwood, 6 to 8 p.m. every third Monday, Greenwood First Presbyterian Church, 102 W. Main St.; 5 to 6:30 p.m., some Mondays, Hopewell Presbyterian, 677 W. State Road 144, Franklin; for more information about participating, contact Cathy Ann Armour at carmourconsulting@gmail.com. or call her at 317-716-3900 or contact one of the organizations serving the meals, to see the monthly menu calendar, visit underthesonfaithcommunity.org or pick up a copy at any of the locations serving the meals. SHEPHERD’S TABLE FREE LUNCH, 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Tuesdays, Greenwood United Methodist Church, 524 N. Madison Ave., free, 317-881-1653 PANCAKE BREAKFAST, 8 to 10 a.m. third Saturday of every month, First Baptist Church of Greenwood, 99 W. Main St., free, firstbaptistgreenwood.org STAY CONNECTED 12,600FansLike 3,777FollowersFollow ABOUT USNobody covers Johnson county and the surrounding areas like Daily Journal. Contact us: editorial@dailyjournal.net FOLLOW US © 2017 Daily Journal unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Part of the AIM Media network
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 02, 2:40 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Eliza Wasni, 16-Year-Old Girl, Charged With Stabbing, Murdering Uber Driver In Chicago By Shreesha Ghosh @Shreesha_94 On 06/01/17 AT 2:18 AM Close A 16-year-old girl was charged Wednesday with first degree murder after she was said to have randomly stabbed her Uber driver with a machete and a knife that she had stolen from Walmart in Lincolnwood, Illinois, Chicago, authorities said. Prosecutors identified the teenager as Eliza Wasni from Chicago, who appeared in court for a bond hearing in Skokie, Illinois . The prosecutors called the act “heinous” and “not provoked in any manner.” On Wednesday afternoon, a Cook County judge ruled that Wasni would be held without bail in the stabbing of the Uber driver Grant Nelson, 34, of Wilmette, Illinois. Read: Uber Lawsuit: Company Fails To Accommodate People With Disabilities According to Cook County State's Attorney Michelle Cunningham, Wasni had taken two other Uber rides before Nelson picked her up from a Walmart store in Skokie, when she was carrying a machete and a knife. Two minutes later, Wasni stabbed Nelson from the backseat inside the car. Nelson then managed to pull over his car and ran into a condo apartment building lobby where he banged the lobby doors and screamed “Help me, help me. I'm going to die.” Following this, the residents called 911, Cunningham said. The teenager tried to escape in Nelson’s vehicle however; she hit a median and then left the car and ran on foot. Police officers found a blood trail that led them to the wounded Uber driver. Nelson was taken to a hospital nearby where he later succumbed to his injuries. Wasni was found crouching behind an office building’s air conditioning unit that was quite far from the crime scene. Cunningham said that the officers requested her to put down her weapons but she refused to do so. Then one of the officers tased her and took her into custody. Police officers were able to track the last rider on the Uber driver’s phone in order to see that “Eliza” was the last customer who rode the vehicle. Prosecutors said that the surveillance footage from Walmart showed the teenager left the store without paying for the machete and the knife. Prosecutors also stated that Wasni violated Uber’s terms and conditions, which mention that customers must be at least 18 years old to take a ride. Wasni only confirmed her name during the bond hearing. Her public defender told the court that she attends Taft High School in Chicago and lives with a single mother. Read: Indiana Teen, Who Was Focus Of Amber Alert, Charged In Mother's Stabbing Death An Uber spokeswoman said in a statement Wednesday that the company is “heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson. Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.” Outside the courtroom, Nelson's brother, Todd Nelson, called him “the most gentle, kind person. He never hurt anyone. He was good to animals, he was good to children.” His sister, Alexandra Nelson, also added that the family hopes “justice will happen,” condemning the attack and called it “horrifying and maddening.” “He was not a vindictive person,” Alexandra added. “He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate.” The victim’s autopsy results are still pending. The authorities stated that this was the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, when a man killed his brother over a dispute regarding domestic issues. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Uber Driver Saves Girl From Child Sex Trafficking Uber Driver Twitter Story Goes Viral Recommended Business Tesla Fires Female Engineer After She Sues Company For Sexism The electric car manufacturer said it decided to fire engineer A.J. Vandermeyden after an internal investigation concluded her sexism claims were unfounded. Technology Samsung Galaxy Note 8 To Have Infinity Display The device's 6.7-inch display will have 18.5:9 aspect ratio, up from the 16:9 aspect ratio in its predecessors. World North Korea Sourced IRBM Engine From A Foreign Country Michael Elleman, senior expert for missile defense at the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS), made the comments to 38 North Thursday. National Trump Administration Approaches Supreme Court To Revive Travel Ban If five out of nine Supreme Court justices rule in favor of Trump's travel ban, it will go into effect immediately. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Friday, June 2nd, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: ENTER OUR ANNUAL FATHER'S DAY CONTEST Durant propels Warriors past Cavaliers 11:55 p.m. Thu May brought mixed news for GM Lordstown 10:55 p.m. Thu 3 Mahoning Dems to be removed from leadershi... 10:55 p.m. Thu Former Campbell Mayor VanSuch dies at 76 10:55 p.m. Thu Man who killed Newton Falls bicyclist gets 3... 9:55 p.m. Thu Niles woman arrested in Austintown prostitut... 9:55 p.m. Thu all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home POLICE CALLS IN POLAND, BOARDMAN | Print Tweet Published: Thu, June 1, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. POLICE CALLS A summary of recent criminal activity in Poland and Boardman townships: POLAND May 24 Burglary: To a residence in the 7300 block of Clovermeade Drive through a rear door that sustained damage. Nothing appeared to have been stolen, however. May 25 Damage: A vehicle’s rear window was damaged at a Center Road business. Harassment: An Oak Drive woman said she’s being harassed via telecommunications. BOARDMAN May 26 Assault: A Carter Circle woman told officers a man to whom she owes $30 grabbed her hair, pushed the accuser’s head down and struck her in the back while demanding she pay him back. Employee theft: Marcus J. Magby, 22, of Ferndale Avenue, Youngstown, faced a theft charge after an internal investigation at Walmart, 1300 Doral Drive, reportedly revealed he had intentionally failed to scan about $60 worth of items. During an interview with a loss-prevention official, Magby admitted having stolen $985 worth of merchandise from the big-box store over a one-year period, a police report showed. Theft: Gloria J. Samuels, 57, of North Main Street, Poland, was charged with taking $44 worth of property, including women’s undergarments, from Walmart. Robbery: A man about age 30 wearing black sweatpants and black-and-white shoes reportedly stole $20 worth of air fresheners from Family Dollar, 4030 Market St., then pushed an employee out the door as she tried to stop him. Theft: Marcus R. Pearson, 28, of Lexington Avenue, Youngstown, was charged with stealing three pairs of men’s shorts valued at $135 from Zumiez, a clothing store in Southern Park Mall. Counterfeit: A woman reported having noticed in a trash bin near her Wolosyn Circle apartment a bag that contained what appeared to be money before police determined the contents was $345 in fake bills. Drugs: While responding to a traffic complaint in the 5100 block of Market Street, officers charged Raheem A. Satterthwaite of Sciota Avenue, Boardman, with drug abuse. Satterthwaite, 27, had a folded napkin that contained four pills he said were Tramadol, an opioid commonly used to treat moderate to severe pain, but with no prescription, a report showed. Domestic violence: Ira W. Edwards, 63, of Market Street, Boardman, faced one felony count each of domestic violence and violating a protection order after his pregnant wife alleged Edwards threw her to the ground during an argument. The charges were upgraded because of a prior domestic-violence conviction and because Edwards violated the order while committing a felony offense, a report stated. Employee theft: Authorities charged Henry L. Wylie IV of Hamrock Drive, Campbell, after a Walmart loss-prevention official alleged that over a four-month period, Wylie, 21, had deliberately conducted various over-ride transactions to discount items for friends and himself, resulting in a $580 loss. Drugs: Youngstown police handed Jay R. Weston, 31, to township authorities. Weston, of Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard, Youngstown, was charged with possession of drug-abuse instruments, related to a possible drug overdose Jan. 13 in a Southern Park Mall restroom, where officers reported having found two used needles. Counterfeit: A Canfield man told police that while in the 1300 block of Doral Drive, he had sold an Xbox game system and related items to a man who provided two phony $100 bills. Assault: A Southern Boulevard man alleged a man who had been hired to perform lawn-care services at the apartment complex pushed him away when the accuser asked him to mow the grass lower in certain areas to protect his dog from possibly getting ticks. Theft: Ruthmarie C. Holmes, 35, of Ferndale Avenue, Youngstown, was charged in the theft of four items from Family Dollar, 4030 Market St. May 27 Arrest: Elizabeth M. Fludd of South Garland Avenue, Youngstown, was charged with operating a vehicle impaired after police had pulled her over on Market Street. Fludd, 42, refused to undergo a Breathalyzer test, a report said. Criminal damaging: A Jeep in the 4000 block of Hillman Way was found with a broken rear window. Damage came to $500. Arrest: Police responded to a three-car crash with an injury near South Avenue and Mathews Road before charging Brooke M. Hernandez, 33, of Shadyside Drive, Boardman, with operating a vehicle impaired. Hernandez refused to submit to a Breathalyzer test, authorities said. Drugs: After pulling him over near Grover Drive and Indianola Road, officers took into custody Joseph J. Kucala, 54, who listed two Youngstown addresses as well as one on Westchester Drive, Austintown, and charged him with drug abuse and possession of drug paraphernalia. Kucala, who also was wanted on two bench warrants, had two pill bottles, one each with suspected marijuana and cocaine residue, a pipe with suspected marijuana residue, a straw and a container with an Oxycodone pill, a report stated. Identity fraud: A Jaguar Drive man told police a bank in Delaware informed him that someone had opened an account with the victim’s personal information, resulting in $802 worth of fraudulent activity. Arrest: Authorities at an Operating a Vehicle Impaired checkpoint near South Avenue and Mathews Road arrested Lelan C. Bright, 27, of East Dewey Avenue, Youngstown, on charges of OVI and drug abuse after alleging Bright had in the car one over-the-counter pill. Theft: A man reported having lost his wallet at a Market Street restaurant before realizing it likely was stolen. Theft by deception: Daniel A. Davis, 38, of Geneva Avenue, Struthers, faced a misdemeanor theft-by-deception charge after having been accused of selecting two clothing items, removing the price tags and attempting to return the merchandise, for which he received a $59 gift card. Unauthorized use of a vehicle: A Shadyside Drive woman alleged her daughter-in-law took the accuser’s 2013 Hyundai without permission. Arrest: Melvin Clark, 59, of Roxbury Avenue, Youngstown, was charged with operating a vehicle impaired after having been pulled over near a township OVI checkpoint. Clark registered a 0.281 blood-alcohol content, which is more than three times Ohio’s 0.08 legal intoxication limit, a report showed. Criminal mischief/menacing: An Arlene Avenue woman told authorities her former boyfriend wrote an ominous message on her vehicle’s window, then placed sticks on its trunk. Theft: Mark A. Jones, 31, was charged with theft after police alleged Jones, of Frank Street, Struthers, had deliberately failed to scan a pair of men’s boots and other items while at Walmart. Arrest: A vehicle check in the 7300 block of South Avenue resulted in the arrest of Larry D. Daniel, 44, of Milton Street, Warren. He was wanted on an Ohio State Highway Patrol warrant accusing him of failing to appear in Niles Municipal Court. Assault/criminal damaging: Officers responded to a large fight at a Boardman-Canfield Road restaurant, where a man reported a group of assailants had jumped him and struck his jaw. The fight continued in the parking lot and resulted in damage to a car’s passenger side. May 28 Arrest: Authorities answered a 911 call that originated on Brookfield Avenue from a woman who claimed to have been abducted at gunpoint near her home before they charged Lisa M. Ross, 18, of West Boston Avenue, Youngstown, with making a false alarm, a first-degree misdemeanor, after she reportedly admitted having fabricated the story. Ross told Youngstown police she had actually met one of the supposed kidnappers online and that he picked her up then took her to a township apartment, where she became angry at someone there and made up the allegation, a Boardman police report showed. Arrest: Dewayne D. Williams, 22, of Samuel Avenue, Youngstown, was picked up during a traffic stop on Southern Boulevard after police discovered Williams was wanted on a Youngstown Municipal Court bench warrant accusing him of failing to appear on a charge of operating a vehicle impaired. Theft: Two women and a man reportedly stole $430 worth of candles and other merchandise from Bath & Body Works, 379 Boardman-Poland Road. Arrest: While responding to a fight on Market Street, police charged Ashley N. Goudy-Mehno, 28, of Goshen Road, Salem, with obstructing official business after alleging Goudy-Mehno had provided two dates of birth and a false name. She also was wanted on a felony parole-violation charge. Theft: A man reportedly took a $160 chain saw from Lowe’s, 1100 Doral Drive. Theft by deception: Two women at Walmart reportedly selected $67 worth of merchandise and improperly exchanged the items for a gift card. May 29 Drug paraphernalia: A traffic stop on Market Street led to a 17-year-old Boardman boy being charged with having a digital scale in the vehicle, which, police said, also smelled of marijuana. Fraud: A Leighton Avenue woman alleged her son and another person have been illegally selling food-stamp cards from her home. Theft: A woman reportedly stole 25 articles of clothing from Family Dollar, 4030 Market St., then fled in a silver vehicle. Theft: A Glenwood Avenue man noticed two cellphones and roughly $60 missing from his unlocked car. Theft: A man reported an Xbox console and related items as well as a 32-inch TV stolen from his South Avenue residence. Criminal damaging/menacing: A woman told police that while stopped at a red light in the 6600 block of South Avenue, the driver in front of her got out, threatened to beat up the accuser and broke a windshield-wiper arm on the vehicle’s driver’s side. Other stories of interest Newton Falls man sentenced to 33 days in jail for vehicular homicide, OVI in death of bicyclist 2 charged with drug offenses after arrests Wednesday MAHONING COUNTY YPD finds six guns in West Side home, cocaine and fentanyl Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Share 64 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-01 Netflix CEO Reed Hastings Going Stir-Crazy, Thinks Company Needs More Failures [Opinion] Entertainment 2017-06-01 Ed Sheeran And James Corden Tease New ‘Carpool Karaoke’ On ‘The Late Late Show’ Entertainment 2017-06-01 Lisa Kudrow: Sexist Secrets From The Set Of ‘Friends’ And ‘Romy And Michele’ Entertainment 2017-06-01 John Legend Wants ‘Underground’ Revived, Says He ‘Feels Ariana Grande’s Pain’ After Manchester News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-02 Illinois Senate Passes Trampoline Bill Instead Of State Budget News 2017-06-01 Disney CEO Bob Iger Resigns From President’s Advisory Council After Exit From Paris Accord News 2017-06-01 Newborn Baby Dies After Los Angeles Woman Gives Birth Following Car Crash, Police Arrest DUI Driver News 2017-06-01 Hollywood Bowl: Bomb Scare At Dead & Company Show Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Soccer 2017-06-01 Cristiano Ronaldo Vs Lionel Messi? Real Madrid Star Finally Opens Up About His Relationship With Barcelona Ace Basketball 2017-06-01 Savannah Brinson Pictures: Wife Of LeBron James Gives Intimate Glimpse Into Their Private Life Wrestling 2017-06-01 WWE Rumors: ‘Extreme Rules’ 2017 Results Spoilers Revealed By Latest Betting Odds, Surprise Fatal 5-Way Winner Wrestling 2017-06-01 CM Punk Offered $1 Million To Return To The Wrestling Ring — Ryback Comments On The Deal Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-30 Outrage Over Pregnancy Test Shaming: Supermarket Forces Women To Ask Permission To Buy Pregnancy Tests [Opinion] Lifestyle 2017-05-25 National Wine Day: Quotes, GIFs, Recipes, And More Lifestyle 2017-05-24 Memorial Day 2017: Freebies, Discounts, Deals, & More Lifestyle 2017-05-21 Tired Of Being Single? Embrace ‘Sologamy’ And Marry Yourself Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-30 Depressed? Stay Off Instagram Or Use New Relieved App Instead Health 2017-05-27 Lazarus Syndrome Cases Grossly Underreported, Some Scientists Suggest Passive Monitoring After Death Health 2017-05-26 Penis Transplant In South Africa Gives Patient The Right Organ With The Wrong Color Health 2017-05-25 Magic Mushrooms Are ‘Safest’ Recreational Drug Says New Study, But How Safe Are They? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-01 Nintendo Delays Switch Online Paid Service To 2018, Changes Classic Game Service Policy And Shares Pricing Gaming 2017-06-01 Ubisoft Teases E3 2017 Reveals Of ‘Assassin’s Creed’, New Franchise, And More Gaming 2017-06-01 ‘Minecraft’ Discovery Update Hits Pocket And Win 10 Editions, Adds Marketplace, Mansions, And More Gaming 2017-06-01 ‘The Lost Arcade’: A Documentary For Gamers [Opinion] BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-01 Walmart Set To Release Jelly Donut Oreos This Weekend In A Sweet Ode To National Donut Day BuzzWorthy 2017-06-01 Is the First Lady Getting Fashion Revenge On The American Fashion Designers Who Refused To Dress Her? BuzzWorthy 2017-06-01 Convicted Serial Killer Karla Homolka Volunteered At Her Kids’ Elementary School, Other Parents Furious BuzzWorthy 2017-06-01 Will Melania And Barron Trump Move To The White House On June 7, 2017? ‘In The Coming Weeks,’ Says White House SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Uber Driver Allegedly Stabbed To Death By 16-Year-Old Eliza Wasni In Random Act Of Violence Crime 64 0 0 June 1, 2017 Uber Driver Allegedly Stabbed To Death By 16-Year-Old Eliza Wasni In Random Act Of Violence Patricia Ramirez Early Tuesday morning, 16-year-old Eliza Wasni allegedly did the unthinkable. According to police, the teen wandered around a Skokie, Illinois Walmart and stole a knife and machete, a crime allegedly caught on surveillance cameras. Then, the teen allegedly used the weapons to fatally stab her Uber driver, 34-year-old Grant Nelson. As ABC 7 reports, Nelson was Eliza Wasni’s third Uber driver of the day, picking her up after her alleged shoplifting spree. Investigators say that at 1:12 a.m., Wasni took an Uber to the Des Plaines train station. She then took a second Uber from the train station to the Walmart and arranged for a third Uber to pick her up from the store. On Wednesday, 16-year-old Wasni was charged as an adult with first-degree murder. Not surprisingly, she was denied bail after appearing in bond court where prosecutors called the vicious stabbing attack “heinous and unprovoked.” According to Cook County prosecutors, victim Grant Nelson had the fatal misfortune to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. He unwittingly picked up the teen, unaware that she had violent intentions. After Eliza Wasni got into the back seat of his vehicle, prosecutors allege that the teen repeatedly stabbed the driver from her position behind him. According to Assistant State’s Attorney Michelle Cunningham, Nelson attempted to flee from his unlikely attacker by jumping out of his car and running for help at a nearby building. “The victim runs to the lobby door and is heard banging and screaming, ‘Help me, help me, I’m going to die.” The Wilmette Patch reports that after brutally stabbing her Uber driver within minutes of getting in his car, Wansi attempted to flee the scene of the carnage. She allegedly stole his vehicle and attempted to drive away. Her escape was thwarted when she hit a median. Prosecutors say that Eliza Wansi then tried to get away on foot, stripping off her bloody shirt and attempting to evade police in just her bra and leggings. Eliza Wasni held without bail in murder of Uber driver in Lincolnwood – Chicago Sun… https://t.co/MyIIVn6jZ3 #Uber — mediat technology (@mediat_tech) May 31, 2017 Police were alerted to the horrific crime when they received 911 calls that a man was screaming for help in the area. When they arrived on scene at 3:22 a.m, Wansi was shirtless and still armed with the stolen knife and machete. According to officers, they repeatedly demanded that she drop the weapons, but she refused. Ultimately, Eliza Wansi was Tased at the scene. First responders found Grant Nelson hiding in a 2014 Hyundai Sonata, he immediately identified himself as an Uber driver who had been stabbed by his white female passenger and that she was likely a juvenile. So sad, such a waste of a decent human life. This generation between drugs, and stupidity have truly lost their way — rene simmons (@simmons6654) June 1, 2017 Wow. So tragic. ???? He survived long enough to give police description of girl. — Mark J (@marjenjr) June 1, 2017 #Miserable And #Barbaric Only 16 Years,Old. With #Bloodthirsty Impulses Of #Killer. Totally #Wrong Direction.#Apalling — Avramov Kosta (@AvramovK) May 31, 2017 White privilege is a helluva drug. — elisabeth epps* (@elisabeth) June 1, 2017 Paramedics rushed Nelson, who had been stabbed multiple times, to St. Francis Hospital. Unfortunately, doctors were unable to save his life. When Eliza Wansi appeared in court on Wednesday, Cook County Judge Michael J. Hood called the senseless murder a “random act of violence” before denying the teen bond. Judge Hood also pointed out in court that Wasni and Nelson didn’t know each other before attack, which he called “extremely violent in nature.” Grant Nelson,34, ate dinner with his family before he was stabbed and killed while driving for a ride sharing app. @cbschicago pic.twitter.com/xFfcFFGs0y — Charlie De Mar (@CharlieDeMar) May 30, 2017 As Heavy reports, Grant Nelson’s sister has spoken out about her brother’s character in the aftermath of his violent murder. According to Alex Nelson, her Uber driving brother was an animal lover and all around “good person.” Needless to say, Nelson’s sister says that Grant didn’t deserve the fate allegedly meted out to him by 16-year-old Eliza Wansi. “He had probably the most extensive collection of classical music of anyone I’ve ever met in life… I want people to know Grant was a good person. He was not a vindictive person. He was not a cruel person. He didn’t deserve this fate.” While Eliza Wasni has been charged with first-degree murder and as an adult for the role she allegedly played in her Uber driver’s senseless and brutal slaying, the teen will not face the death penalty if she is convicted, as Illinois has not been a “death penalty state” since 2011. The maximum sentence Wasni could receive for the stabbing is life in prison. [Featured Image by Prath/Shutterstock] Share 64 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Patricia Ramirez Tags: Crime, Teen Killer, Uber, Uber driver March 23, 2017 Trump NASA Budget Isn’t Helping Elon Musk Get To Mars Or Build Cislunar Economy March 23, 2017 It’s Now Okay For Hunters To Shoot Hibernating Bears And Wolves In Their Dens Comments LATEST HEADLINES After 40 Years, Astronomers Still Cannot Dismiss SETI ‘WOW!’ Signal As Not Being Alien Illinois Senate Passes Trampoline Bill Instead Of State Budget See Megyn Kelly In Sexy Dress And Platform Heels Chatting With Vladimir Putin Resorts World Manila Attack: Gunman Commits Suicide, Robbery Not Terrorism ‘Fear The Walking Dead’ Season 3 Premiere Opens With Several Main Characters Captured By A New Group Cristiano Ronaldo Vs Lionel Messi? Real Madrid Star Finally Opens Up About His Relationship With Barcelona Ace ‘Playboy’ Model Dani Mathers Claims She’s Received Death Threats Following Body Shaming Debacle Are You A Fan Of ‘Game Of Thrones’? Well, Harvard Now Offers A Class ‘Dragon Ball Super’ Episode 94: Sidra Tries To Destroy Frieza As Trunks/Goten Sit In For Android 17 Savannah Brinson Pictures: Wife Of LeBron James Gives Intimate Glimpse Into Their Private Life Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories ‘Little People, Big World’: Zach And Tori Roloff Confirm Baby Jackson Has Dwarfism [Update] 19.8k 0 0 Odd Trump Tweet About #Covfefe Goes Viral, And Comics Like James Corden Add To Hilarity [Updated] 18.5k 0 0 Hello Nurse! ‘Animaniacs’ Reboot Returns Pinky And The Brain And Other Warner Characters To TV 19.9k 0 0 Study Shows Smokeless Cigarettes May Cause More Cancer Than Ordinary Cigarettes, And Philip Morris Isn’t Happy 12.3k 0 0 Hillary Clinton And Donald Trump Take Shots At Each Other On Twitter 10.2k 0 0 Roger Waters Brings Powerful Anti-Trump Message On New Tour, Offending Some Fans 79.8k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment Events EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 74° 74° Low 73° High 82° Fri 74° 89° Sat 73° 90° Sun 74° 89° See complete forecast Severe weather alert ‘Help me! I’m going to die’: 16-year-old girl accused of killing Uber driver with knife, machete Posted 7:56 PM, May 31, 2017, by Tribune Media Wire, Updated at 06:29AM, June 1, 2017 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. -- A 16-year-old girl charged with killing her Uber driver was captured on Walmart surveillance video "walking nonchalantly throughout the store" holding a knife in one hand and a machete in another, prosecutors said. Authorities say Eliza Wasni later used those weapons kill 34-year-old Grant Nelson in Lincolnwood, Illinois. That's just one of the details that Cook County State's Attorney Michelle Cunningham revealed in a news conference Wednesday after Wasni appeared in court on first-degree murder charges. She is being held without bond for allegedly killing Nelson, of Wilmette. According to Cunningham, Wasni hailed the first of three Uber drivers at about 1:25 a.m. Tuesday, and was driven to a train station in Des Plaines. At 2:18 a.m., a second Uber driver took her from the train station to a Walmart store. That's when Cunningham says the teen removed a knife and a machete from their packaging at the store and walked around holding them. Then she left Walmart with the knife and machete, without paying, and was not stopped by any personnel, Cunningham said. The third Uber driver, Nelson, picked up Wasni in his Hyundai Sonata a few blocks west of the Walmart. About two minutes after Wasni got in the car, Cunningham says Nelson was stabbed by Wasni from the backseat. Cunnningham says Nelson was able to maneuver his car into a condo apartment building driveway near Lincoln and Touhy. Cunningham said he got out of the car and was heard banging and screaming at the lobby door saying "Help me! Help me! I'm going to die!" That's when residents called 911. Cunningham says Wasni tried to flee in Nelson's vehicle but she hit a median near the scene. Officers say she left the car, which was covered in blood, running in the middle of Lincoln Avenue and fled on foot. Cunningham says police found Nelson laying in the grass near the scene. He told officers that he was an Uber driver and that his passenger had attacked him. He was then transported to an area hospital where he later died from his injuries. According to Cunningham, another group of officers later found Wasni crouched behind an office building's air conditioning unit not too far from the scene. She had the machete in one hand and a knife in another. When she wouldn't drop the weapons at the officers' requests, one of the officers tazed her and she was taken into custody. Autopsy results of the victim are still pending. Walmart did not immediately offer a statement regarding the incident. Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Got a Tip? Let us know! Click here to email us your news tip. Popular 14-year-old girl gang raped for 6 days, Connecticut police say Facebook photo leads to arrest of man seen riding with baby on motorcycle, police say Mary Kay Letourneau and ex-pupil Vili Fualaau to separate after 12 years, report says Couple who paid off $200K debt in 2 years reveal how they did it Latest News Passenger tried to enter the cockpit on Malaysia Airlines flight Closing Comments: Climate Change Houston Mayor joins 60 other ‘Climate Mayors’ revolting against President Trump’s pull out of Paris Climate Accord Senators asked Comey to investigate Sessions’ alleged perjury before Congress Nation/World Police: Girl dives from truck after being kidnapped, sexually assaulted and injected with meth Nation/World Three teenagers arrested in kidnapping and killing of 6-year-old boy Local HPD: Man takes selfie video on stolen phone after aggravated robbery  Nation/World NewsFix Ex-Uber engineer who blogged about alleged discrimination lawyers up Nation/World Utah man who allegedly recorded 16-year-old’s death ‘wanted to know what it was like’ Nation/World Gang member who’s been deported 4 times arrested in stabbing Local HPD: Mother hit, killed while walking with 6-year-old daugher NewsFix Lyft says round up your fare and donate to charity Nation/World Man killed daughters before telling wife to ‘live and suffer’ Nation/World Man killed daughters before telling wife to ‘live and suffer’ Nation/World Man, 19, arrested in shooting death of innocent 8-year-old DeMaree Adkins Texas North Texas police chief under investigation after arrest of beauty queen Nation/World Police told woman to stop calling 911 hours before she and her son were killed Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Amazon Business Retail Wal-Mart works to close the e-commerce gap as it competes with Amazon Originally published May 31, 2017 at 6:33 pm Updated June 1, 2017 at 6:54 am There are signs that Wal-Mart’s online efforts are starting to click. “I can tell you we are happy with the moves we are making, and we are happy with the results,” says Marc Lore, the head of Wal-Mart’s U.S. online operations. Share story By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO The Associated Press HOBOKEN, N.J. — Even after an online-spending spree, it may be hard for Wal-Mart to escape the Amazon in the room. Wal-Mart’s acquisition of Jet.com and brands that appeal to younger shoppers have given it an e-commerce boost as it works to close the gap between itself and the online leader. The world’s largest retailer is betting on essentials like cereal and diapers and has adjusted its shipping strategy to better compete with Amazon’s Prime program. But Amazon keeps innovating too, implementing new technology and trying to make shopping more convenient. Marc Lore, a co-founder of Jet.com who is now head of Wal-Mart’s U.S. online operations, says he’s confident about the company’s momentum and that there’s plenty of room for it to thrive. Most Read Stories Paul Allen’s colossal Stratolaunch plane emerges from its lair  VIEW Future grandma has problem with plans for naming granddaughter | Dear Carolyn Young father run down, killed in Grays Harbor County campground confrontation Evergreen State College closes after caller claims to be armed, en route to campus Mary Kay Letourneau's husband files for legal separationSale! Get 90% off digital access. “I can tell you we are happy with the moves we are making, and we are happy with the results,” Lore said at the Jet headquarters in Hoboken, New Jersey. “It’s about moving fast. It’s about innovating. And it’s a very big market.” He noted that e-commerce sales industrywide are still growing 15 percent per year. Lore led Wal-Mart’s acquisitions of specialty-online retailers like ModCloth, Moosejaw and ShoeBuy.com, and said he’s still looking at companies that have expertise in categories where Wal-Mart wants to grow faster. As Wal-Mart prepares for its annual meeting Friday, there are signs that things are starting to click. Sales at Walmart.com rose 63 percent in the first quarter, up from 29 percent growth in the previous quarter and marking its fourth straight quarter of increases. Wal-Mart said most of the increase was not through acquisitions but was fueled by changes in its shipping strategy and a discount for shoppers who pick up their online orders. Walmart.com now offers 50 million products including those from third-party sellers, up from 10 million a year ago. In comparison, Amazon has hundreds of millions of products. David Spitz, CEO of e-commerce technology company ChannelAdvisor, says for some shoppers it has become ingrained that they start and finish their shopping at Amazon, and the Prime program reinforces that. He said Wal-Mart wasn’t putting a sufficient emphasis on keeping up. “If anything, the gap was widening,” Spitz said. “Jet.com was intended to be a jolt. Wal-Mart is clearly being more aggressive. There is a sense of urgency, but whether that is enough is the multibillion-dollar question.” Amazon accounted for 33 percent of U.S. online sales last year, according to the research firm Euromonitor. Wal-Mart moved into second place ahead of eBay, with 7.8 percent. Greg Melich, an analyst at research firm Evercore, estimates that Amazon customers spend an average of $800 annually on the site, and members of its $99-a-year Prime program spend on average 2.7 times more than others. If Amazon’s relationship with Prime members continues to grow, Melich said recently, then Amazon’s path toward Wal-Mart’s 9 percent of the total U.S. retail market from its current 3 percent is “reasonable.” If Lore is worried, he doesn’t acknowledge it. “We don’t think specifically about Prime at all,” he said. “We think we (have) got a customer base — those customers who want to be able to save money and they want to be able to shop in different ways, whether it be direct-to-home, grocery pickup or going to the physical store.” Its 4,700 stores are a strength for Wal-Mart, as they buck the larger retail trend in seeing increases in shopper numbers and sales. The discount for store pickup is helping bring shoppers in. Wal-Mart says even the expansion of stores with curbside pickup for groceries is helping, since people often realize they forgot an item or two and run into the store. And as rivals like Target struggle to get their grocery departments right, Wal-Mart is placing a priority on essentials like peanut butter, paper towels and fresh produce that shoppers buy often. Amazon’s stores are mainly showcases for gadgets, or are textbook- and furniture-pickup locations aimed at college students. But it keeps innovating, and it’s testing an Amazon Go convenience store, where sensors track items and there’s no need for shoppers to check out. Amazon just opened its first bookstore in Manhattan and seventh overall. Moreover, Amazon also launched two grocery-pickup kiosks in Seattle that allow Prime customers to buy fresh items online and pick them up in as little as 15 minutes instead of having them delivered. The service is free, and there’s no order minimum. Shipping remains intensely competitive. Amazon Prime members in more than 5,000 cities and towns can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. Through Prime Now, members in more than 30 cities can get some items in an hour or two. “We’ve had competition every day of our existence at Amazon and it’s never changed our approach,” Amazon says. “We obsess over customers and the things we believe customers will always care about — low prices, vast selection and fast delivery.” Wal-Mart has revamped its shipping program and now offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase order of $35. Lore says Wal-Mart customers are placing more orders and spending more than before. In April, Wal-Mart launched a service called Easy Reorder where the items shoppers buy with their credit card at a store will pop up on their online account for replenishment. As more integration happens behind the scenes of Walmart.com and Jet.com, Lore says that over time, Jet’s “smart-cart” technology will be integrated into the Wal-Mart site. Jet was built on a real-time pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping. It adjusts prices and encourages shoppers to buy certain items for more savings. Wal-Mart says it’s helping people to shop smarter by encouraging them to build an order of $35 and offering extra discounts for store pickups of online orders. And Lore says the plan is to get to several hundred million products on Wal-Mart’s website over the next few years. “We want to sell them everything,” Lore said. “The assortment is growing fast,” he said. “But we know in certain categories, we need to make more progress.” ANNE D'INNOCENZIO View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Japan launches rocket with satellite to build its own GPS Previous Story Apple reportedly readies Siri speaker in bid to rival Amazon, Google Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football O-Wrap: Cop assaulted in HWT...Hot hurricane season...Robot taxi passengers could be charged 7:00 pm Debate on Building Bill to start Tuesday 9:30 pm Paulwell voluntarily discloses financial dealings 9:15 pm US cities and states defy Trump, embrace climate pact 8:45 pm New programme has Wal-Mart workers making home deliveries 8:00 pm Windies looking to dominate minnows 7:30 pm Some realities of sex work Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet Dear Editor,Imagine putting in a hard day's work to support your family of three only to be robbed of your hard-earned money by the very same people who swore to serve and protect you. Imagine coming to an agreement to provide services to a client in return for remuneration, satisfactorily delivering your end of the agreement only for the client to turn around and demand their money back. In full. At knife point. If it sounds like a nightmare it's because it is. But while you may enjoy the luxury of waking up to the warmth and comfort of your bed, the protective embrace of your father, soothing coos from your mother, or a calming back rub from your spouse, Peaches does not. What she does have are three dependents to support and the very dangerous job that she uses to support them. Peaches is a sex worker. For many people the thought of ever identifying with a sex worker is far-fetched. To us, sex workers are different from us. But it is people like us who buy the services that Peaches sells, and who mistreat and abuse sex workers. For Peaches, whose typical workday starts at 6:30 pm and ends at 2:00 am, a lot of her clientele are high-profile individuals in society; “those types of people like doctor[s], lawyers, police [officers] and soldiers,” she says. Not only are average citizens the ones patronising sex workers, but they're also the ones who are putting their lives at risk. Speaking on the many dangers she encounters in her nocturnal job she says, “Sometime you go inna the room wid the man dem and yuh see dem draw out some long knife, yuh blood run cold, you wonder if a you him come fa... Yuh just haffi just do the ting 'cause you don't want him tek off you [head].” For Peaches, the only one she can count on to protect her is herself. “A whole heap a time man save my life. A whole heap a time mi haffi carry man go box up man fi mi and pay him; and mi know mi neva pick da work ya, mi never chose da work here, but just because certain things mi haffi jus do it because nobody no deh deh fi me.” “Sometime I go on the road and police want to take money from [me], and when yuh decide not to they also want to lock up the client and run yuh off the road and stuff like that. Police and soldier buy sex more than anybody else, and yet still dem tek set pon sex worker the most, because dem want extortion money.” There's no Cinderella story for Peaches, no prince charming to sweep her off her feet and take her from harm's way. As a sex worker, she's disproportionately vulnerable to contracting sexually transmitted diseases compared with the national rate of 1.8 per cent. She's also among the 38 per cent of sex workers who have been victims of violence on the streets where they work, according to the Caribbean Vulnerable Communities Coalition (CVC). Peaches confirms that Jamaica AIDS Support for Life (JASL) provides a clinic to sex workers in an effort to mitigate some of the risks, she says, “Most of the time if I feel I want a test or anything I call and make an appointment and go to JASL.” “Sex work is not a bad thing, you have people go inna it, dem no go inna it because dem bad and dem nuh go inna it because dem just wah have sex. Dem go inna it fi pay bills and fi have certain things. Like me, I am an example to it. A certain things mek me go do the work.” However, JASL's efforts alone are not enough. The CVC and other advocates for the decriminalisation of sex work believe that designating areas for sex work, creating laws that protect sex workers, and providing them with avenues to report police brutality and exploitation from the hands of clients and club owners could help lessen the very real risks to life that they endure every day.   Contributed by Jamaica AIDS Support for Life ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Some realities of sex work All these govt programmes and task forces... The mistake in our national anthem Serious sewage problem Politicians can't manage FFP, so they say grapes sour We shouldn't neglect our children, our future There should be more gratitude to Food For the Poor Sad matchbox stalls Karl Samuda vs Richard Azan — the great political tit for tat All in the sport, Rankin Pumpkin We want Internet! Credit card fraud : Will the computer chip fortify consumer security — Part II BOJ should stop chasing coins! How dare you? Rankin Pumpkin needed more to win Sunshine Girls need better coaches Wrong turn, Minister Chuck, time for law to catch up Great article on Airbnb in Jamaica 'Curvy Diva' a hugely talented dancehall act Why the big fight against Rankin Pumpkin? ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
null
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football O-Wrap: Cop assaulted in HWT...Hot hurricane season...Robot taxi passengers could be charged 7:00 pm Debate on Building Bill to start Tuesday 9:30 pm Paulwell voluntarily discloses financial dealings 9:15 pm US cities and states defy Trump, embrace climate pact 8:45 pm New programme has Wal-Mart workers making home deliveries 8:00 pm Windies looking to dominate minnows 7:30 pm Palm Beach fest a hit Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet Full-A-Vybez Inc, organisers of the The 14th Annual Palm Beach Jerk and Culture Festival, said the event had lived up to its expectations.“Even though the sun and temperature seemed to have been at a record high, patrons still didn't mind and came out in full support of the event,” said the company's publicist Keisha Freeman. According to Freeman, there was a little bit of everything for everyone, as the party pavilion started off early and had the patrons rocking non-stop for hours, while the kids were kept busy at the Kiddies Corner where they had bounce houses and other activities. Playtime was not only for the kids; there was a game area where patrons challenged each other to friendly board games. “The sweet aroma of food filled the park; vendors had jerk everything, even jerk ice-cream. Patrons also got a chance to experience and purchase Caribbean arts and craft,” she said. On the main stage, the show started on time, everything ran smoothly, and the transition between acts was seamless. Wayne Wonder started off his set with retro dancehall, thrilling the audience with non-stop hits. He had the crowd singing and rocking during his entire performance. Half Pint then came and “levelled the vibes” with hits such as Greetings and Political Fiction. Agent Sasco dominated the stage with another stellar, high-energy performance. The members of the audience were more than willing to be his back-up singers. Tarrus Riley thrilled the crowd and even took it a step further along with Dean Fraser and other band members by performing a tribute to the late Frankie Paul in his set. Love of Hip Hop reality TV star Safaree was invited briefly onstage by Riley. He then closed the show and left the audience wanting more. “We have had another successful incident-free event. Right now we are focusing on Orlando Jerk Fest in October. We however promise that we'll do everything to ensure both Orlando and Palm Beach Festivals continue being family-orientated events,” Freeman added. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Zekedon drops drops mixtape, web series PHOTO: Supa Dups Mups Magic With Shakira Supa Dups goes Latin way Kabaka drops Can't Breathe today Tatik presses ahead Palm Beach fest a hit My Jamaican 55! Whoa! Bar-bee's back Us Boss spreading the Word IRD goes Dub Collie Buddz high on the Good Life Chronixx to hit the road again June 10 send-off for Frankie Paul My Jamaican 55! Munga in legal limbo Patra for 'Powerful'concert Style Week closes on a high Papa Biggy walking with God Enigma show a success Dexta did it! ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football O-Wrap: Cop assaulted in HWT...Hot hurricane season...Robot taxi passengers could be charged 7:00 pm Debate on Building Bill to start Tuesday 9:30 pm Paulwell voluntarily discloses financial dealings 9:15 pm US cities and states defy Trump, embrace climate pact 8:45 pm New programme has Wal-Mart workers making home deliveries 8:00 pm Windies looking to dominate minnows 7:30 pm Us Boss spreading the Word Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet Up-and-coming singjay Us Boss said has been gaining much attention since the release of his recently single Nuh Secret Fi Wi.“Since its release, it has been getting heavy rotations as our culture accepts the message. It is about standing up for what we believe in and not going against what is right to achieve or live a particular lifestyle. I refuse to condone any livity or lifestyle that I know is wrong,” he told Splash. Nuh Secret Fi Wi was released in December of last year. “This is my debut song and so far it is going on really good in the streets and is being played on the airwaves. I really hope it will continue to grow and reach an even more global market and top several international charts,” he said. Secret Fi Wi is produced by Team Focus Entertainment/Focus Records. A music video for the single is the works. Us Boss, given name Tory Darling, grew up in Westmoreland and Kingston. “Like most teenager, I loved music growing up, but not only was I passionate about it, I also wanted a career in it. However, I was in no rush as I wanted to hone my skills, so it wasn't until last year that I decided to officially release a song,” he said. His other singles are Pretty Lady and Any Price. – Simone Morgan-Lindo ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Zekedon drops drops mixtape, web series PHOTO: Supa Dups Mups Magic With Shakira Supa Dups goes Latin way Kabaka drops Can't Breathe today Tatik presses ahead Palm Beach fest a hit My Jamaican 55! Whoa! Bar-bee's back Us Boss spreading the Word IRD goes Dub Collie Buddz high on the Good Life Chronixx to hit the road again June 10 send-off for Frankie Paul My Jamaican 55! Munga in legal limbo Patra for 'Powerful'concert Style Week closes on a high Papa Biggy walking with God Enigma show a success Dexta did it! ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 57° Few Clouds Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Mostly clear. Tonight Mainly clear skies. Low 49F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 1, 2017 @ 11:15 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Letter to the editor: Walmart profits while communities suffer BY TONY MARSHALL Jun 1, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago The Walmarts across the country make more than $14 billion a year in profits. Investors pocket $10-plus billion. There are seven Walmart family members on Forbes' list of the country's 400 richest people. Yet, Walmart costs taxpayers $7 billion in government subsidies for its employees — food stamps, health care, rental assistance, etc. — each year. The conservatives of Congress sound off continually, and loudly, about welfare yet they always fail to mention that the major proportion of all welfare is actually supplementing the salaries of employees of large corporations to increase the profits of those corporations at the expense of middle-class taxpayers. Welcome to Tehachapi, Walmart. When we park in your parking lot, we'll forget all about what you're costing us in taxes. In addition, note this: Every year, employers similar to Walmart, plus fast-food outlets, pay wages that are so low, that the rest of the country (primarily what's left of the middle class) has to come up with $153 billion-plus each year to subsidize their employees' salaries. If those employers paid their employees livable salaries, the $153 billion could be used to make every public college tuition free, or we could double the amount we spend on veterans' services, scientific research and our infrastructure. Think about it next time your hear the words free enterprise. There's nothing free about it these days. Tony Marshall, Tehachapi This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Kurt Reid Liebengood, 1976–2017 Pilot Flying J Travel Center coming to Tehachapi New warden named at California Correctional Institution Gargantuan Stratolaunch rolled out for first time at Mojave Air & Space Port in eastern Kern PHOTO GALLERY: Swinging into Memorial Day in Tehachapi at the Western Swing Out PHOTO GALLERY: Ultimate sacrifices remembered on Memorial Day in Tehachapi Security breach leads to release of information used to pay TVHD, Adventist Health Caution, motorists: Asphalt work to start on Highway 58, bringing lane closures Go and do: Tehachapi's Memorial Day Parade, ceremony are Monday Pen in Hand: Mountain Lions are large and formidable, but also shy and elusive Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections Home News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Sponsored Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2017 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Make Save Borrow Grow Live More Deals 4 Chains Offering Free Doughnuts on Friday Chris Kissell June 1, 2017 Photo by Kateryna Mostova / Shutterstock.com 4 Chains Offering Free Doughnuts on Friday 0 Start your morning — and your weekend — with a free sweet treat by celebrating National Doughnut Day on Friday. Several national chains are participating in the promotion. They include: Krispy Kreme. Get a free doughnut of your choice. Dunkin’ Donuts. Purchase any beverage, and you’ll get a free classic doughnut. LaMar’s Donuts. Get a free doughnut when you print or show the ticket found at the LaMar’s Donuts website. Cumberland Farms. From 5-10 a.m. ET, get a free doughnut when you purchase a any Chill Zone, HYPERFREEZE, hot or iced coffee, tea, or cappuccino beverage. Also, take advantage of other great restaurant savings by checking out the following stories: “3 Great Restaurant Deals to Kick Off the Summer“ “9 Restaurants Giving Away Free Gift Cards This Spring“ Do you know of more great deals scheduled for this weekend? Share them by commenting below or on our Facebook page. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,260 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit 10 Golden Rules to Avoid Getting Scammed We have all been ripped off. If you want to avoid that sickening feeling in the future, follow these simple rules. 6 Ways to Ready Your Home for Hurricane Season 6 Stores That Allow Coupon Stacking Are You Eligible for a Refund From Amazon? Are Family Members Putting Your Retirement at Risk? You Must Do This 22 Budget-Friendly Ways to Entertain Kids in the Summer 6 Ways to Get Your Official FICO Score Free How to Refinance Your Car Loan for Long-Haul Savings Comments 4 Chains Offering Free Doughnuts on Friday Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 354,260 happy subscribers 122,569 12,180 How to Earn Extra Money by Doing Things You’re Already Doing The ABCs of Selecting a Medicare Supplement Plan Survey Sites to Turn Extra Minutes Into Extra Money What You Need to Know About Buying or Selling a Timeshare Property How to Get Amazon Prime and HBO Free 5 Simple Ways to Save Money on Every Online Purchase You Can’t Be Financially Secure Without These 10 Products 20 Clever Ways to Make Extra Money 7 Painless Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Years Earlier 6 Cellphone Secrets That Can Save You Hundreds of Dollars a Year 2,079 Active Deals Lowe's takes up to 40% off select appliances, grills, lighting, tools, home improvement items, and more during its Memorial Day Sale. Plus, MyLowe's members receive free shipping. (Not a member? It's free to sign up. Items over 150 lbs. incur additional surcharges.) Deal ends June 5. Lowe's Memorial Day Sale: Up to 40% off + free shipping Lowe's takes up to 40% off select appliances, grills, lighting, tools, home improvement items, and more during its Memorial Day ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 14 hr ago Walmart continues to discount a selection of bikes and bike accessories during its Bike to Work Week Sale. Plus, orders of $35 or more qualify for free shipping; otherwise, it costs $5.99. (In-store pickup is also an option for some items.) This sale includes a number of all-time price lows. A couple of best bets: Huffy Women's Norwood 700c Cruiser Bike for $99 (low by $35) Schwinn Unisex Skyliner 700c Hybrid Bike for $179 (pictured, low by $36) Walmart Bike to Work Week Sale Bikes from $39 + free shipping Walmart continues to discount a selection of bikes and bike accessories during its Bike to Work Week Sale. Plus, orders ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 13 hr ago That Daily Deal offers access to its June Extreme Stupid Good Deals for free. That's a $5 savings and tied with last month's mention as the best deal we could find. Through June 30, you'll receive access to exclusive rapid-fire deals, an automatic 20% discount on standard That Daily Deal and 13 Deals purchases, and free shipping on all orders. (Everything you order during this time will be shipped together during the first week of July.) Deal ends June 5. Note: Although this is a free offer, you will need to enter credit card information to get this deal. That Daily Deal June Stupid Good Deals access for free That Daily Deal offers access to its June Extreme Stupid Good Deals for free. That's a $5 savings and tied ... Read more. Updated: 11 hr 7 min ago Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Disney Personalized Family Decal for free + free shipping Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Read more. Updated: 1 week 5 days ago Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping fee, or bag free shipping on orders of $35 or more. (Larger items may incur additional shipping fees.) A couple of best bets: Pyle 9" Quad-View Video Monitor for $55.54 (pictured, low by $22) Singer Esteem II 23-Stitch Sewing Machine for $82.46 (low by $8) Walmart Warehouse Clear-Out Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup ... Read more. Updated: 2 hr 47 min ago Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items qualify for free shipping. That's tied with our January mention and is the best sale we've seen from Burberry this season. Men's jackets start at $295, women's jackets at $395, women's boots at $140 $175, and men's shoes at $195. Burberry Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 2 days ago RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by a buck. It measures 4" x 3". Note: The countdown timer on the product page does not reflect an actual expiration time and resets daily. Also, this product ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. DIY TriFidget Spinner for $1 + free s&h from China RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price ... Read more. Updated: 11 hr 40 min ago Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, all orders bag free shipping. Versace Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 10 hr ago Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for a DVD pre-order of this feature-length movie. Further, this movie has not yet been released in theaters in North America, making it for a very unusual freebie. (It will be released in limited markets on June 30 and DVDs won't be released until July 4.) The movie features the voices of Drake Bell (Superhero Movie, "Drake and Josh"), YouTube star Justine "iJustine" Ezarik, and Jane Lynch (Glee). Deal ends June 28. Note: It's unclear if the download is in SD or HD. A Stork's Journey Digital Movie for free Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for ... Read more. Updated: 11 hr 17 min ago Udemy offers the Photoshop Beginners Mastery: Zero to Hero in Photoshop Course for $10. Coupon code "LEARN_PHOTOSHOP" makes it free. That's $20 off list, tied with our February mention, and the lowest price we could find. It includes 40 lectures. Photoshop Beginners Mastery Course for free Udemy offers the Photoshop Beginners Mastery: Zero to Hero in Photoshop Course for $10. Coupon code "LEARN_PHOTOSHOP" makes it free. ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks ago Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample to arrive in six to eight weeks. Nivea Men Creme Sample for free Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 10 hr ago Ebestshop4u via eBay offers this Blackhead Extractor 5-Piece Tool Set for $5.39 with free shipping. That's tied with our December mention and the lowest price we could find by $4, excluding other eBay vendors. The set includes five double-sided extractors and a carry case. Blackhead Extractor 5-Piece Tool Set for $5 + free shipping Ebestshop4u via eBay offers this Blackhead Extractor 5-Piece Tool Set for $5.39 with free shipping. That's tied with our December ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr 16 min ago Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Choose from a variety of dress shoes and loafers. Deal ends June 18. Allen Edmonds Father's Day Sale: Up to $150 off shoes + free shipping Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as ... Read more. Updated: 5 hr 8 min ago adidas via eBay offers its adidas Men's Speed Shorts in Black/Scarlet for $12.99 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by $17. They're available in select sizes from S to XXL. adidas Men's Speed Shorts for $13 + free shipping adidas via eBay offers its adidas Men's Speed Shorts in Black/Scarlet for $12.99 with free shipping. That's the lowest price ... Read more. Updated: 8 hr 41 min ago Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an additional 85-cent surcharge.) That's the lowest price we could find by $5. They're available in sizes 8 to 13. Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes from $13 + free shipping Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an ... Read more. Updated: 2 hr 18 min ago It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Sign up for our free newsletter to receive our daily deals roundups by email! T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to use their phone number on any compatible Internet-connected smartwatch, tablet, or computer. Customers can get another Digits line for an additional $10 per month via AutoPay. Up to five numbers per device and up to five devices per number are supported. A qualifying plan is required. T-Mobile announces T-Mobile Digits launch T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to ... Read more. Updated: 1 week ago Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.21 with free shipping. That's tied with our March mention and the lowest price we could find today by $2. It features six LEDs, 640x480 resolution, and 30 fps recording. Note: It ships from Malaysia so allow up to six weeks for delivery. 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4 + free s&h from Malaysia Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.21 with free shipping. That's tied with our ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 15 hr ago Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This drops the starting price of men's wallets to $52.50 $47.50, women's scarves to $97.50 $67.50, women's shoes to $82.50, and men's shoes to $97.50. Coach Summer Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This ... Read more. Updated: 3 days 15 hr ago Thomas Kinkade Galleries via eBay offers Thomas Kinkade's "The Women of DC" 18" x 27" Print for $64.95 with free shipping. That's $165 off and the lowest price we could find. It's printed on on 100-lb. paper, numbered, and includes a certificate of authenticity. Thomas Kinkade "The Women of DC" 18x27" Print for $65 + free shipping Thomas Kinkade Galleries via eBay offers Thomas Kinkade's "The Women of DC" 18" x 27" Print for $64.95 with free ... Read more. Updated: 8 hr 54 min ago Nordstrom continues to cut up to 40% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and home items as part of its Half-Yearly Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Some exclusions may apply. Sale ends June 4. Nordstrom Half-Yearly Sale: Up to 40% off + free shipping Nordstrom continues to cut up to 40% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and home items as part of ... Read more. Updated: 19 hr 23 min ago DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare at" price, and prices are as marked.) Choose in-store pickup to avoid the $7.95 shipping fee, or get free shipping on orders of $35 or more. Some exclusions may apply. Nike Shoes at DSW: 25% off + free shipping w/ $35 DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare ... Read more. Updated: 9 hr 12 min ago Sears takes up to 50% off select tools. Plus, select items qualify for up to 50% back in SYWR Points. Even better, select items earn an extra $10 in SYWR Points with orders of $50 or more. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge shipping charges, which start at around $4, or bag free shipping with many orders of $49 or more. (Larger items may incur additional fees or have a higher free shipping threshold.) Deal ends June 3. Tools at Sears: Up to 50% off + cash back + free shipping w/ $49 Sears takes up to 50% off select tools. Plus, select items qualify for up to 50% back in SYWR Points. ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr ago LightInTheBox offers this Wireless AirMouse Backlit Keyboard for $6.49 with free shipping. That's tied with our April mention and the lowest price we could find today by $5. It's compatible with Android or Windows devices. Uncheck "Add Shipping Insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 49-cent fee. Wireless AirMouse Backlit Keyboard for $6 + free shipping LightInTheBox offers this Wireless AirMouse Backlit Keyboard for $6.49 with free shipping. That's tied with our April mention and the ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 1 day ago Dr Hot Deal via eBay offers this Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $4.99 with free shipping. Outside of other eBay sellers, that's tied with our March mention and the lowest total price we could find by $2. Each mat measures 15.5" x 13" and is designed for use on low to medium heat. Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $5 + free shipping Dr Hot Deal via eBay offers this Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $4.99 with free shipping. Outside of other eBay ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks ago Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at around $9. Discounted items include monitors, speakers, and audio components. Warranty information is provided on select product pages. Refurb & Open-Box Monoprice Electronics: Up to 50% off Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at ... Read more. Updated: May 11, 2017 MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus / 6s Plus in several colors (Black/Red pictured) for $2.49 with free shipping. (Choose "Postal Service - No Tracking" during checkout. A 50-cent small order processing fee automatically applies.) That's the lowest price we could find by $3. The spinner is removable. Click here to see it in action. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add shipping insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 99-cent fee. Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 and iPhone 6 for $2 + free s&h from China MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 1 day ago LightInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker with LEDs in several colors (Green pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's a buck under the best price we could find for a similar one elsewhere. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add Shipping Insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 49-cent fee. Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker w/ LEDs for $4 + free s&h from China LightInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker with LEDs in several colors (Green pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 2 days ago Walmart offers the Hanes Men's Jersey Shorts with Pockets in Light Steel for $3.35. Choose in-store pickup to drop that to $3.10. (Amazon charges the same price with free shipping via Subscribe & Save.) That's tied with our mention from a month ago and the lowest price we could find now by $2. They come in select sizes from S to XL. Hanes Men's Jersey Shorts with Pockets for $3 + pickup at Walmart Walmart offers the Hanes Men's Jersey Shorts with Pockets in Light Steel for $3.35. Choose in-store pickup to drop that ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 7 hr ago Best Buy discounts a selection of movies on Blu-ray, DVD, and Digital HD, with deals starting from $2.99. Choose in-store pickup to dodge the $3.99 shipping fees, or bag free shipping on orders of $35 or more. Discounted titles include Les Miserables, Reality Bites, and Knocked Up. Blu-ray and DVD Movies at Best Buy from $3 + free shipping w/ $35 Best Buy discounts a selection of movies on Blu-ray, DVD, and Digital HD, with deals starting from $2.99. Choose in-store ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 6 days ago Dick's Sporting Goods takes up to $220 off a selection of boats and accessories. Shipping starts at $60 for most boats; otherwise, it starts at $5.99, but orders of $25 or more bag free shipping. A couple of best bets, each with $90 for shipping: Pelican Stinger 100X 10-Foot Kayak for $199.98 ($150 off) Emotion Wasatch 13-Foot Canoe for $299.98 (pictured, $100 off) Boats at Dick's Sporting Goods: Up to $220 off Dick's Sporting Goods takes up to $220 off a selection of boats and accessories. Shipping starts at $60 for most ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 17 hr ago More Deals × It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,260 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit About Advertise Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah ... × Join 354,260 happy subscribers and sign up for our free newsletter! You'll get: Tips and advice from our expert money reporters. (Our average experience is 18 years!) Unexpected ways to make more and spend less, delivered to you daily. The best deals and coupons to save on everything you buy. A free PDF stuffed full of 205 ways to save and a free money course valued at $34.95! Submit 122,569 12,180
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Gaming Image Source: imgur Leak reveals gold PS4 coming next week for $249 Jacob Siegal @JacobSiegal June 1st, 2017 at 10:02 PM Share Tweet Sony will launch a gold-colored PlayStation 4 next week, if two new leaks are to be believed. On Wednesday, Reddit user Sliye — who claims to work at Target — shared a photo of the gold PS4, saying that it appears in the store’s system and that it’s slated to launch on June 9th. This leak was backed up by another leak a few hours later, from a Walmart shopper who tried and failed to buy one. Don't Miss: 7 free iPhone games that just launched on the App Store this week Based on the images, the gold PS4 appears to be nothing more than a new color option for the slim PS4 model that launched last September. The packaging shows that the gold PS4 will feature 1TB of storage, but if the Walmart leak is legitimate, Sony might be bringing the price of its 1TB model down to $249. At the moment, the 500GB model costs $249 while the 1TB model costs $299. With Nintendo still riding the Switch wave and Microsoft preparing to unveil Project Scorpio at E3 2017, it would make sense for Sony to spruce up its own hardware lineup this summer. Sony has yet to actually confirm the existence of the gold PS4, but these leaks are really all the confirmation we need. Oh, and if that’s not enough, a listing for a gold DualShock 4 controller appeared on Best Buy’s website today. That’s either one heck of a coincidence, or Sony is on the verge of releasing a gold PS4. If you want to see what else Sony has in store for 2017, you can tune in for the live stream of the PlayStation E3 Media Showcase at 6 PM PT / 9 PM ET on Monday, June 12th. Tags: PlayStation 4, sony View Comments Trending 1 Tech Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 2 Tech How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones 3 Science Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now 4 Science Scientists just destroyed our dreams of a real Jurassic Park 5 Deals Amazon’s 15 best deals: Four different Bose wireless speakers, best-selling drone, Beats Solo3, more Picked For You This is looking more and more like the iPhone 8’s final design By Chris Smith 2 days ago Everything you need to know about T-Mobile’s summer deals By Chris Mills 11 hours ago Amazon’s 15 best deals: Four different Bose wireless speakers, best-selling drone, Beats Solo3, more By Maren Estrada 17 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News Amazon's $12b raid on Australian retail: Who'll feel the pain and why consumers won't gain (too much) Amazon's $12b raid on Australian retail: Who'll feel the pain and why consumers won't gain (too much) Print Share this story Amazon's $12b raid on Australian retail: Who'll feel the pain and why consumers won't gain (too much) Updated 2 June 2017, 11:40 AEST By business reporter Stephen Letts A retailer's "death star" or a consumer's new universe? For many retailers Amazon is akin to a "Death Star". (Credit: ABC licensed)  The monolithic online retailer Amazon — well known for devouring anything with a cash register in its path — is set to take a $12 billion bite out of Australia's retail pie within the next decade. That's the analysis from the big broking house Morgan Stanley, which has found Amazon's imminent arrival will have a "profound" impact. With an extraordinary 370 million items stacked on its digital shelves, it is difficult to imagine a retailer that wouldn't be affected when Amazon sets up shop in Australia. What sort of pressure will retailers be under? It won't be as totally crushing as existing at the bottom of the Mariana Trench, but it will be intense nonetheless. For many retailers Amazon is akin to a "Death Star". It has market capitalisation of $US460 billion ($630 billion) with investors still eager to buy its stock at $1,000 a share. It is now twice as large as Walmart, which not so long ago was the world's biggest retailer. By way of comparison, add the value of Australia's big listed retailers — Wesfarmers, Woolworths, JB Hi Fi, Myer and Super Cheap — together and their worth comes in at some loose change over $80 billion. Unlike Australian retailers, Amazon's global sales are booming, $US136 billion ($180 billion) annually, up 23 per cent year-on-year in its last quarterly filing. Currently Amazon hardly even notices its sales in Australia, just $1 billion worth of stuff purchased via its offshore websites. That's about to change. Largest Australian retailers Sales ($ billion) Woolworths supermarkets $34.8 billion Coles supermarkets $29.4 billion Bunnings $10.6 billion Aldi $6.7 billion Harvey Norman $5.3 billion Kmart $5.2 billion eBay $4.7 billion Big W $3.8 billion JB Hi-Fi $3.7 billion Target $3.5 billion Source: Company data, Morgan Stanley Research What does it plan to do here? While it is yet to unveil detailed plans since last month's announcement that it was on its way, the betting is Amazon will establish up to five distribution centres spread between Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane. To illustrate the power of Amazon's model, Morgan Stanley tallied up Amazon's sales per square metre with its costs and then compared them to Australia's big retailers. While its costs are marginally higher than the likes of Woolworths, Coles and JB Hi-FI, its sales efficiency is significantly higher. That's where the jaws open up for a big bite. As Morgan Stanley's Thomas Kierath says, "Amazon effectively is a pure play online department store that is super customer-focused and has a very long-term investment horizon, so it doesn't mind losing money in the build-out phase." So who will be hit hardest? On Morgan Stanley's calculations, department stores and perhaps oddly enough, that other big digital disruptor from the US, eBay, will be the most affected. Australia has more department stores per capita than anywhere else on earth — 807 all up, or one for every 30,000 residents. In the US it is one department store per 62,000 people and France — that great defender of small retailers — it is close to 800,000 people to every department store, although you wouldn't guess in the checkout queues. Australian department stores can't close, even when generating losses, because of the "must trade" clauses in their long-term leases, which leaves them pretty much as high-cost, sitting ducks. Department stores here are also heavily dependent on sales of apparel — more than a quarter of their sales are in clothes and footwear — which just happens to line up with one of Amazon's strengths. Company Estimated sales losses in FY2026 Estimated sales loss in percentage terms JB HiFi -$964 million -10pc Harvey Norman -$612 million -10pc Super Cheap Retail -$229 million -6pc Wesfarmers -$2707 million -4pc Woolworths -$916 million -2pc Myer -$547 million -15pc Source: Morgan Stanley estimates, company data In the US, department stores — like Walmart — accounted for 26 per cent of sales in 2005. That share fell to 11 per cent last year, and is forecast to be just 7 per cent by 2020. Not surprisingly, US department store profits have halved in the past decade. Mr Kierath said Wesfarmers' very successful Kmart chain has the most to lose by Amazon's arrival — being as profitable as all the others combined — and it sells a relatively narrow range of commodity products. In other words Amazon's bread and butter, and that is bad news for Wesfarmers. Mr Kierath says eBay, which generates sales of around $5 billion in Australia, and is arguably the nation's seventh-biggest retailer, is also in Amazon's path and likely to get squashed. Amazon operates a very big and growing marketplace business, where third parties list their products on its website. So eBay may get a dose of its own disruptive medicine. Who won't be too badly off? Probably a couple of well established "category killers" like JB Hi-Fi and Super Retail, as well as fresh food outlets, will cope the best. Retailers in Australia have generally been slow to embrace online sales. JB Hi-Fi is one of the few that breaks out online sales. It reported 3 per cent of its main brand's sales are online, while for its recently acquired Good Guys chain, it is closer to 5 per cent. And JB Hi-Fi is one of the few big retailers who really gives online a go. Despite its success, Kmart is considered weak online. It charges an additional $3 for "click and collect" sales, a charge that is sometimes more costly than the item for sale. According to Morgan Stanley, Super Retail and JB Hi-FI are already well organised, competitively priced and reasonably placed to defend their ground. In the US, similar "category killers" like Best Buys and Dick's Sports Goods have managed if to, if not thrive, then at least survive with Amazon. Fresh food retailers are probably best placed to continue to grow in Amazon's New Retail Order for a number of reasons according to Morgan Stanley: The cost of picking and delivering food is far higher than for non-food. Local scale is more important than global scale for food retailers The fastest-growing category in food is fresh, which is perishable Nonetheless, Mr Kierath says Amazon is still capable of gobbling up around 5 per cent of the fresh food market. What will the impact be on prices? Believe it or not, the price gap between the US and Australia has narrowed in recent years according to Morgan Stanley's survey. "Comparing the price of the same product across eight categories in both the US and Australia since 2011, and in seven out of the eight categories, the price gap has closed significantly," Morgan Stanley said. JB Hi-Fi's average price for a group of consumer electronics products is just 11 per cent higher than the price for the same group in the US — as offered by Amazon.com, strawberrynet and other US company websites — compared to the 26 per cent premium in 2011. Still, there is a considerable value gap in many products. Product US: Amazon US: Best Buy Aust: JB HiFi Aust: Kogan Aust average price Difference between Aust average & Amazon HDMI cable Amazon brand 6ft $US7.09 Insignia 6ft $US14.99 Soniq 2.4m $14.99 $US45 Kogan 3m $25 $US19 $US32 -78pc In-ear headphones Amazon Basics $US7.09 Koss $US6.99 Flea Market $13.96 Kogan $9 $US9 -8pc Go-pro head strap Amazon Basics $US7.46 Insignia $US9.99 KB $29 Kogan $19 $US18 -59pc Bluetooth speaker Amazon Basics $US19.99 Insignia $US29.99 Flea Market $41.96 sold out $US32 -37pc Bluetooth key board Amazon Basics $US23.99 Logitech $US26.99 Logitech $26.99 Logitech $49 $US45 -46pc Source: Morgan Stanley This doesn't mean Australian retailers have been happily gouging away in the absence of competition from the likes of Amazon. Australian retailers simply are sold goods at a higher price than their US counterparts. "We examined the Australian accounts for five global retailers and found that 15 to 35 per cent of Australian consumer electronics suppliers sales are Australian dollar incurred costs," Mr Kierath said. 'Though Amazon is known for its very long-term investment horizons and competitive retail offer, we believe that it will compete on range and delivery, rather than price." There are pros and cons in Australia, even for company with its eyes on global domination. Pros: High disposable income High internet/smartphone penetration Population concentration, three cities have half the population A relatively underdeveloped online retail market. Cons: Distribution costs are likely to be far higher than in many international markets, given relatively low population densities and higher labour costs So will consumers reap all the benefits? Not likely, according to Morgan Stanley. Judging by experiences in other markets, Amazon is likely to have very defined roll-out plan for its products. Physical media, such as books, music and Kindle readers will be first, along with electronics, then apparel. Categories that are likely to take far longer are dry goods, fresh food, and auto parts, given the higher start-up and distribution costs. The other key insight from Amazon's global roll-out is products will be sold at premium to US prices — although, that's generally standard operating procedure for all foreign retailers in Australia. "We believe that Amazon won't rebase prices in Australia — based on our analysis, Australian retail prices aren't all that much higher than those in other developed markets," Morgan Stanley said. "Australian retail prices have reduced considerably in recent years and are now only at slight premiums to the US, so we don't see Amazon compressing Australian prices. "The impact on retailers will be more of share loss and ensuing operating deleverage as consumers prefer the ease of ordering on Amazon with one-or-two-day delivery offered for free under Amazon Prime." In short, local retailers will see their margins crunched and market share devoured, while their employees are generally the first to suffer when the battleground is overheads. Consumers may see a modest benefit in terms of price and range, but that's about it. Topics: Australia Company News Retail Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories Donald Trump announces US withdrawing from Paris climate deal Manila attack: At least 36 bodies found at Resorts World entertainment complex, local media says Donald Trump administration asks US Supreme Court to revive travel ban Donald Trump signs order keeping US embassy in Tel Aviv, delaying potential Jerusalem move Malcolm Turnbull in Singapore: From orchid diplomacy to global flashpoints Donald Trump's Paris Agreement withdrawal will not stop United States' carbon reduction Teenage girl steals machete, hacks Uber driver to death in Chicago, court hears More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2015 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility
Hot Topics: Sentencing in cyclist death Boulder shooting affidavit Shooting victim remembered CU cop accused of stalking Chris Weidner News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Girl, 16, accused of hacking to death Uber driver, former CU Boulder student Associated Press Posted:   06/01/2017 06:02:58 PM MDT Updated:   06/01/2017 07:37:41 PM MDT Grant Nelson (Facebook) LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. — A 16-year-old girl walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she'd stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at the driver, prosecutors said at a hearing on Wednesday. The driver died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker that led to her arrest. A prosecutor read in court a description of the attack that said Eliza Wasni simply climbed into a car driven by 34-year-old Grant Nelson — who attended the University of Colorado in Boulder, according to the Chicago Tribune — and stabbed him and hacked him to death early Tuesday morning. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, held without bond. The two-page description offers no reason for the attack, but portrays Wasni as a calm girl who "nonchalantly" could be seen walking through Walmart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. Prosecutors said that Nelson, a resident of Wilmette, picked the girl up shortly after 3 a.m. Tuesday in Lincolnwood. It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said that Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, "Help me, help me! I'm going to die!" until residents called 911. Advertisement Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. When Lincolnwood police arrived, they found the vehicle with blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson's phone open to the Uber app. The app said that Nelson's passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found her nearby crouching behind an air conditioner — a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply, an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners," Uber said in a statement. "Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Nelson's sister, Alex Nelson, told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. "He was not a vindictive person," Alex Nelson said. "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Colorado gas producers finish state-ordered pipeline inspections in wake of Firestone home explosion Boulder-area scientists worry about impact of Trump pulling U.S. from Paris climate accord Downtown Superior development looks to feed housing-starved county   BOCOPREPS (Jeremy Papasso/Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Girls golf: Holy Family's Hailey Schalk named BoCoPreps.com golfer of the year Holy Family freshman won every tournament she entered in 2017 Becoming the first freshman to win an individual state title since 2002, her first season of high school golf couldn't have gone much better for Holy Family freshman Hailey Schalk. Full Story Boys swimming: Zarian repeats as BoCo Swimmer of the Year Alumni corner: Sdao enjoying success with Colorado Eagles Bolder Boulder 2017: Peak to Peak cross country team honors Brandon Ries Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE (Paul Aiken / Staff Photographer) SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Gasoline Lollipops The Boulder alt-country band gives its EPs names such as Death and Resurrection, and its songs bear the mark of hard truths and sin. But the punk energy behind the playing, and the sense that it's all in good fun, make it OK to dance to a song like "Death." Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News Teenage girl steals machete, hacks Uber driver to death in Chicago, court hears Teenage girl steals machete, hacks Uber driver to death in Chicago, court hears Print Share this story Teenage girl steals machete, hacks Uber driver to death in Chicago, court hears Updated 2 June 2017, 11:35 AEST A 16-year-old girl stole a machete and a knife from a Walmart before climbing into an Uber car and hacking into the driver who later died, a Chicago court hears. The school girl has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder. (Credit: ABC)  A 16-year-old girl stole a machete and a knife from a Walmart before climbing into an Uber car and hacking into the driver who later died, a Chicago court has heard. The driver died of his wounds after giving police a description of the attacker, leading to her arrest. A prosecutor read out an account of the attack, saying Eliza Wasni climbed into a car driven by 34-year-old Grant Nelson and attacked him with the knife and machete. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, to be held without bond. The two-page description offered no reason for the attack, but portrayed Wasni as a calm girl who "nonchalantly" could be seen walking through Walmart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. Assistant public defender David McMahon said Wasni had no previous criminal record, attended high school and lived with her mother. Prosecutors said Nelson, a resident of Wilmette in Illinois, picked the girl up shortly after 3am on Tuesday (local time). It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Photo: Uber driver Grant Nelson (L) pictured with his family. His sister Alex posted the photo on Facebook following his death. (Facebook: Alex Nelson) Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, "Help me, help me! I'm going to die!" until residents called emergency services. Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median strip in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. Police follow trail of blood to victim When police arrived, they found the vehicle with blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson's phone open to the Uber app. The app said Nelson's passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found Wasni nearby crouching behind an air conditioner with a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. External Link: Grant Nelson and Alex Nelson as children According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners," Uber said in a statement. "Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Nelson's sister, Alex Nelson, told local media her brother was a good person. "He was not a vindictive person," Alex Nelson said. "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." AP Topics: Murder and Manslaughter United States Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories Donald Trump announces US withdrawing from Paris climate deal Manila attack: At least 36 bodies found at Resorts World entertainment complex, local media says Donald Trump administration asks US Supreme Court to revive travel ban Donald Trump signs order keeping US embassy in Tel Aviv, delaying potential Jerusalem move Malcolm Turnbull in Singapore: From orchid diplomacy to global flashpoints Donald Trump's Paris Agreement withdrawal will not stop United States' carbon reduction Teenage girl steals machete, hacks Uber driver to death in Chicago, court hears More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2015 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility
About Us Newsletter Advertising Subscribe Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Fleet Owner Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close News Equipment Fleet Management Running Green Safety Technology Truck Stats FleetSeek Resource Centers Driver Management HD Pickup & Van Maintenance Powertrain Regulation Advertisement Home > Fleet Management > Walmart using associates to make home deliveries Walmart using associates to make home deliveries Testing of voluntary program taking place at three stores. Jun 1, 2017 Fleet Owner Staff | Fleet Owner EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 A Walmart associate loads a package for delivery into her car at the end of her shift (Photo: Walmart Stores) Related Media Green Fleet of the Year: Walmart Wal-Mart seeking greater freight control E-commerce: Is it truly good for trucking? Walmart Stores said it is testing the use of company associates to deliver online orders to customers’ homes. “Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business,” Marc Love, president and CEO of Walmart’s e-commerce division in the United States, wrote in a June 1 blog post announcing the move. Popular Now How freight is priced and paid for is changing fast Report: Driverless trucks will eliminate millions of jobs Pennsylvania Turnpike joins Drivewyze driver safety program The test is beginning at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Last year, Walmart purchased online retailer Jet.com for $3.3 billion last year to fight off online retail competition from Amazon.com and others. Walmart trucks already move orders to stores from fulfillment centers, and can transport ship-to-home orders to a store close to the final destination, Love said. At that point, an associate can make the home delivery. He added this idea can provide associates a way to earn extra income on their drives home, if they choose to participate. Walmart said 90% of the U.S. population lives within 10 miles of a store, making it easy to match an associate’s commute with a delivery order. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Cory Home Delivery partners with Penske, Demountable Concepts Cory Home Delivery adds clients, expands facilities 10 Case Study: Cory Home Delivery Not Home Delivery, but Parked Car Delivery Symbol, Descartes join in home-delivery project Advertisement Current Issue Passing Inspections Alt Fuels: Alive and well Battling Fatigue CURRENT ISSUE  / ARCHIVE FREE INFORMATION FROM OUR ADVERTISERS   Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook RSS Resource Centers Hungry for more? Visit our Resource Centers for more! Advertisement FleetOwner.com News Equipment Fleet Management Fuel Regulations Running Green Safety Technology Truck Stats Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Fleet Owner Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook RSS Search FleetOwner.com Search: FleetOwner Magazine FleetOwner Related Sites American Trucker FleetSeek Trailer-Body Builders Bulk Transporter Refrigerated Transporter WardsAuto American Trucker Equipment Search Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Take Dollar General Offers Great Bang for the Buck The retailer’s strong quarterly results are propelling shares higher. Why investors are still getting a good deal. By Teresa Rivas Biography June 1, 2017 4:38 p.m. ET Dollar General’s products can be bought on the cheap, so too can the discount retailer’s stock. Thursday morning, Dollar General (ticker: DG) reported better-than-expected first-quarter earnings: The discount retailer said it earned $1.03 a share on revenue that rose 6.5% year over year to $5.61 billion. Analysts were looking for earnings of one dollar (no kidding) a share on revenue of $5.59 billion. Dollar General now... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Just a Dream: Dow Jumps 135 Points, S&P Hits New High Because It Can Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. See No Evil, Hear No Evil: Dow Gains 115 Points as Sellers Go on Strike Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. AMD, Intel, Nvidia Debuts at Computex Impress Canaccord Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Undervalued Goodyear Stock Could Double Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Broadcom Rising on FYQ2 Beat, Higher Q3 View Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Should You Buy Bitcoin? 2 Barron's Bounce: Ford, International Paper, Foot Locker 3 Barron's Buzz: New Man at the Wheel at Ford Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds 76° Full Menu 76° Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Bicentennial Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us Business June 01, 2017 4:37 PM Business Highlights The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story ___ World leaders reaffirm commitment to fighting climate change BERLIN (AP) — World leaders are pledging to keep up the fight against global warming as U.S. President Donald Trump announces he is pulling out of the Paris climate accord. The European Union's top climate change official says Trump's decision to leave the Paris accord made it "a sad day for the global community." ___ Despite Trump, cleaner energy growth expected to carry on WASHINGTON (AP) — The push to use cleaner forms of energy is unlikely to slow down, even after President Donald Trump says he'll abandon U.S. pledges to reduce carbon emissions that contribute to global warming. Around the world, coal-fired power plants are being shuttered as governments and private companies invest billions in wind turbines and solar farms. ___ US job market looks solid 8 years after recession ended WASHINGTON (AP) — Exactly eight years after the Great Recession ended, the U.S. job market has settled into a sweet spot of steadily solid growth. On Friday, when the government releases the jobs report for May, the pattern is likely to extend itself. ___ Investors pick Tesla's promise over GM's steady profits DETROIT (AP) — Tesla and General Motors have a budding rivalry that could help determine whether Detroit or Silicon Valley sets the course for the future of the auto industry. Right now Wall Street is favoring the upstart led by flamboyant Elon Musk to the established icon headed by the more restrained Mary Barra. ___ US auto sales fall for fifth straight month in May DETROIT (AP) — U.S. auto sales fell for the fifth straight month in May, bolstering expectations for the first annual sales decline since 2009. Some industry analysts lowered predictions for the year as General Motors, Fiat Chrysler, Hyundai and Toyota reported May decreases compared with a year ago. ___ Fund investing is cheaper than ever, and it's because of you NEW YORK (AP) — Investors paid lower expenses last year than ever before for their mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, and all the credit goes to investors themselves. Investors are plowing their money into the cheapest funds, which puts pressure on the rest of the industry to cut their own expenses or risk losing even more dollars. ___ Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart says it's testing a delivery service using its own store associates, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. It's the retailer's latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon. ___ Trump's cellphone use worries security experts WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump, who blasted Hillary Clinton for using a personal email server, might be a walking magnet for eavesdropping and malware if he's using an unsecured cellphone to chat with foreign leaders. Trump has been handing out his cellphone number to counterparts around the world, urging them to call him directly to avoid the red tape of diplomatic communications. In today's world of cyber espionage, cellphone security experts say such a policy is not only unorthodox, but dangerous. ___ AP Interview: France warns of risk of war in cyberspace PARIS (AP) — A French cybersecurity official warns there could be a "permanent war" between states and criminal or extremist groups because of hacking attacks. The head of the French government's cybersecurity agency, Guillaume Poupard, tells the Associated Press that a "nightmare scenario" would be "chaos" in which "everyone will attack each other, without really knowing who did what." Last month, the head of the U.S. National Security Agency told senators that cyber war is "real and here to stay." ___ US stocks back at record highs after better jobs data NEW YORK (AP) — A broad push higher for stocks sent indexes to records on Thursday following yet more signs that the job market continues to improve. ___ Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left HONG KONG (AP) — Uber posted a $708 million loss in the most recent quarter and said its head of finance is leaving, the latest executive to depart. It's been a rough year for the San Francisco company. It lost its head of communications, president and other senior executives in recent months as it faces allegations of sexism and sexual harassment in the workplace. ___ The Standard & Poor's 500 index ended at 2,430.06, up 18.26 points, or 0.8 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 135.53, or 0.6 percent, to 21,144.18, and the Nasdaq composite rose 48.31, or 0.8 percent, to 6,246.83. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 4 cents to settle at $48.36 per barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 13 cents to settle at $50.63 a barrel. Natural gas fell 6 cents to settle at $3.01 per 1,000 cubic feet, heating oil slipped 2 cents to $1.50 per gallon and wholesale gasoline was close to flat at $1.60 per gallon. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 8 days ago New Gulfport casino will be smoke-free 1:13 8 days ago New Gulfport casino will be smoke-free 1:37 16 days ago Here's how a new look goes together at Style Encore 3:37 a month ago Panelists recall the early days of Coast gaming View More Video Business European leaders: climate change deal can't be renegotiated $200,000 budget shortfall troubles Vermont outreach team 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire Cause of Wisconsin corn mill blast unclear; 1 worker missing Coastal disappointment, inland joy at Trump climate move Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Shopping Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
BET Trending Video Home Shows BET Awards 2017 | Performers BET Awards Woody McClain Has a Way With Photos Tales The Evolution of Gucci Mane's Glow Up BET Experience See All Shows BET AWARDS BET EXPERIENCE BREAKS TALES See All Shows Full Episodes TV Schedule Music 'All Eyez on Me': The Tupac Biopic I Talked To Rate the Bars with Remy Ma See All Music All Eyez on Me BEYONCE DRAKE RATE THE BARS BET Experience See All Music Celebs 19 Eggplants That Broke the Internet Look: TV Salaries Leaked and Black Actors Are Being Screwed How EJ Johnson Plans to Create His Own Legacy See All Celebs JENNIFER HUDSON KEVIN HART KIM KARDASHIAN See All Celebs Lifestyle We Spoke to the Woman Whose Trump-Supporting Boyfriend's Racist Rant Went Viral See North West's Adorable Disney Attire for KimYe's Anniversary Outing Down In The DMs: Sevyn Streeter Wants You To Stop Sending D**k Pics See All Lifestyle STYLE BEAUTY HEALTH AND WELLNESS RELATIONSHIPS ACHIEVEMENT HOW TO ROCK See All Lifestyle News How Do We Explain Trump's Win to Our Kids? Op-Ed: Trump’s Election Was a Total Dick Move 'This is Our Nation, Now Get the F**k Out': Not the First Time America's Witnessed Hate, Not the Last See All News NATIONAL SPORTS VIDEO NEWS BET VOTE See All News Full Episodes TV Schedule BET Awards Preview BET's New Shows BET Experience Watch Full Episodes Follow us facebook twitter instagram pinterest youTube Subscribe to our Newsletter Submit ALL VIDEOS ALL PHOTOS BET AWARDS BET JAMS BET EXPERIENCE BET Experience 2017! BET SMH: Walmart's Insurance Company Is Clapping Back at Tracy Morgan Over Car Crash Settlement Share facebook twitter whatsapp tumblr pinterest email BET AWARDS New Shows BET EXPERIENCE SMH: Walmart's Insurance Company Is Clapping Back at Tracy Morgan Over Car Crash Settlement The superstore insurer is demanding the comedian turn over his medical records. Published 3 hours ago The battle is not yet over between Tracy Morgan and Walmart as the superstore's insurance company is reportedly demanding that the comedian be grilled under oath regarding his alleged $90 million settlement stemming from the car crash that almost took his life back in 2014. According to the Daily Mail, though Walmart reached a deal with the former 30 Rock star a year after the incident, the company's insurer blasted the hasty settlement and stated that the superstore paid out the large amount without deposing neither Morgan nor others involved in the lawsuit. The site reports that lawyers for the insurance company, Ohio Casualty, are requesting that deposition dates be set up for Morgan and his friend Ardley Fuqua, who was a passenger in the car at the time of the accident. Through this process, Ohio Casualty is trying to force Morgan and Fuqua to submit settlement documents, medical records and other information related to the comedian's source of income. In addition to these, they are also requesting that all medical records from the accident, in general, Morgan's federal and state tax returns from 2009-2014, financial records regarding his earnings for the five years leading up to the accident and documents highlighting his future earning potential be handed over. That's not all. The company is also demanding that a list of medications he was prescribed after the crash, records of physical or mental examinations and documentation relating to his most recent appearances on Saturday Night Live and The Emmys be submitted. To back up their calls for a deposition, Ohio Casualty says this process is necessary and relevant as Morgan and Fuqua have received 92 percent of the hefty settlement paid out to the comedian's original lawsuit against the retail giant. Get that latest on another A-list comedian in the BET Breaks video, above. Written by John Justice (Photo: Ray Tamarra/GC Images) COMMENTS Get More! Tracy Morgan Celebrity News Get Your celebs Fix Follow us facebook twitter instagram pinterest youtube Subscribe to our Newsletter Submit TRENDING IN CELEBS Report: The ‘L&HH’ Reunion Show Will Finally Reveal the True Story Behind Kirk Frost and Jasmine Washington’s Alleged Baby Stevie J’s Daughter Has a Message for Her Dad and Joseline [Exclusive] Watch Reginae Carter Nearly Lose It When Someone Mentions Her Father's Black Lives Matter Comments SEE ALL TRENDING Recommended 19 Eggplants That Broke the Internet Iman Shumpert, Drake, Breezy and more. Feb. 10th Share facebook twitter Google+ pinterest tumblr whatsapp email Look: TV Salaries Leaked and Black Actors Are Being Screwed It takes three Anthony Andersons to equal one Tim Allen. Oct. 6th Share facebook twitter Google+ pinterest tumblr whatsapp email How EJ Johnson Plans to Create His Own Legacy The reality star and fashion maven is forging his own path and creating his own legacy. Sep. 7th Share facebook twitter Google+ pinterest tumblr whatsapp email Latest in celebs + Load more Get Your celebs Fix Follow us facebook twitter instagram pinterest youtube Subscribe to our Newsletter Submit Privacy Policy/Privacy Rights [Updated 3/14/2017] Terms of Use [Updated 3/14/2017] Jobs Closed Captioning Submission Agreement Copyright Contact Us Ad Choices © 2017 BET Interactive, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Business Virtual Reality Culture Walmart is training employees with a Black Friday VR simulator New, 6 comments by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy Jun 1, 2017, 5:17pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Walmart’s 200 “Walmart Academy” training centers are all planning to incorporate virtual reality by the end of 2017, after an earlier pilot program. The limited curriculum is being produced by Strivr, a company previously known for helping NFL players train through VR. New Walmart employees will put on an Oculus Rift headset and enter different real-world scenarios, during which they’ll be asked to make simple choices based on what they see. Eventually, Strivr and Walmart hope to expand the program to all stores, not just the academies. Training simulators have been part of VR since the very beginning, but they’re more frequently associated with industrial labor or military training than with service work. The goal here, says Strivr CEO Derek Belch, is to put employees in scenarios that would be inconvenient to physically re-create — like dealing with spills, or preparing for a Black Friday shopping spree. “We literally know exactly where someone’s looking.” “We’re using computer vision to map scenes, so we literally know exactly where someone's looking,” says Belch. “If they don't look at [the right place] and press the button indicating that they have seen the stimuli that we're looking for, we know.” Wearers might look around an environment and find the spill, for example, then answer a multiple-choice question about what effect it could have on the store. One of the biggest problems for Strivr and Walmart is that high-end VR headsets like the Oculus Rift are expensive and space-consuming. That’s why, for now, only one person will go through the training at a time, while other people watch on a flat screen. Everybody will eventually get to spend time in VR, but only over the course of their two-week training period, with each session lasting between 5 and 20 minutes. “In a perfect world, everybody has a VR headset,” says Belch. “VR is not there yet. Even the mobile devices, there's a lot of challenges in getting that much hardware out into people's hands at scale.” So for now, VR is a small, supplemental part of Walmart training. But Belch thinks that we’ll see it expand rapidly. “This is something that we have talked openly with [Walmart] about, that very well could be at every Walmart store in a couple years,” he says. “You could imagine this area where there's a room in the back and there are three mobile headsets hanging on the wall, and employees have to go through continuing education every month, going through VR modules.” That’s right: if you work for Walmart, maybe soon you can enjoy Black Friday every month. Next Up In Culture Nintendo’s online Switch service will launch in 2018 and cost $20 a year Google plans to clean up the web with Chrome ad blocker next year Studio Ghibli is building a theme park based on My Neighbor Totoro Netflix cancels Sense8 after two seasons Niantic earns up to 50 cents per visit to sponsored Pokémon Go stops 39 science fiction, fantasy, and horror books to read this June Now Trending Google plans to clean up the web with Chrome ad blocker next year Netflix cancels Sense8 after two seasons The fans got it right Three US states rebel against Trump's Paris climate agreement withdrawal California, New York, and Washington Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Snapchat Spectacles are now available in Europe by Ashley Carman Alphabet’s Waymo begins testing self-driving trucks by Rich McCormick Nintendo’s online Switch service will launch in 2018 and cost $20 a year by Rich McCormick 17 comments / new Trump used misleading job stats to justify pulling out of Paris climate agreement by Rachel Becker 7 comments / new Andy Rubin’s Essential is looking into smart glasses with built-in camera by Nick Statt 2 comments / new Google plans to clean up the web with Chrome ad blocker next year by Jacob Kastrenakes 28 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live One World Trade Center to be lit green in support of the Paris Accord NYC skyline with 1 WTC lit green in support of Paris Accord Live look of the George Washington Bridge in NYC EarthTV hosts 30-day live look of global cities observing Ramadan Kittens nap and play on ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Live look at the beach surf in Cape May, NJ Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Atlantic coast from Gloucester, Mass from the Blue Shutters Beachside Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Business Highlights By the associated press Jun 1, 2017, 5:36 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email ___ World leaders reaffirm commitment to fighting climate change BERLIN (AP) — World leaders are pledging to keep up the fight against global warming as U.S. President Donald Trump announces he is pulling out of the Paris climate accord. The European Union's top climate change official says Trump's decision to leave the Paris accord made it "a sad day for the global community." ——— Despite Trump, cleaner energy growth expected to carry on WASHINGTON (AP) — The push to use cleaner forms of energy is unlikely to slow down, even after President Donald Trump says he'll abandon U.S. pledges to reduce carbon emissions that contribute to global warming. Around the world, coal-fired power plants are being shuttered as governments and private companies invest billions in wind turbines and solar farms. ——— US job market looks solid 8 years after recession ended WASHINGTON (AP) — Exactly eight years after the Great Recession ended, the U.S. job market has settled into a sweet spot of steadily solid growth. On Friday, when the government releases the jobs report for May, the pattern is likely to extend itself. ——— Investors pick Tesla's promise over GM's steady profits DETROIT (AP) — Tesla and General Motors have a budding rivalry that could help determine whether Detroit or Silicon Valley sets the course for the future of the auto industry. Right now Wall Street is favoring the upstart led by flamboyant Elon Musk to the established icon headed by the more restrained Mary Barra. ——— US auto sales fall for fifth straight month in May DETROIT (AP) — U.S. auto sales fell for the fifth straight month in May, bolstering expectations for the first annual sales decline since 2009. Some industry analysts lowered predictions for the year as General Motors, Fiat Chrysler, Hyundai and Toyota reported May decreases compared with a year ago. ——— Fund investing is cheaper than ever, and it's because of you NEW YORK (AP) — Investors paid lower expenses last year than ever before for their mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, and all the credit goes to investors themselves. Investors are plowing their money into the cheapest funds, which puts pressure on the rest of the industry to cut their own expenses or risk losing even more dollars. ——— Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart says it's testing a delivery service using its own store associates, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. It's the retailer's latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon. ——— Trump's cellphone use worries security experts WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump, who blasted Hillary Clinton for using a personal email server, might be a walking magnet for eavesdropping and malware if he's using an unsecured cellphone to chat with foreign leaders. Trump has been handing out his cellphone number to counterparts around the world, urging them to call him directly to avoid the red tape of diplomatic communications. In today's world of cyber espionage, cellphone security experts say such a policy is not only unorthodox, but dangerous. ——— AP Interview: France warns of risk of war in cyberspace PARIS (AP) — A French cybersecurity official warns there could be a "permanent war" between states and criminal or extremist groups because of hacking attacks. The head of the French government's cybersecurity agency, Guillaume Poupard, tells the Associated Press that a "nightmare scenario" would be "chaos" in which "everyone will attack each other, without really knowing who did what." Last month, the head of the U.S. National Security Agency told senators that cyber war is "real and here to stay." ——— US stocks back at record highs after better jobs data NEW YORK (AP) — A broad push higher for stocks sent indexes to records on Thursday following yet more signs that the job market continues to improve. ——— Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left HONG KONG (AP) — Uber posted a $708 million loss in the most recent quarter and said its head of finance is leaving, the latest executive to depart. It's been a rough year for the San Francisco company. It lost its head of communications, president and other senior executives in recent months as it faces allegations of sexism and sexual harassment in the workplace. ——— The Standard & Poor's 500 index ended at 2,430.06, up 18.26 points, or 0.8 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 135.53, or 0.6 percent, to 21,144.18, and the Nasdaq composite rose 48.31, or 0.8 percent, to 6,246.83. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 4 cents to settle at $48.36 per barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 13 cents to settle at $50.63 a barrel. Natural gas fell 6 cents to settle at $3.01 per 1,000 cubic feet, heating oil slipped 2 cents to $1.50 per gallon and wholesale gasoline was close to flat at $1.60 per gallon. 0 Shares Email Star Comments Business Highlights " Trump withdrawing US from Paris Climate Agreement but open to returning " Trump planning to reverse Cuba policy, sources say " Senators asked FBI to investigate Sessions for perjury " Former FBI Director James Comey to testify before Congress June 8 " Russian banker brushes off questions about meeting with Jared Kushner " Gun owners fear regulation from unlikely place: Hearing aids " Duterte slams Chelsea Clinton again for criticizing rape comment " Woman in custody after throwing son, 2, down subway stairs " Student's pizza essay helps her get into Yale " Students raise $11,000 to help teacher battling cancer fulfill her bucket list " Mom organizes trooper dance honoring daughter who died of rare cancer " JetBlue testing facial-recognition boarding system " Experts warn parents about recent uptick in youth baseball injuries " Gator captured in Florida swimming pool " Boy with cancer gets surprise party from friends at school " Chris Cornell's wife has 'several unanswered questions' about his death " Smithsonian says noose found is a reminder of 'America's dark history with lynching' " Trump's tweets 'not helping' popularity, confidant says " Philly councilman 'expected to fully heal' after being stabbed near his home " Up-close look of the ceiling at the Painted Hall in London " Chinese maker of Ivanka Trump shoes denies labor violations " 2 Republican US senators slam Egypt's NGO law as 'draconian' " Russia envoy says Moscow will respond to NATO buildup " In Iraq, IS seals off area around symbolic mosque in Mosul " Who is Sergey Gorkov, the Russian banker who met with Jared Kushner " What we know - and don't know - about Jared Kushner's Russia contacts " Reactions swift after Trump's withdrawal from Paris Climate Accord " Obama: Trump joins 'handful of nations that reject the future' " Business leaders react to Trump's Paris accord decision " Ariana Grande benefit concert sells out in 6 minutes " 'Sgt. Pepper' celebrates its 50th anniversary today " Milling plant explosion kills 2 in Wisconsin " High hopes in coal country with Trump’s climate change policy " Chloë Grace Moretz slams own movie's ad campaign " Reynolds, Fisher collectibles up for auction, home for sale " What Gwyneth Paltrow really eats " After setbacks, Alaska space business again has high hopes
lehighvalleylive.com Menu Home News open Local open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Place an Ad Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Obituaries Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Opinion Photos/Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Education Business Traffic Elections The Express-Times Newsletter More Back to Main Menu Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Nazareth Slate Belt Northampton County Lehigh County Warren County Back to Main Menu High School Eagles Giants Phillies More Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys lacrosse Girls lacrosse Boys track and field Girls track and field Boys tennis Boys volleyball Offseason sports open Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys basketball Girls basketball Boys swimming Girls swimming Boys soccer Girls soccer Field hockey Girls volleyball Boys cross country Girls cross country Girls tennis Boys golf Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Events open Puzzles Comics More Entertainment Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Submit an event Back to Main Menu Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Express-Times Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search lehighvalleylive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to lehighvalleylive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Express-Times Bethlehem Area News Homeless man stole flatscreen TVs 3 times from Wal-Mart, cops say Updated on June 1, 2017 at 8:19 PM Posted on June 1, 2017 at 5:28 PM 12 Gallery: Lehigh Valley Week in Crime: Sunday, May 21, 2017 to Saturday, May 27, 2017 By Pamela Sroka-Holzmann pholzmann@lehighvalleylive.com, For lehighvalleylive.com A homeless man is being charged with felony theft after allegedly stealing flatscreen televisions in three separate incidents from a Bethlehem Township Wal-Mart store. Courtesy photo  Charged is Abdus Abdullah Muhammad, 31, no permanent address. Township police said Muhammad entered the Wal-Mart, 3926 Nazareth Pike, and stole the televisions on April 18, May 24 and this past Sunday. During each theft, Muhammad loaded a shopping cart and walked out of the store without paying, police said. He stole an LG television valued at $498 on April 18; a Samsung television valued at $418 on May 24 and two Samsung televisions, totaling $1,176, this past Sunday, court records indicate. Investigators familiar with Muhammad said they reviewed store surveillance footage and tied him to the crime. Muhammad in a phone interview with police allegedly admitted to stealing the televisions, saying he needed to fuel a drug addiction. 31 parked cars had tires slashed in Bangor, cops say Muhammad later came to the police station and surrendered. Muhammad was arraigned Wednesday before District Judge Richard Yetter III, who set bail at $15,000. In lieu of bail he was taken to Northampton County Prison, where he remained Thursday. Pamela Sroka-Holzmann may be reached at pholzmann@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow her on Twitter @pamholzmann. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook. View Comments About Us About lehighvalleylive.com Jobs at lehighvalleylive.com Contact Us Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Subscribe to The Express-Times lehighvalleylive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Lehigh County Warren County Nazareth Slate Belt Hunterdon County Northampton County Upper Bucks Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on lehighvalleylive.com Photos Interact with us Weather Sitemap & search Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Follow Us iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 PennLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PennLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Sheriff's officials ID men killed, wounded in Walmart shooting Wednesday Thursday Jun 1, 2017 at 2:34 PM Jun 1, 2017 at 5:31 PM Paola Baker Staff Writer @DP_PaolaBaker HESPERIA — Authorities released more details on the fatal officer-involved shooting in the Walmart Supercenter parking lot Wednesday morning, including the identities of the suspects involved. James Gleason, 24, of Phelan, was shot and killed by two officers assigned to the San Bernardino County Auto Theft Task Force (SANCATT) in the parking lot of the Walmart, 13401 Main Street, just after 8 a.m. Wednesday. Alexander Robert Herd, 31, of Phelan, was struck and wounded by the officers’ gunfire during the shooting. Gleason, Herd and a third Phelan man, identified as Austin Banuelos, 22, were reportedly attempting to steal a vehicle from the parking lot when the officers first approached them. The shooting occurred after an officer was nearly struck by the suspects’ vehicle, San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department spokeswoman Cindy Bachman said. The officers were conducting a separate stolen vehicle investigation in the parking lot of the Walmart early Wednesday morning when they first noticed the group. Bachman said the team used their unmarked vehicles to block in the suspects and prevent them from driving away. “The suspect driver accelerated, nearly striking one of the officers, and an officer-involved shooting occurred,” Bachman said. The vehicle, a dark green Honda, continued accelerating until it crashed into one of the unmarked vehicles. Gleason and Herd were struck and wounded during the shooting, according to Bachman, while Banuelos escaped injury. Gleason was taken to Desert Valley Hospital but was subsequently pronounced dead, authorities said. Herd was taken to Arrowhead Regional Medical Center where he was treated before getting arrested on suspicion of burglary Wednesday afternoon, authorities said.  Banuelos was detained and taken to the Hesperia Sheriff's Station for an interview, according to Bachman, where he was later arrested on suspicion of receiving stolen property. The vehicle the group was driving was reported stolen early Wednesday morning from a home in Victorville, Bachman said. Both Herd and Banuelos remain behind bars at the High Desert Detention Center. Herd remains in custody in lieu of $25,000 bail, booking records show, while a $50,000 bail was issued for Banuelos. Both men are expected to appear in court at 12:30 p.m. Friday. Court records show Herd is a felon who's been charged with several crimes, including several vehicle theft charges and convictions for burglary and grand theft. He was sentenced to 136 days in county jail in April 2016 after pleading no contest to a charge of vehicle theft, court records show. This investigation in ongoing and anyone with information regarding this investigation is urged to contact Specialized Investigation Division Detective Chuck Phillips at 909-387-3589. Persons wishing to remain anonymous can contact the We-Tip Hotline at 1-800-782-7463 or online at www.wetip.com. Paola Baker may be reached at 760-955-5332 or PBaker@VVDailyPress.com. Follow her on Twitter at @DP_PaolaBaker. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: New diagnosis for VA•Navy revamps pay & promotions rubrik•Former WWE exec leads SBA Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Business Highlights Business Highlights By The Associated Press June 1, 2017 5:35 pm 4 min read Share ___ World leaders reaffirm commitment to fighting climate change BERLIN (AP) — World leaders are pledging to keep up the fight against global warming as U.S. President Donald Trump announces he is pulling out of the Paris climate accord. The European Union’s top climate change official says Trump’s decision to leave the Paris accord made it “a sad day for the global community.” ___ Register now to learn how DHS and Commerce are implementing CDM strategies. Advertisement Despite Trump, cleaner energy growth expected to carry on WASHINGTON (AP) — The push to use cleaner forms of energy is unlikely to slow down, even after President Donald Trump says he’ll abandon U.S. pledges to reduce carbon emissions that contribute to global warming. Around the world, coal-fired power plants are being shuttered as governments and private companies invest billions in wind turbines and solar farms. ___ US job market looks solid 8 years after recession ended WASHINGTON (AP) — Exactly eight years after the Great Recession ended, the U.S. job market has settled into a sweet spot of steadily solid growth. On Friday, when the government releases the jobs report for May, the pattern is likely to extend itself. ___ The true impact of cutting EPA's budget. Investors pick Tesla’s promise over GM’s steady profits DETROIT (AP) — Tesla and General Motors have a budding rivalry that could help determine whether Detroit or Silicon Valley sets the course for the future of the auto industry. Right now Wall Street is favoring the upstart led by flamboyant Elon Musk to the established icon headed by the more restrained Mary Barra. ___ US auto sales fall for fifth straight month in May DETROIT (AP) — U.S. auto sales fell for the fifth straight month in May, bolstering expectations for the first annual sales decline since 2009. Some industry analysts lowered predictions for the year as General Motors, Fiat Chrysler, Hyundai and Toyota reported May decreases compared with a year ago. ___ Fund investing is cheaper than ever, and it’s because of you NEW YORK (AP) — Investors paid lower expenses last year than ever before for their mutual funds and exchange-traded funds, and all the credit goes to investors themselves. Investors are plowing their money into the cheapest funds, which puts pressure on the rest of the industry to cut their own expenses or risk losing even more dollars. ___ Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart says it’s testing a delivery service using its own store associates, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs. It’s the retailer’s latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon. ___ Trump’s cellphone use worries security experts WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump, who blasted Hillary Clinton for using a personal email server, might be a walking magnet for eavesdropping and malware if he’s using an unsecured cellphone to chat with foreign leaders. Trump has been handing out his cellphone number to counterparts around the world, urging them to call him directly to avoid the red tape of diplomatic communications. In today’s world of cyber espionage, cellphone security experts say such a policy is not only unorthodox, but dangerous. ___ AP Interview: France warns of risk of war in cyberspace PARIS (AP) — A French cybersecurity official warns there could be a “permanent war” between states and criminal or extremist groups because of hacking attacks. The head of the French government’s cybersecurity agency, Guillaume Poupard, tells the Associated Press that a “nightmare scenario” would be “chaos” in which “everyone will attack each other, without really knowing who did what.” Last month, the head of the U.S. National Security Agency told senators that cyber war is “real and here to stay.” ___ US stocks back at record highs after better jobs data NEW YORK (AP) — A broad push higher for stocks sent indexes to records on Thursday following yet more signs that the job market continues to improve. ___ Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left HONG KONG (AP) — Uber posted a $708 million loss in the most recent quarter and said its head of finance is leaving, the latest executive to depart. It’s been a rough year for the San Francisco company. It lost its head of communications, president and other senior executives in recent months as it faces allegations of sexism and sexual harassment in the workplace. ___ The Standard & Poor’s 500 index ended at 2,430.06, up 18.26 points, or 0.8 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 135.53, or 0.6 percent, to 21,144.18, and the Nasdaq composite rose 48.31, or 0.8 percent, to 6,246.83. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 4 cents to settle at $48.36 per barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 13 cents to settle at $50.63 a barrel. Natural gas fell 6 cents to settle at $3.01 per 1,000 cubic feet, heating oil slipped 2 cents to $1.50 per gallon and wholesale gasoline was close to flat at $1.60 per gallon. Related Topics Business News Government News Media News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Business Highlights Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories TSP board to move L fund to 5-year increments Top Story Details emerging for EPA’s early retirement, incentive payouts Workforce White House grants 14 ethics waivers to staff People Cyber Mission Forces try to manipulate cyber terrain with new policy Defense News DHS cancels $1.5B contract for agile services Contracts/Awards Fed Photo of the Day Labor Secretary discusses apprenticeships at Milton Manufacturing Today in History 1812: James Madison asks Congress to declare War on the United Kingdom THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 01, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9541 0.0280 2.80% L 2020 25.6757 0.0752 4.59% L 2030 28.7196 0.1339 6.52% L 2040 30.9804 0.1712 7.46% L 2050 17.7932 0.1130 8.30% G Fund 15.3364 0.0010 0.98% F Fund 17.8818 -0.0149 2.57% C Fund 33.8068 0.2581 8.67% S Fund 43.7418 0.7113 4.96% I Fund 28.1962 0.0750 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Sections News Election Eric Frein Trial Trump Weather Archives Obituaries Business Stocks Education Data Center Photo Store NEPA 911 Health-Science Local History Gas Drilling Courts State Sports High School Penn State RailRiders Penguins Gameface Golf Motorsports Wildlife Varsity570 Lifestyles Curtain Call Student Artists Calendar Life events Food and wine 10 things Mothers Home and Garden On The Record Crossword Times Traveler My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons Downvalley Midvalley Upvalley N. Pocono Wayne Wyoming Susquehanna Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Submit Letter Cole Cartoon Blog Blogs Chris Kelly Blog John Cole Cartoons High School Sports Penn State RailRiders Photo Blog Local History The Borys Blog WildLife Blog Contact Print Subscription Print Advertising NIE Press Pass Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Photo Store Circulars Coupons Marketplace Smart Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital SMART Edition of The Times-Tribune on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at thetimes-tribune.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Lifestyles • Obituaries • Opinion • Contact • Classifieds • Marketplace • Smart Walmart testing store employee delivery of U.S. online orders High School Sports Blog Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community: Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email. Education Databases: Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and te Most Read Recent Comments Outdoor fireplace mishap led to explosion in South Scranton DUI chase ends with two in custody, state police say Scranton steakhouse owner lashes back at trademark lawsuit Police: CTC automotive teacher molested students Girl, 12, assaulted after act of kindness Man charged for firing handgun outside Scranton bar New Jersey man to run for Cartwright seat NEPA Philharmonic longtime music director to step down The Northeastern Pennsylvania Philharmonic’s longtime music director and conductor is stepping down. (read more) Area high schools set to graduate Their gowns are ironed and mortarboards squared. The high school band has been practicing “Pomp and Circumstance” for months. (read more) State police: Boy playing with matches set home on fire CARBONDALE — A state police fire marshal ruled a juvenile playing with matches started a structure fire on Wednesday morning. (read more) Girl, 12, assaulted after act of kindness WILKES-BARRE — Presley Keeney didn’t see the attack coming. (read more) Payless in Wilkes-Barre Twp, Dickson City may close Discount footwear retailer Payless ShoeSource has placed its stores in the Wilkes-Barre Twp. Markeplace and in the Viewmont Mall in Dickson City on a list of possible closures “pending ongoing negotiations.” (read more) Throwback Thursday – Burning up the charts Mello-Dee Disc Shop in Scranton is destroyed by fire as the soundtrack for latest James Bond film, 'Casino Royale', burns up the charts. Chris Kelly Blog: Trump's Nonsense Tweet Is A Cry For Help Man charged for firing handgun outside Scranton bar Too drunk to enter the bar, Corey Bowsfield took a shot outside. The 27-year-old Taylor man pulled out a 9 mm handgun, pointed it at the head of a man he was arguing with and squeezed the trigger (read more) CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER , Associated Press / Published: June 1, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts.   The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting.   The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas.   Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says.   "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website.   Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company.   Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws.   "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do."   So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote.   Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be.   "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers.   The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said.   The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35.   In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed.   Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said.   Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales.   Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two.   Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on.   But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 1-800-228-4637 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Scranton Times-Tribune PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND SCRANTON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Staff Photographer Wal-Mart employees are making online deliveries on their way home Filed under Retail at 13 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Maria Halkias Connect with Maria Halkias On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now BENTONVILLE, Ark. — Wal-Mart is testing home delivery with its own employees making stops on their way home from work. The program is being tested with general merchandise in two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. The test is about a month old, and Wal-Mart won't say whether it's planning to roll it out. Employees can make extra money by delivering the packages, but Walmart.com spokesman Ravi Jariwala didn't share how employees are being compensated, other than to say it's in addition to their regular shift pay. So far, he said, "hundreds of deliveries are showing up the next day."  Wal-Mart sees it as another way to leverage its 4,700 stores across the U.S., Jariwala said. One of its stores is within 10 minutes of 90 percent of Americans.  How much do Dallas-Fort Worth shoppers like buying groceries online? Just ask Wal-Mart Jariwala said it's too early to talk about cost savings that may come with employee deliveries versus other ways it gets packages to customers' homes. Wal-Mart uses all the major delivery services such as FedEx and UPS and it has another delivery test now with Uber and Lyft. As e-commerce has grown, retailers have talked about the last mile to your house as being the most expensive part of the delivery. That's why pickup in stores is encouraged and offered for free by so many major chains including Wal-Mart. In the test, trucks that deliver to stores from distribution centers also carry online orders for both Walmart.com and Jet.com to the store near those customers. The program is voluntary and employees "are in control of the experience," Jariwala said. Employees must submit to background checks that include motor vehicle reports to become eligible. A common response from employees, Jarawali said, is "You mean I get paid for driving home?" An application shows the packages that are available for delivery on the way home. Only deliveries on the employee's path appear as options. The employee can decide what size and weight package and how many deliveries. Employees also chose what days they want to take on deliveries. Packages not claimed that day by an employee are shifted to a third-party carrier. A map showing dots where employees live and where deliveries were going for one recent day revealed extensive overlap. "It just makes sense," said Marc Lore, CEO of Wal-Mart's e-commerce division. "We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup. Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination." Lore called it a game-changer in Wal-Mart's ability to use its stores to move ahead in e-commerce. Wal-Mart's same-store sales have increased for 11 consecutive quarters. Last month, it reported a first-quarter sales increase of 1.4 percent, which beat estimates. The company's e-commerce sales increased 63 percent. While Wal-Mart has made e-commerce acquisitions, the retailer said most of the online business gains were from Walmart.com. Earlier this year, it went after Amazon's Prime member customers by lowering the minimum purchase to $25 for two-day free shipping. Wal-Mart's online strategy has taken a leap forward with its purchase of Jet.com, which Lore founded. Other recent e-commerce acquisitions include shoe retailer Shoebuy, women's apparel retailer ModCloth and outdoor gear retailer Moosejaw. Twitter: @MariaHalkias View Comments Tags Retail Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. 6 articles left Get Unlimited Digital Access Subscribe Now Already a subscriber?Or Login Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
    The Newspaper of Trucking and Freight Transportation Welcome  Guest  Log In          Home News & Analysis Special Coverage Top Stories Latest News Government News iTECH E&MU TT Archives Fuel Prices Top 100 / Top 50 Top 100 For-Hire Annual rankings provide an indispensable overview of the largest for-hire carriers in the United States and Canada, along with timely analysis of trends shaping the industry. Top 100 Private Beverage and food service fleets dominate the top spots in this comprehensive rundown of private carriers in the United States and Canada, ranked by number of tractors. Top 50 Global Freight Key data on revenue and freight assets for the 50 largest global freight carriers. Top 50 Logistics A unique ranking of the third-party logistics companies in North America includes listings of the largest freight brokerage firms, freight forwarders, warehouse operators and dedicated contract carriage service providers. Top 100 / Top 50 Top 100 For-hire Top 100 Private Top 50 Global Freight Top 50 Logistics Resources Special Reports TT Education Directory ATA Home ATA Business Solutions State Trucking Associations US Government Sites State Government Sites Interact Submit Letter to the Editor Submit Photos Submit a Press Release Tell Us How We're Doing Contact Us Classified Jobs Equipment Directories Marketplace Place an Ad Multimedia Crossword Puzzle LiveOnWeb Webinars Sponsor a Webinar Videos Events Subscribe 6/1/2017 3:40:00 PM Write a Letter to the Editor Wal-Mart Asks Employees to Deliver Packages on Their Way Home Retailer lets workers deliver packages during commutes home Tweet  Print This   Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg News Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is testing a program that sends store employees to deliver online orders at the end of their shifts, a new push by the world’s biggest retailer to use its large physical footprint to match Amazon.com Inc.’s convenient options for web purchases. Workers can opt in to earn extra money by making deliveries using their own cars. They’re assigned packages based on where they live so the route aligns with their commute home, the company said June 1 in a blog post. Wal-Mart didn’t specify how the employees will be compensated. The test began at three locations in Arkansas and New Jersey. Wal-Mart ranks No. 3 on the Transport Topics Top 100 list of the largest private carriers in North America. Wal-Mart is tapping into its 4,700 U.S. stores and more than a million retail employees as it seeks to redefine itself in an age of e-commerce dominated by Amazon, which offers delivery of some products in as little as an hour in some cities. Online spending will increase by 16% this year — more than four times the pace of overall retail — to reach $462 billion, according to EMarketer Inc. About 90% of the U.S. population lives within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart, and the company is using those locations as shipping hubs to compete with Amazon on the last mile of delivery — the most expensive part of getting goods to customers. By using existing workers in their own cars, Wal-Mart could create a vast network with little upfront cost, similar to how Uber Technologies Inc. created a ride-hailing service without owning any cars. "Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," said Marc Lore, who took over Wal-Mart’s e-commerce operation last year after the retailer purchased his startup, Jet.com, for $3.3 billion. "This test could be a game-changer." Many online orders in tests have been delivered overnight using store employees, Lore said, showing how the initiative could also be used to narrow delivery times. The lines between internet and brick-and-mortar commerce are blurring as retailers — including Amazon — try to accommodate a variety of shopping preferences. Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart offers free two-day delivery on millions of items to compete with Amazon’s standard delivery time. It also lets customers buy groceries online and pick them up at stores and offers discounts to online shoppers who pick up items at stores rather than having them delivered. Amazon, meanwhile, has stepped up its experimentation with physical locations. It’s slowly opening physical bookstores in big cities around the U.S., which double as showrooms for Amazon gadgets such as its Kindle readers and Echo voice-activated speakers. The company opened two drive-in grocery pickup kiosks in its hometown of Seattle earlier this month, its first attempt to match the click-and-collect options rolled out by Wal-Mart and other big-box competitors. By Spencer Soper Bloomberg News Follow Transport Topics on RSS Twitter Facebook © 2017, Transport Topics, American Trucking Associations Inc. Reproduction, redistribution, display or rebroadcast by any means without written permission is prohibited.   RELATED ARTICLES Oceans of Cargo Fueling Growth in Atlanta (5/31/2017 12:00:00 PM) Amazon Shares Hit $1,000, Showing Dominance of E-Commerce, Cloud (5/30/2017 11:15:00 AM) 1Q Shipments Up, Margins Shrink; Contract Rates Weaken, TIA Says (5/29/2017 3:00:00 AM) Why the Rout in Retail Shouldn't Be a Big Worry for Economy (5/22/2017 11:45:00 AM) Traffic Woes Underscore Infrastructure Needs (5/15/2017 4:00:00 AM) Philadelphia Port Sees Growth in Cargo Imports (5/11/2017 3:00:00 PM)  < More Related Articles...   LATEST NEWS New York City, XPO Renew Emergency Logistics Deal UPS Opens Facility in Poland as Part of $2 Billion Europe Expansion ATRI Seeks Industry Input for Operational Costs Report Americans' Comfort Rises on Strongest View of Finances in Decade Manufacturing Settles In at Solid Pace of Expansion Jobless Claims Remain Low Even With Biggest Rise in a Month   More Latest News...   LATEST JOBS Powered By: Follow Us Subscribe Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Newsletters TTExpress This free daily newsletter delivers the latest headlines. TT Executive Suite This subscriber-only newsletter program tailors your news. Services Subscribe Renew Group Subscriptions Buy a Digital Copy Customer Service Archives Staff Contact Us Advertising Print Classified Digital Media Reprints Buyer's Guide © American Trucking Associations, Inc., All Rights Reserved TTNews.com Privacy Statement
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Walmart augments training with virtual reality June 1, 2017 | By Deena M. Amato-McCoy While the industry continues to explore how to leverage virtual reality, Walmart is embracing the technology in a big way.   The retail giant will be adding VR-based instruction at its 200 Walmart Academy training centers in the United States by the end of the year. The technology will be used to educate approximately 140,000 employees that go through the program each year, according to Walmart.   Each location will have an Oculus Rift headset and gaming PC that will showcase a collection of VR training content. The content is being created by STRIVR Labs, a start-up that already creates training videos for sports teams, including the Dallas Cowboys, San Francisco 49ers, and the U.S. Ski Team.   In fact, it was a Walmart executive’s love of football that sparked the idea. While watching the University of Arkansas football team practice, Brock McKeel, Walmart’s senior director of central operations, was inspired by how the athletes were interacting with the VR technology during practice, and using it to test their skills and reactions in real-life scenarios. It was this discovery — and discussions with one of the coaches – this pushed McKeel to pursue how to apply VR to training at Walmart.   Currently, the technology is available in 30 academies. Associates who have gone through VR training retain what they’ve learned in those situations better than those who haven’t, reported Beth Harris, Walmart spokeswoman.   “We used it to train our associates to handle situations from the everyday, like managing the fresh area, to the rare, like Black Friday,” she explained. “VR allows associates to experience a lifelike store environment to experiment, learn and handle difficult situations without the need to recreate disruptive incidents or disturb the customers’ shopping experience.” Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented J.C. Penney checks into its newest business — hospitality Philly tops list of 10 most affordable retail locations Gymboree names retail veteran as CEO BJ's adds former Belk and Dick's Sporting Goods execs to its leadership team Forever 21 to launch new store concept Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Whole Foods Market disappoints Solutions Spotlight The New Era of "Responsive Retail" As the Internet of Things continues to drive the next era of retail, companies need to be ready to embrace these technologies as a means of meeting its digital shoppers’ evolving demands. This webinar from Intel will delve into how its new platform will deliver business value through improved inventory accuracy, advanced human capital and a new level of engagement. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: E-commerce fraud is declining — but the battle continues E-commerce fraud as a percent of sales dollars may be on the decline, however... Shopping must-haves for Generations Y and Z are… New attitudes, behaviors and shopping preferences among Generation Z and... Report: Facebook caters to hungry members There’s a new Facebook service that users are sure to “like:... Trending Stores Original Penguin, Aspen, Colorado Original Penguin has opened a pop-up in Aspen.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends Consumer Trends Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Walmart testing associate home delivery Jun 01, 2017 Supervalu CEO sees opportunity in Marsh bankruptcy Jun 01, 2017 Walmart: Happy employees sparking sales momentum Jun 01, 2017 Dollar General ‘pleased’ with Q1 results Jun 01, 2017 BJ’s adds two execs for digital transformation May 31, 2017 Featured Meat promotions sizzling again May 26, 2017 Junquiero to retire from Save Mart May 24, 2017 Lowes expands further to South Carolina May 22, 2017 Wegmans going to Washington May 21, 2017 Photos by Jon Springer Frank Yiannas, VP of food safety for Walmart, speaks about transparency in the food system during a presentation at the retailer’s annual Shareholders Week. Issues & Trends>Food Safety Walmart: Blockchain tech a boon for food safety Test provides rapid view of farm to store; big safety, waste implications Jon Springer | Jun 01, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores on Thursday revealed encouraging results of a test of blockchain technology to aid food traceability and safety, demonstrating it could cut the time involved in tracing the journey of food products from the farm to its shelves from nearly a week to less than three seconds. The test, in partnership with IBM, began last year in China, and could have wide-ranging benefits for Walmart and the larger food industry to tackle the cost of food waste, more quickly identify and contain foodborne illnesses and fraud and facilitate compliance with safety regulations, while meeting customer demand for transparency in the food system, Frank Yiannas, VP of food safety for Walmart, said Thursday in a presentation as part of the retailer’s annual Shareholders Week events in Bentonville, Ark. Related story: Walmart: Happy employees sparking sales momentum And though the program has benefits for Walmart that could result in lower prices, fresher in-store product and more efficient logistics, Yiannas said the company did not intend to use blockchain as a competitive advantage and instead encouraged participation from suppliers, other retailers and stakeholders along the food chain. IBM VP Brigid McDermot discusses blockchain technology at the Walmart presentation. Blockchain technology provides a permanent record of transactions that are grouped in digital “blocks” and cannot be altered, said Brigid McDermott, VP of IBM’s blockchain business development. Applied to food safety, it could serve as an alternative to traditional paper records and manual inspection systems that Yiannas said could leave supply chains vulnerable to inaccuracy or fraud. “While we are enamored and really excited about the blockchain technology that’s enabling us to do this, really there are business challenges we’re trying to solve.” “It’s been reported that a 1% reduction in foodborne disease in the U.S. would amount to about a $700 billion saving to the U.S. economy,” Yiannas said. “But it’s more than just cost, it’s people. The CDC [Centers for Disease Control] estimates that about 48 million Americans will experience foodborne illness in the U.S., and the global numbers are even larger.” About one-third of produced food goes to waste, he added, costing U.S. businesses $29 billion annually. Walmart tested the blockchain solution in China using pork, and in the U.S. using mangoes, digitally tracking them farm to store using a scan. Product information, such as details of the farm, batch numbers, factory and processing data, expiration dates and shipping details, is digitally connected to the items. In a demonstration of the technology, tracking information inputted to the software from a label on a package of sliced mangoes -- a process Yiannas said took nearly seven days using previous methods -- revealed their origins to two farms in Mexico and their stops along the way, in 2.2 seconds. TAGS: News Walmart 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Perdue promises to support trade as he takes office at USDAApr 26, 2017 FMI, GMA lead common date label phrasing initiativeFeb 15, 2017 Whole Foods closing three food-prep facilitiesJan 19, 2017 Will FSMA change the food retail industry? Nov 02, 2016 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives High schools: Outside the Box, June 1 Munroes devoted their life together to their family Lockheed to lay off workers, trim space at Port San Antonio San Antonio Animal Care Services and city workers rescue Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Munroes devoted their life together to their family San Antonio Animal Care Services and city workers rescue Budget certification clears way for special-session announcement UIW names new president US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Smoke from fire kills 36 in Philippine casino attack European leaders: climate change deal can't be renegotiated In Damascus, a general feeling that the war is winding down 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Lockheed to lay off workers, trim space at Port San Antonio The Pearl’s growth spills over west of River Walk into Tobin Construction spending fell 1.4 percent in April Renewable energy expected to continue growth, despite Trump Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Rattlers strike back against Chargers in series opener Baseball: Thursday’s high school results High schools: Outside the Box, June 1 Outdoors: Calendar, June 1 Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate More barbecue and brews coming to Broadway in San Antonio Review: A middle of the road trip to Moroccan Bites Tagine Ranger Creek Brewing & Distilling adds to bourbon lineup Area chefs tackle James Beard Foundation's Blended Burger Project Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Cirque du Soleil's new 'Crystal' headed to San Antonio San Antonio native and movie star dies in Houston 16 fun things to do this weekend in San Antonio Construction begins on $16M Ruby City art museum Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living 2 Texas cities named among places you should visit 'before they Life in the Desert Joshua Tree National Park — Natural Beauty Secret River Walk 'lock bridge' becoming international symbol of Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Your Turn: June 2 Transparency is key in rebuilding Local not same as best on River Walk barges We are in the golden age of incivility Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Jeep redesigns the Compass for 2017, adding beefier styling, new Jaguar 2017 XF R-Sport brings driving fun, technology, lots of Redesigned 2017 Mazda CX-5 compact crossover now arriving; prices Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features Coastal disappointment, inland joy at Trump climate move Retirees at GE plant in Canada see hope for health claims Friday's US jobs report for May likely to show steady gains Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/business/article/Walmart-taps-employees-for-quick-deliveries-11189230.php Walmart taps employees for quick deliveries By Spencer Soper, Bloomberg News Published 2:57 pm, Thursday, June 1, 2017 Photo: Associated Press File Photo Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. less Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world’s largest retailer says workers can ... more Photo: Associated Press File Photo Walmart taps employees for quick deliveries 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Walmart Stores Inc. is testing a program that sends store employees to deliver online orders at the end of their shifts, a new push by the world’s biggest retailer to use its large physical footprint to match Amazon.com Inc.’s convenient options for web purchases. Workers can opt in to earn extra money by making deliveries using their own cars. They’re assigned packages based on where they live so the route aligns with their commute home, the company said Thursday in a blog post. Walmart didn’t specify how the employees will be compensated. The test began at three locations in Arkansas and New Jersey. Walmart is tapping into its 4,700 U.S. stores and more than a million retail employees as it seeks to redefine itself in an age of e-commerce dominated by Amazon, which offers delivery of some products in as little as an hour in some cities. Online spending will increase by 16 percent this year — more than four times the pace of overall retail — to reach $462 billion, according to EMarketer Inc. About 90 percent of the U.S. population lives within 10 miles of a Walmart, and the company is using those locations as shipping hubs to compete with Amazon on the last mile of delivery — the most expensive part of getting goods to customers. By using existing workers in their own cars, Walmart could create a vast network with little upfront cost, similar to how Uber Technologies Inc. created a ride-hailing service without owning any cars. “Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” said Marc Lore, who took over Walmart’s e-commerce operation last year after the retailer purchased his startup, Jet.com, for $3.3 billion. “This test could be a game-changer.” Many online orders in tests have been delivered overnight using store employees, Lore said, showing how the initiative could also be used to narrow delivery times. Business Channel The lines between internet and brick-and-mortar commerce are blurring as retailers — including Amazon — try to accommodate a variety of shopping preferences. Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart offers free two-day delivery on millions of items to compete with Amazon’s standard delivery time. It also lets customers buy groceries online and pick them up at stores and offers discounts to online shoppers who pick up items at stores rather than having them delivered. Amazon, meanwhile, has stepped up its experimentation with physical locations. It’s slowly opening physical bookstores in big cities around the U.S., which double as showrooms for Amazon gadgets like its Kindle readers and Echo voice-activated speakers. The company opened two drive-in grocery pickup kiosks in its hometown of Seattle earlier this month, its first attempt to match the click-and-collect options rolled out by Walmart and other big-box competitors.    Catch every San Antonio area moment! Click to like mySA on Facebook. The Latest Company move makes way for growth near The Pearl Boerne spelling bee whiz knocked out by silent ‘e’ Movie star, S.A. native dies in Houston 2 Texas cities you should visit 'before they are too popular' Vintage photos show Texas amusement's park heyday Woman allegedly raped near Med. Center is latest in attacks 16 things to do in S.A. this weekend Another TV show bites the dust Retailer to close up to 17 stores in San Antonio Barbecue, brews coming to Broadway in San Antonio Ex-S.A. mayor hints at potential presidential run 50 'old' movies every young person needs to watch 'Varsity Blues' turns 18: Where is the cast now? These celebrities' real names may surprise you Friends horrified by death of Texas beauty queen Texas actress, beauty queen found dead at 31 Ex-‘Bachelorette’ contestant found dead in Central Texas Can you pick the real Selena? News of Texas girl's Selena party spreads around the world Selena widower reveals never-before-seen photo Scenes from a sweaty, noisy music fest in Texas Dozens of arrests made at Texas' new music festival Thousands party at massive Texas EDM fest Recent Breaking News Councilman Alan Warrick drops drugging claims TxDOT: 18-wheeler crash cleared after delaying traffic at... Reward upped to $10,000 for information on missing S.A. nurse,... Most Popular 1 24-year-old allegedly raped at gunpoint in Med. Center area is... 2 Laredo actress, former beauty queen found dead at 31 3 San Antonio’s Tesoro to change name to Andeavor 4 Meet Dejounte Murray's rumored girlfriend, Texas-native... 5 ‘Sense8’ Cancellation Makes Twitter Lose Its Mind –... 6 Whataburger destroyed by fire; Liberty community mourns the... 7 Secret River Walk 'lock bridge' becoming international symbol... Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    San Antonio Business news & alerts    Real Estate news & listings    Career news & job listings    Auto news & listings    Breaking news EMAIL: Click here to sign up for News, Sports and more Email Alerts. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC


NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home open Business Home open Sports Home open Entertainment Home open Where NOLA Eats Special Sections open Videos Engage open MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate open Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE open Local Businesses Photos open Follow Us open View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Louisiana Environment Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions North Shore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints LSU Tigers Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Vintage New Orleans Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Mandina's Rising: Rebuilding an iconic New Orleans restaurant Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Chicago girl, 16, accused of killing Uber driver with machete, knife police lights night Eliza Wasni, 16, is accused of stealing a machete and a knife from a Skokie, Ill., Walmart and using the weapons to kill Uber driver Grant Nelson, whom she summoned to the store. (File image (Thinkstock)) Print Email The Washington Post By The Washington Post The Times-Picayune Follow on Twitter on June 01, 2017 at 2:26 PM comments A 16-year-old girl was carrying a machete in one hand, a knife in the other, as she walked "nonchalantly" out of a Walmart store in the Chicago suburb of Lincolnwood without paying at about 3 a.m. Tuesday, prosecutors said. The girl, Eliza Wasni, called for an Uber ride - her third that night - and a driver pulled up in a silver Hyundai Sonata. Wasni climbed into the car. About two minutes later, as the car reached an intersection a few blocks away, she began stabbing and hacking at the driver from the back seat, prosecutors said at a news conference. The bleeding driver, 34-year-old Grant Nelson, managed to pull the car into a nearby condominium building driveway. He ran to the lobby entrance, banged on the door and screamed. "Help me," Nelson shouted, "Help me, I'm going to die." Meanwhile, Wasni allegedly tried to flee by taking the wheel of the car, but soon rammed into a median and took off on foot. After residents called 911, police arrived to find a bloodstained car, and a trail of blood leading from the parkway around the side of the building. There they found Nelson in the grass in a pool of his own blood, suffering from deep stab wounds and hacking wounds to his arms, side, head and chest. He was coherent enough to describe his assailant to police and what happened, but he would later die in a hospital. Police found Wasni after identifying her from the Uber app on the driver's phone, which he left in the car. She was crouching behind a building near where she'd abandoned the car, holding a machete in one hand and knife in the other. She wore only a bra and leggings - a Chicago Cubs shirt was found nearby, the Chicago Tribune reported. When she repeatedly refused to drop her weapons, police used a stun gun on her and took her into custody. They would later find surveillance video from Walmart capturing Wasni stealing the weapons while wearing a Cubs shirt. Authorities charged Wasni as an adult with first-degree murder, the Chicago Tribune reported. A judge called the attack "extremely violent" and ordered her to be held without bail. She will be held in a juvenile facility, the Tribune reported. She appeared in court Wednesday in a white jail jumpsuit, her blond hair disheveled and her eyes kept mostly to the floor. Prosecutors called the attack "heinous" and "not provoked in any manner." Wasni lives with a single mother and is a student at Taft High School in Chicago, her public defender said in court, according to the Chicago Tribune. She was in violation of the company's 18-and-older age restriction for riders. Access to the service can be removed if a rider is found to be underage. An Uber spokeswoman said in a statement to the Chicago Tribune the company is "heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson. Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." The ride-hailing company - embattled from a number of recent internal struggles and controversies - has previously made headlines regarding allegations that its drivers assaulted passengers. And the shocking incident spurred the question: why would a teenage girl - seemingly unprovoked - brutally attack a complete stranger? Grant Nelson's sister, Alex Nelson, said in a news conference Wednesday the details of the attack were "horrifying and saddening," and that "obviously this is a time of heartbreak and tremendous loss for us." "Grant was an extraordinary figure in our lives," she said. "He was a gentle man. He was a good man." Grant Nelson, who lived with his parents in Wilmette, just north of Chicago, had a wide range of interests - from animals to classical opera to military history. "We don't have any answers," Alex Nelson said. (c) 2017, The Washington Post * Samantha Schmidt  follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr New Orleans Crime Map by District Find the latest reports near you NOPD district maps of preliminary violent crime reports in New Orleans special report Family Sentence Louisiana's criminal justice system scars children, families and the community when parents are imprisoned Follow continuing coverage » Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries 2016 murder count 0 Latest Incident: 2016 map of N.O homicides Active Discussions About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in business ‘Wonder Woman’ may save Warner Bros. from box office turmoil Court agrees to limit SEC case against FBI informant Millennial vinyl startup cues up success Senior lenders at odds with J.Crew over debt restructuring Internet troll a no-show as money manager nears court victory Activist investor to sue after losing proxy fight with Taubman Goldman Sachs CEO’s first-ever tweet slams Trump’s climate... Walmart is asking workers to deliver packages after their shifts Ex-Morgan Stanley trader barred for hiding Venezuela bond buys Burger King bows to Belgian monarch, pulls ad stunt Paint merger that Paul Singer was pushing is dead – for now Uber’s head of finance leaves as quarterly losses hit $708M Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Walmart is asking workers to deliver packages after their shifts By Lisa Fickenscher View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) June 1, 2017 | 3:23pm | Updated June 2, 2017 | 12:38am Modal Trigger Getty Images More On: walmart Hearst moves forward with two new test launches Walmart customer and deer square off in store Wal-Mart's quarterly sales beat Wall Street's expectations Walmart accused of discriminating against pregnant workers The largest US retailer is looking a lot like a mom-and-pop operation. Instead of buying vans or hiring professional delivery workers, Walmart has started asking its sales associates, stock clerks and cashiers to use their own cars to deliver online purchases to nearby customers. The employees make the drop-offs on their way home after their shifts. “Associates love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” crowed Marc Lore, president and chief executive of Walmart’s US e-commerce business, in a blog post on Thursday. Lore said the employees would deliver packages only to customers whose homes they normally pass. Lore did not say how the employees would be compensated — or if gas or insurance would be paid for. Employee deliveries are now being tested at some stores in Arkansas and New Jersey. The delivery program is voluntary for store workers and allows them to sign up for a maximum of 10 deliveries a day. The move comes as the discounter — and scores of other retailers — look to keep up with online retailers, like Amazon, which promise quick delivery. Walmart is trying to make its 4,700-strong network of brick-and-mortar stores and 1 million employees into an asset. Ninety percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart. “This is another example of Walmart trying to cut corners,” said Nelson Lichtenstein, Director of the Center for the Study of Work, Labor and Democracy at the University of California, Santa Barbara. “It’s bizarre that this gigantic company is doing something that a five-and-dime shop would have asked its employees to do decades ago.” Lore hailed the fact that the initiative will “cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently.” Indeed, Walmart will face few up-front costs — like buying a fleet of trucks — as employees already own their cars. In tapping its employees, Walmart cuts out the middle man — companies like Instacart that take a cut for their delivery services. Lore joined the company in August when Walmart bought his former company, Jet.com, for $3 billion. He has helped Walmart to more aggressively compete against Amazon and referred to the delivery test as a “game-changer.” Others questioned whether shoppers wouldn’t find it strange to have some “random Walmart employee coming to your house,” said Edward Jones analyst Brian Yarbrough. Investors didn’t seem to have such qualms. Walmart’s shares closed up 1.5 percent on Thursday, to $79.81. “Delivery is the buzz word on Wall St right now,” Yarbrough said. “It gets everyone excited.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under amazon ,  amazon prime ,  delivery services ,  online shopping ,  walmart Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Ex-Morgan Stanley trader barred for hiding Venezuela bond ... Read Next Ex-Morgan Stanley trader barred for hiding Venezuela bond ... Share Selection Columnists John Crudele May's jobs report poised to be a success — but the truth is in the details Keith J. Kelly Hillary Clinton is a winner when it comes to publishing world Steve Cuozzo Financial District becoming a mecca for movie theaters SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Trending Now on NYPost.com 44,142 How a psychopath is made 43,333 I was a Saudi arms dealer's 'pleasure wife' 41,613 Your meanest friend just wants the best for you, scientists say Now On Alec Baldwin helps raise $5.1M for New Jersey Democrats Megyn Kelly set to interview controversial Infowars host Stars gather to see Jimmy Buffett’s ‘Margaritaville’ musical SEE ALL Video 0:58 Bounty hunters spark deadly shootout in a Texas car dealership More Stories page six Kendall Jenner and Cara Delevingne go on 'Sex' adventure Now On Decider Wondering What Happened To Your Favorite Porn Stars From The '90s? nypost How a psychopath is made New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
BET Trending Video Home Shows BET Awards 2017 | Performers BET Awards Woody McClain Has a Way With Photos Tales The Evolution of Gucci Mane's Glow Up BET Experience See All Shows BET AWARDS BET EXPERIENCE BREAKS TALES See All Shows Full Episodes TV Schedule Music 'All Eyez on Me': The Tupac Biopic I Talked To Rate the Bars with Remy Ma See All Music All Eyez on Me BEYONCE DRAKE RATE THE BARS BET Experience See All Music Celebs 19 Eggplants That Broke the Internet Look: TV Salaries Leaked and Black Actors Are Being Screwed How EJ Johnson Plans to Create His Own Legacy See All Celebs JENNIFER HUDSON KEVIN HART KIM KARDASHIAN See All Celebs Lifestyle We Spoke to the Woman Whose Trump-Supporting Boyfriend's Racist Rant Went Viral See North West's Adorable Disney Attire for KimYe's Anniversary Outing Down In The DMs: Sevyn Streeter Wants You To Stop Sending D**k Pics See All Lifestyle STYLE BEAUTY HEALTH AND WELLNESS RELATIONSHIPS ACHIEVEMENT HOW TO ROCK See All Lifestyle News How Do We Explain Trump's Win to Our Kids? Op-Ed: Trump’s Election Was a Total Dick Move 'This is Our Nation, Now Get the F**k Out': Not the First Time America's Witnessed Hate, Not the Last See All News NATIONAL SPORTS VIDEO NEWS BET VOTE See All News Full Episodes TV Schedule BET Awards Preview BET's New Shows BET Experience Watch Full Episodes Follow us facebook twitter instagram pinterest youTube Subscribe to our Newsletter Submit ALL VIDEOS ALL PHOTOS BET AWARDS BET JAMS BET EXPERIENCE BET Experience 2017! BET 16-Year-Old Suspected of Hacking an Uber Driver to Death With Shoplifted Machete Share facebook twitter whatsapp tumblr pinterest email BET AWARDS New Shows BET EXPERIENCE 16-Year-Old Suspected of Hacking an Uber Driver to Death With Shoplifted Machete Grant Nelson described attacker Eliza Wasni to police shortly before dying. Published 7 hours ago Police in Chicago arrested and charged a teenage girl for the fatal stabbing of an Uber driver on Tuesday. 16-year-old Eliza Wasni is being held without bail in a Cook County jail for the "heinous" killing of Grant Nelson, 34, reported the Chicago Tribune. According to prosecutors, Nelson — who drove a Hyundai — picked up Wasni near a Walmart and started driving to her destination. Just minutes into the ride, Wasni allegedly started hacking away at Nelson with a machete. Nelson pulled over the car and ran into the lobby of a nearby condominium building. "Help me, help me. I'm going to die," Nelson yelled, according Assistant State's Attorney Michelle Cunningham. Wasni then reportedly drove off in Nelson’s car until she hit a median and started running on foot. Later on, police found Wasni wearing only a bra and leggings. Nelson’s bloody trail led officers to find him in the lobby of the building. In addition to using the app to identify Wasni, police were given a description of the teen by Nelson, who died shortly after in a hospital. During their investigation, police viewed surveillance footage which reportedly showed Wasni walking around the Walmart where she was picked up with a knife and machete. Wasni did not pay for the items, prosecutors said. Wasni will be held in a juvenile facility until her trial. However, she has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder, according to an official with the Cook County sheriff's office. On Wednesday, an Uber spokeswoman issued a statement, saying, “[Uber is] heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson. Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Written by Rachel Herron (Photo: Eliza Wasni via Facebook) COMMENTS Get More! Stabbing Uber National News Get Your news Fix Follow us facebook twitter instagram pinterest youtube Subscribe to our Newsletter Submit TRENDING IN NEWS Report Claims Aaron Hernandez Murdered Odin Lloyd to Conceal His Bisexuality Barack Obama and Others React to Trump's Embarrassing Decision to Pull Out of the Paris Climate Agreement People Are Slamming Jason Whitlock for Saying Racism Is 'Primarily an Issue for the Poor' SEE ALL TRENDING Recommended How Do We Explain Trump's Win to Our Kids? Trump's presidential win has many parents on edge. Nov. 9th Share facebook twitter Google+ pinterest tumblr whatsapp email Op-Ed: Trump’s Election Was a Total Dick Move The fragile male ego ruined history once again. Nov. 10th Share facebook twitter Google+ pinterest tumblr whatsapp email 'This is Our Nation, Now Get the F**k Out': Not the First Time America's Witnessed Hate, Not the Last 41-year-old Nicki Pancholy is one of many to experience a hate crime since Donald Trump’s win. But 2016 isn't the first time America's witnessed this type of behavior. Nov. 17th Share facebook twitter Google+ pinterest tumblr whatsapp email Latest in news + Load more Get Your news Fix Follow us facebook twitter instagram pinterest youtube Subscribe to our Newsletter Submit Privacy Policy/Privacy Rights [Updated 3/14/2017] Terms of Use [Updated 3/14/2017] Jobs Closed Captioning Submission Agreement Copyright Contact Us Ad Choices © 2017 BET Interactive, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.

Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAYER MOTOREN WERK EUR1 (BAMXF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Danone SA (DANOY) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Arkema S.A. (ARKAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) PT Lowered to $6.00 at Mizuho Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Qiagen NV (QGEN) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG AnaptysBio Inc (ANAB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research DA Davidson Comments on Antero Midstream Partners LP’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AM) Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Given a $116.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) Cut to D+ at TheStreet Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) Upgraded at TheStreet Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) PT Set at $15.00 by FBR & Co Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Given a $47.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research MKM Partners Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Robert W. Baird Reiterates $85.00 Price Target for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) received a $85.00 price objective from Robert W. Baird in a report released on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the retailer’s stock. Robert W. Baird’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 8.14% from the stock’s current price. Several other research firms have also recently weighed in on WMT. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $68.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Vetr upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $79.40 price objective for the company in a research report on Monday, May 15th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a $74.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Monday, May 15th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reiterated an “underperform” rating and set a $63.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $78.31. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE WMT) traded up 1.27% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $79.60. The stock had a trading volume of 4,401,300 shares. The stock has a market cap of $241.59 billion, a PE ratio of 18.07 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores has a 1-year low of $65.28 and a 1-year high of $79.62. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $76.05 and its 200-day moving average price is $71.31. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The company had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.98 earnings per share. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.36 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/robert-w-baird-reiterates-85-00-price-target-for-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total value of $211,500,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $740,752,453.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Jacqueline P. Canney sold 1,322 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.75, for a total transaction of $104,107.50. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 23,854 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,878,502.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 11,804,090 shares of company stock worth $902,437,682. Insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. bought a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at approximately $104,000. Glassman Wealth Services raised its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 68.3% in the first quarter. Glassman Wealth Services now owns 1,471 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 597 shares in the last quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 89.2% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 1,476 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 696 shares in the last quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. raised its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Nelson Van Denburg & Campbell Wealth Management Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 187.2% in the first quarter. Nelson Van Denburg & Campbell Wealth Management Group LLC now owns 1,620 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $117,000 after buying an additional 1,056 shares in the last quarter. 29.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 21,144 +135.53 +0.65% Nasdaq 6,247 +48.31 +0.78% S&P 500 2,430 +18.26 +0.76% 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.5% higher at 7,577.15 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 392.16 2:31 A.M. ET Updated When is the U.K. election, and when do we know who won? 2:29 A.M. ET Updated Ignore the jitters — The Tories will win the U.K. election 2:28 A.M. ET Updated Theresa May is doing a great Hillary Clinton impersonation with her campaign 2:27 A.M. ET Updated U.K. election: The nightmare, best-case and most likely scenarios for stocks worldwide 2:24 A.M. ET Updated 5 things to know about the U.K. general election next week 2:16 A.M. ET China steps up support for the yuan in fixing 2:16 A.M. ET Inmarsat to make another GX satellite 1:17 A.M. ET Updated Mr. Met teaches us we are all one iPhone video away from being fired 1:05 A.M. ET Updated Being under surveillance changes our behavior — and not for the better 1:05 A.M. ET Updated Who wins under the law — a beneficiary on a life insurance policy or on a divorce decree? 1:04 A.M. ET Oil prices stay weak as investors return to worries over rising production 12:34 A.M. ET Updated The CDC issues warning about a nasty chlorine-resistant parasite lurking in swimming pools 12:34 A.M. ET Updated Republican states have lower credit scores than Democratic states, but carry less debt 12:33 A.M. ET Updated What Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement means for your wallet 6/01 Updated 34 reported dead in botched casino robbery in Philippines 6/01 Nikkei shoots above 20,000 mark as Asian markets soar 6/01 Trump administration asks Supreme Court to reinstate travel ban 6/01 KKR closes record $9.3 billion Asia investment fund Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Wal-Mart pays workers extra to deliver packages on their way home By Tonya Garcia Published: June 1, 2017 5:01 p.m. ET Share The program is being tested in three stores in New Jersey and Arkansas By TonyaGarcia Reporter Getty Images Wal-Mart is testing a new way to make customer deliveries more efficient and less expensive Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is testing a new program that the retailer hopes will help it solve “last mile” issues tied to getting e-commerce purchases to customers: have store workers deliver them. The program, now available in two New Jersey stores and one store in Northwest Arkansas, can cut shipping costs and get purchases to customers faster, according to Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart WMT, +1.54%   U.S. e-commerce. “Many orders are being delivered the next day,” he wrote in a post on the company’s blog, published on Thursday. Associates can opt into the program if they choose, and use technology that Lore says the company built to set preferences such as how many packages they want to deliver, weight limits for the packages, and which days they’d like to deliver packages. See also: This is how Best Buy gets so many customers to come into its stores Read also: Costco’s got the goods to take on Wal-Mart and Amazon, analysts say Workers “earn extra income on their existing drive home,” Lore wrote. “Once they’re done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head toward home.” Walmart has 4,700 U.S. stores, and, according to the blog, 90% of the U.S. population is within 10 miles of a bricks-and-mortar location. With shoppers moving their purchasing activity online, traditional retailers are looking for ways to leverage store locations for e-commerce growth and convenience. In April, Wal-Mart began offering discounts to some online purchases that customers pick up from stores. In January, Wal-Mart ended its ShippingPass subscription pilot and instead announced that it would offer free shipping on minimum purchases of $35, down from $50. Since then, Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +0.13%   has lowered the free shipping threshold to $25 from $35 for non-Prime members, and Target Corp. TGT, +0.92%   raised its threshold to $35 from $25. Read: Germany’s Lidl to open its first U.S. stores in June, create 5,000 jobs Don’t miss: Every time this happens, Amazon crushes another legacy retailer In the most recent quarter, Wal-Mart reported a 63% increase in e-commerce sales. “Leveraging the store assets and Wal-Mart’s sophisticated distribution infrastructure could finally provide the company the bulwark it needs against the threat from online-only discounters,” wrote Buckingham Research Group in a May 18 note. “The question from here, in our view, still revolves around whether these moves can drive enough incremental sales and gross margin dollars to offset normal expense pressure from still-rising labor rates as well as the need to keep investing in both price and technology.” Buckingham rates Wal-Mart shares neutral with a $76 price target. Wal-Mart shares closed Thursday up 1.5%, and are up 13.3% for the past three months. The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.76%   is up 1.4% for the last three months. More from MarketWatch A bullish ‘golden cross’ may be starting to form in crude oil Blue Apron IPO to test Wall Street’s appetite for lazy people’s favorite tech startups When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Quote References WMT +1.21 +1.54% AMZN +1.33 +0.13% TGT +0.51 +0.92% SPX +18.26 +0.76% Most Popular Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Blue Apron IPO to test Wall Street’s appetite for lazy people’s favorite tech startups Elon Musk says he’s leaving White House councils as Trump quits Paris climate deal What Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement means for your wallet Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.81 +1.21 (+1.54%) Volume 8.0M Open $78.64 High $79.81 Low $78.60 P/E Ratio 18.1 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 238.3B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $995.95 +1.33 (+0.13%) Volume 2.4M Open $998.59 High $998.99 Low $991.37 P/E Ratio 187.41 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 475.4B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $55.66 +0.51 (+0.92%) Volume 5.1M Open $55.25 High $55.89 Low $55.07 P/E Ratio 11.36 Div Yield 4.31 Market Cap 30.4B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,430.06 +18.26 (+0.76%) Volume 2.2B Open 2,416 High 2,430 Low 2,414 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A

Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in news Mike Bloomberg takes lead in ‘defiant’ climate initiative Hillary: Trump unleashes ‘incredibly dangerous’ level of hate Delaware-sized iceberg about to split from Antarctic shelf The word that won this 12-year-old the Spelling Bee crown Dozens suffocated from smoke in Manila resort attack: cops Kellyanne Conway: Nothing will stop Trump from tweeting Trump asks Supreme Court to reinstate travel ban Teacher used hidden cam to take photos up students’ skirts: cops Step-dad arrested after teen girl found dead on side of the road Man sets home on fire to get girlfriend to leave: cops Hungry crooks break into IHOP to grill a few burgers Suspect in resort attack dead of apparent suicide: police Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy ‘I’m going to die’: Slain Uber driver sought help after machete attack By Lia Eustachewich View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) June 1, 2017 | 1:48pm | Updated June 1, 2017 | 2:16pm Modal Trigger Eliza Wasni and Grant Nelson Facebook The doomed Uber driver attacked by a machete-wielding teenage girl desperately sought help after the “heinous” and unprovoked attack, prosecutors said this week in court. “Help me, help me! I’m going to die,” driver Grant Nelson screamed Tuesday as he frantically pushed buzzers in a condominium lobby in Lincolnwood, Ill., Assistant State Attorney Michelle Cunningham said in court, the Chicago Tribune reported. SEE ALSO Teen charged with fatally stabbing her Uber driver 0:0 LINCOLNWOOD, Ill. — A 16-year-old girl was charged Wednesday as... Moments before, prosecutors said, Nelson, 34, picked up Eliza Wasni near a Walmart in Skokie, and just a few minutes into their ride, the teen allegedly began stabbing him with a knife and machete she stole from Walmart. He later died. Wasni, 16, fled in Nelson’s Hyundai Sonata but struck a median and bolted on foot, the prosecutor said. When cops found the girl, she was wearing only a bra and leggings. A bloodstained Chicago Cubs shirt was discovered nearby. Police told her to drop her weapons but “she didn’t acknowledge them,” according to the Chicago Sun-Times. She was then hit with a stun gun and arrested. Cops also found the bloody trail Nelson left while running to the lobby. Nelson told police a passenger had stabbed him before he died at a nearby hospital. Using the Uber app on Nelson’s phone, police determined that a passenger named “Eliza” had been his most recent customer. The teen was also caught on Walmart surveillance video walking around the store with the knife and machete and leaving without paying for them. In the hours before the attack, she’d taken two Uber rides — one to a train station in Des Plaines and another from Des Plaines to Walmart — in violation of the ride-sharing company’s policy that requires passengers to be 18 or older. Wasni, who is charged with first-degree murder, was held without bail after a court appearance Wednesday. The homicide is Lincolnwood’s first in 11 years, officials said. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under murders ,  ride sharing ,  stabbings ,  teens ,  uber Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Vampire bats are terrorizing Brazilians as they sleep Read Next Vampire bats are terrorizing Brazilians as they sleep Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 44,142 How a psychopath is made 43,333 I was a Saudi arms dealer's 'pleasure wife' 41,613 Your meanest friend just wants the best for you, scientists say Now On Alec Baldwin helps raise $5.1M for New Jersey Democrats Megyn Kelly set to interview controversial Infowars host Stars gather to see Jimmy Buffett’s ‘Margaritaville’ musical SEE ALL Video 0:58 Bounty hunters spark deadly shootout in a Texas car dealership Now On 10 Shocking Stories Behind Famous Sex Scenes SEE ALL More Stories page six Kendall Jenner and Cara Delevingne go on 'Sex' adventure Now On Decider Wondering What Happened To Your Favorite Porn Stars From The '90s? nypost How a psychopath is made New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Woman wanted for shoplifting at Grovetown Walmart 3 times - WFXG FOX 54 - News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WFXG FOX 54 News and Weather apps NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News Crime News National News Education News Military News Health News Tech National Politics Entertainment News WEATHER Hurricane season 2017 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS News from the NFL SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Traffic Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Contests Atlanta Bread Breakfast Club Watch, Text, and Win with Jay Jefferies Watch, Text, and Win with Family Feud Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Weather with Jay Community Calendar CSRA Events & Shows ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us Woman wanted for shoplifting at Grovetown Walmart 3 times 2017-06-01T17:38:51Z2017-06-01T17:38:51Z By J. Bryan Randall, Digital Content Manager Email Connect jrandall@wfxg.com Follow @JBRandallWFXG Grovetown Walmart shoplifting suspect (source: Columbia County Sheriff's Office) Grovetown Walmart shoplifting suspect (source: Columbia County Sheriff's Office) Grovetown Walmart shoplifting suspect (source: Columbia County Sheriff's Office) GROVETOWN, GA (WFXG) - The Columbia County Sheriff's Office is asking for your help identifying a woman wanted for reportedly shoplifting at the Grovetown Walmart three times. On May 3 at around 4:36 p.m., the woman pictured in this article was seen placing multiple items into her cart, including power drills, toys, clothing and other household goods. She was wearing a blue hat and black tank top and had a toddler in her cart. She reportedly left the store at around 5:16 p.m. without attempting to pay for any of the items. Loss prevention attempted to stop her but did not pursue beyond the store. The suspect placed the stolen items into an unknown vehicle parked near the store's garden center. Investigators say the same woman, now wearing a UGA hat and red and white floral dress, reentered the Walmart just ten minutes later. She had the same toddler with her. The suspect reportedly filled her cart once again and left the store at around 5:50 p.m. Walmart loss prevention says she stole approximately $800 worth of merchandise. The same woman reportedly came back to the Grovetown Walmart on May 5 at around 6:03 p.m. and attempted to leave without paying for the approximately $300 worth of groceries and other items in her cart. She was stopped by an employee and stayed for a moment in customer service before leaving the store. If you have any information about this case or can identify this woman, please contact the Columbia County Sheriff's Office. Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved. Local NewsMore>> UPDATE: Aiken man arrested for homicide by child abuse, neighbors shocked UPDATE: Aiken man arrested for homicide by child abuse, neighbors shocked Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 10:35 PM EDT2017-06-02 02:35:44 GMT Trevonta Langford, arrested for homicide by child abuse; Source: Aiken County Sheriff's Office The Aiken County Sheriff's Office arrested a man involved in a child's death. The incident happened on March 31st just before 10:30 p.m. More >> The Aiken County Sheriff's Office arrested a man involved in a child's death. The incident happened on March 31st just before 10:30 p.m. More >> UPDATE: Woman cleared in Columbia Co. wallet theft UPDATE: Woman cleared in Columbia Co. wallet theft Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 6:24 PM EDT2017-06-01 22:24:43 GMT Suspect wanted in Columbia County for stealing wallet; Source: Columbia County Sheriff's Office The Columbia County Sheriff's Office has updated an update to this theft. According to the sheriff's office, the woman pictured in this article turned the missing wallet into the VA in Augusta. All the contents of the wallet were accounted for. More >> The Columbia County Sheriff's Office has updated an update to this theft. According to the sheriff's office, the woman pictured in this article turned the missing wallet into the VA in Augusta. All the contents of the wallet were accounted for.More >> 2 injured in shooting on Kershaw St. NE in Aiken 2 injured in shooting on Kershaw St. NE in Aiken Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 5:20 PM EDT2017-06-01 21:20:48 GMT Source: WFXG The Aiken Department of Public is investigating a shooting in Aiken. According to investigators on the scene, a call came in at around 3:30 p.m. for a shooting on the 100 block of Kershaw Street NE.More >> The Aiken Department of Public is investigating a shooting in Aiken. According to investigators on the scene, a call came in at around 3:30 p.m. for a shooting on the 100 block of Kershaw Street NE.More >> Edgefield Co. 911 outage resolved Edgefield Co. 911 outage resolved Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 3:53 PM EDT2017-06-01 19:53:17 GMT (Source: Raycom Media Stock Image) The Aiken County Sheriff's Office has announced that the 911 outage affecting 803-275-XXX numbers in Edgefield County has been resolved. More >> The Aiken County Sheriff's Office has announced that the 911 outage affecting 803-275-XXX numbers in Edgefield County has been resolved.More >> Woman wanted for shoplifting at Grovetown Walmart 3 times Woman wanted for shoplifting at Grovetown Walmart 3 times Updated: Thursday, June 1 2017 1:38 PM EDT2017-06-01 17:38:51 GMT Grovetown Walmart shoplifting suspect (source: Columbia County Sheriff's Office) The Columbia County Sheriff's Office is asking for your help identifying a woman wanted for reportedly shoplifting at the Grovetown Walmart three times in two days. More >> The Columbia County Sheriff's Office is asking for your help identifying a woman wanted for reportedly shoplifting at the Grovetown Walmart three times in two days.More >>    Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments300+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Walmart is asking employees to deliver packages on their way home from work The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Abha Bhattarai By Abha Bhattarai June 1 at 4:22 PM Follow @abhabhattarai A Walmart pickup grocery location in Bentonville, Ark. The retailer has announced that it would expand its offerings by asking employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. (Danny Johnston/AP) BENTONVILLE, ARK. — Walmart’s newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: enlisting its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The idea, Walmart executives said Thursday, is to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers’ homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfillment process. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart’s e-commerce business and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post Thursday afternoon. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.” The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores — two in New Jersey, one in northwest Arkansas — but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Employees will be paid extra for the voluntary program, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. “Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. “There is really strong overlap between where our associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. [Walmart is preparing to take on Amazon. But first, parachuting M&M’s.] Labor experts say the arrangement, a mash-up of sorts between an Uber-style gig economy and traditional employment arrangements, raises a number of questions related to employees having to shoulder much of the risk, cost and liability associated with deliveries. “The practice seems ripe for abuse if the company does not compensate workers for the full cost of their journey, the expenses related to gas, car depreciation, and potential problems like accidents, tickets or parking expenses,” said Stephanie Luce, a labor professor at the City University of New York. “Like other ‘gig economy’ type jobs, there is a potential to benefit workers — but in reality, most of the benefits accrue to the employer, not the employee.” Earlier this year, Walmart — which last year reported $485.9 billion in revenue — said it would raise its hourly minimum wage to $10 for most workers, but activist groups say many employees are still struggling to make ends meet. “Instead of Walmart paying its workers what they deserve for their work, Walmart is merely offering to pay more — for more work,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a campaign run by the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union. “To say this is a voluntary program is like throwing a life preserver to someone drowning in a lake,” he added. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more.” Some Walmart employees were also skeptical of the arrangement, particularly given the lack of specifics. “Without understanding if associates are going to be compensated for gas, additional insurance costs, wear and tear on our cars and the potential risks of delivering packages, this program could be creating problems for associates,” said Cynthia Murray, a Walmart employee in Laurel, Md., who leads the Organization United for Respect Walmart, a workers’ activist group. “While Walmart continues to point to its 1.5 million associates as its advantage over companies like Amazon, we also know that they are not doing enough to support us and our families.” This isn’t the first time Walmart has enlisted others to deliver its goods. Four years ago, executives told Reuters they were toying with the idea of having customers deliver packages to online shoppers in exchange for a discount. The company also partners with ride-sharing services like Uber, Lyft and Deliv to deliver groceries in Phoenix, Denver and Miami. “We think crowdsourcing is a mechanism of the future, and frankly, as you think about the move to driverless [vehicles], that could also make the cost of delivery lower,” Scott Price, chief administrative officer of Walmart International, said Thursday. “The inefficiency of delivery can destroy profitability.” Thursday’s announcement comes as Walmart doubles down on its online business, where sales grew 63 percent in the first quarter of this year. The company — long the country’s largest retailer — has taken aggressive steps in the past year, beginning with its $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com to compete with Amazon.com, which accounts for about 33 percent of the country’s online sales. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the founder of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Walmart has also been rapidly expanding its grocery pickup program, in which shoppers retrieve online orders in the parking lots of a nearby store. More recently, the company has begun offering discounts on certain digital purchases if customers opt to pick them up in-store. In that model, Walmart uses its own trucking fleet to deliver packages to stores, tapping into an existing transportation network. Amazon.com is also making similar efforts to speed up delivery. The Seattle-based company in recent months has leased a fleet of 40 cargo jets, and has developed an Amazon-branded trucking fleet. It also created Amazon Flex, an on-demand network of drivers, similar to Uber or Lyft. Walmart employees, Jariwala said, have delivered hundreds of packages during the past month, fulfilling orders placed on Jet.com, which Walmart acquired last year, as well as Walmart’s own website. Walmart employees can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app, Jariwala said. They can also set size and weight limits on packages. If there are not enough employees to deliver packages, carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said. “This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift.” Sarah Halzack contributed to this report. Read more: Walmart’s plan to pull in customers: Light-up shoes and bacon-shaped pool floats Walmart’s plan to get you in and out of stores faster A man is suing Hershey for ‘under-filling’ his box of Whoppers Meet Marriott’s longest-standing employee: A 79-year-old omelet-maker business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 300+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Abha Bhattarai is a business reporter for The Washington Post. She has previously written for The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Reuters and the St. Petersburg Times. Follow @abhabhattarai 317 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Walmart is asking employees to deliver packages on their way home from work 2 Analysis Why it’s a mistake to compare Trump’s Paris decision to Nicaragua’s 3 Analysis Trump’s reasons for leaving the Paris climate agreement just don’t add up 4 Analysis The ultra-rich are hiding way more money overseas than anyone realized 5 ‘Climate change is real’: CEOs share their disappointment over Trump’s Paris accord exit The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.65% NASDAQ 0.78% Get quote Last Update: 4:53 PM 06/01/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 248% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/1/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 248% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 113% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/1/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Is More Consolidation Coming to the Consumer and Retail Industry? Major acquisition talks make headlines as American Eagle pursues its apparel rival Abercrombie & Fitch, and Kraft-Heinz eyes a mega-deal with Colgate-Palmolive. Asit Sharma (TMFfinosus) Jun 1, 2017 at 12:10PM Reports are surfacing that Abercrombie & Fitch (NYSE:ANF) is in ongoing talks with multiple entities for an acquisition, and that Kraft Heinz (NASDAQ:KHC) is looking to roll another major consumer goods company into its portfolio. In this episode of Industry Focus: Consumer Goods, Vincent Shen and senior Fool.com contributor Asit Sharma take a look at these potential deals -- find out who is looking to buy out the teen-focused apparel brand, and why the leadership behind Kraft Heinz is so eager to pursue another multi-billion dollar acquisition. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on May 30, 2017. Vincent Shen: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. I'm your host, Vincent Shen, and it's Tuesday, May 30th. I hope everyone enjoyed their holiday weekend. If you haven't heard yesterday's special "Behind the Curtain" episode of Industry Focus, check it out to learn more about the team and what it's like in the studio. For today's discussion of potential merger and acquisition activity in the consumer and retail world, I've recruited senior Fool.com contributor Asit Sharma to join the show. Hey, Asit, thanks for calling in. How was your weekend, man? Asit Sharma: It was wonderful, very relaxing, a long four days, the highlight of which, I beat my middle child 15 year old in one-on-one basketball. Chalk one up for Father Time. How about you? Shen: Very nice. I was talking to Austin before the show. We got rained out a few times. I was up in New York. Did you guys have to deal with that at all in North Carolina? Sharma: No. We got a little bit of cloud cover here and there. It was just a gorgeous weekend. So, we escaped some serious rain. It was very pretty. Shen: Alright. I'm glad you had a good weekend and were able to show your son that you still have what it takes in the court. Sharma: I still got it, thanks. Shen: Kicking off our discussion for today, we have recent reports that American Eagle Outfitters (NYSE:AEO) is considering a potential acquisition of its apparel rival, Abercrombie & Fitch. These are both apparel brands focused on teenage and young adult consumers, with stores largely located in malls all across the country. So, retail weakness and headwinds have been in the headlines quite often and discussed on the show. We have a series of bankruptcies from other mall-based chains hit the news recently, including Wet Seal, Aeropostale, American Apparel and BCBG. And with the Coach-Kate Spade deal announced a few weeks ago, we're also seeing some consolidation in the apparel space, as well. So, Asit, there are a lot of moving pieces and potential suitors right now who are pursuing this deal, and I would like to cover this one at a time. To start things off, can you give us a quick rundown of what has been going on in Abercrombie? The stock enjoyed a $7 billion market cap a decade ago, and has since declined to about a tenth of that size. Annual revenue peaked at $4.5 billion. That is down to $3.3 billion last year. What happened? Sharma: One of the things that you and I talked about in regards to retail companies is having a market that's strong enough to pull your product through. Retailers who are focused on the teen segment work with fickle fashion gods. Going back to the weekend briefly, I went with my family and saw the Pirates of the Caribbean. The gods of the sea are fearsome, there's curse after curse, and you have trouble, sitting in the theater, unraveling which curse is directed at whom and how do they break it? But they're nothing compared to the fashion gods, especially where teens are concerned. The fashion gods are brutal. This company has been in an industry in which it enjoyed a long surge of interest in mall-based traffic, and teens propelled that for years. As you and I discussed many times, online has shifted the retail landscape. Mall traffic has disappeared, and Abercrombie & Fitch, along with many of its retail brethren, is locked into long-term operating leases and purchase commitments for material and leases that are based in malls, which are quite expensive, not very lucrative if you're trying to break them. It's stuck in this fixed cost position with that smaller traffic base. On top of that, the company has had to try to move with the fashion trends, and it's been out-hustled by the fashion-forward fast fashion houses like Zara, which have a lower economic footprint, a lighter capital footprint, change their fashions much more quickly. So it's really a victim of a couple of these larger forces. Operationally, the company has done a decent job. It was always somewhat profitable. That profit margin has now declined to near flat. But it's in a fairly liquid position. And a little bit later, we'll get into the differences between liquidity and solvency, which is speaking to Abercrombie & Fitch's long-term future. Basically, we're looking at entrenched trends that this company is trying to battle against with not a bright outlook looking forward. Shen: Thanks, Asit, that's a really great rundown of what the company has been facing. I think, as you mentioned, it's really important to note that Abercrombie & Fitch is not alone in this. We've mentioned some of the other chains that have declared bankruptcy or closed their doors. These are headwinds that a lot of these mall-based stores are facing. Abercrombie, for four years running, the revenue has declined about 6% to 9% each year. I'd like to run down a list of different things that management has tried to do to face declining traffic to its stores, but also the changing trends. It has recently announced that it will be closing dozens of its stores, about 60 of its U.S. locations. In 2014, they tried to rebrand, going from the big logos on its clothes, seeing that now, places like Zara and H&M, these fast fashion houses, they give you less branding and logos on their clothes so that you can design your own style, that seems to be what's popular with their customers. So, rebranding itself a few years ago, changing the look of its fashion. They're trying to market to older shoppers, moving away a little bit from their core teenage base. And they've also recently ousted Mike Jeffries, who was the former CEO who kind of put Abercrombie & Fitch on the map, taking over the brand in the early 90s when it was part of The Limited conglomerate. They've also implemented other changes to its executive team and the board of directors. One thing I will note in terms of bright spots for the company, it's not all bad, in that they have their Hollister business, which is actually, at this point, a bigger part of revenue than the namesake Abercrombie & Fitch brand is. But that has at least managed to maintain flat same-store sales. So, you can see, even in this situation, flat is better than the double-digit same-stores sales declines that they've seen with the Abercrombie brand. They also recently announced a wholesale partnership with Asian e-commerce retailer Zalora, to sell its merchandise, which I thought was an interesting way for the company to expand its international reach.  Next up I want to establish a little bit of a timeline for what we know so far regarding the buyout process, and the negotiations that are going on between Abercrombie & Fitch and the potential buyers. On May 9th, the company confirmed that it has employed an investment bank to help navigate buyout talks with multiple interested parties. The following day, some initial reports indicated that at least two of the interested buyers for Abercrombie & Fitch were American Eagle and Express (NYSE:EXPR). In the meantime, Abercrombie shares initially jumped over 12% on the news, before gradually losing those gains until an update made headlines last week. Last week, May 24th, there was news from American Eagle, which not only was still interested in a deal, but it may be presenting a joint offer with Cerberus Capital, which is a private equity fund known for its interest in these distressed businesses. I think it would be fair to say Abercrombie is part of that category.  So, the named suitors we have so far potentially negotiating this deal include Express, American Eagle, and Cerberus, and there are likely other entities as well. Express -- just a breakdown of who some of these potential suitors are -- is actually a smaller business than Abercrombie. It has a market cap of just over $600 million, Abercrombie is about $850 million. The revenue in Express' most recent fiscal year was $2.2 billion. Abercrombie's was closer to about $3.3 billion. So, if the companies were to agree to a deal, it would be more so a merger of equals, with a combination of probably cash and stock-based consideration. But, if I were a gambling man, I would have to put my chips on American Eagle and Cerberus rather than this deal, just because I think they have the more substantial resources, and also the aesthetic and branding fit that's more complementary between the two brands. Asit, if you're an American Eagle shareholder and you see this news, how are you thinking about this acquisition and evaluating it? Sharma: I think you're pleased. If you're an American Eagle shareholder, then you, too, have seen the ravages of the retail industry in recent years, especially if you've held the stock for quite a while. But, looking at American Eagle's balance sheet, the company has around $225 million worth of cash. It's liquid. What does liquidity mean? Liquidity means that you have enough current assets on hand to cover your short-term obligations. It's also solvent, meaning that American Eagle doesn't have a lot of debt. However, because that profit margin has declined in recent years, I think last year's net profit margin was just over 5%, the company isn't really throwing off enough cash flow to cover its own operations, grow its business, and then take over an Abercrombie & Fitch. So, you must be pleased that this very deep-pocketed private equity firm, Cerberus Capital, is stepping in. Without that, it's going to be a tough deal for American Eagle.  Looking at the market capitalization, Vince, you mentioned that Abercrombie's market cap is down to about $850 million. That looks sort of doable if you only look at the market cap. But American Eagle needs this private investor because there's more to the price tag of Abercrombie than meets the eye. Abercrombie has about $2.2 billion worth of long-term commitments. These are those operating store leases that I spoke about, and also materials purchased obligations for their inventory. That's a pretty big balance that you have to add on to the market cap, because whoever buys this company is on the hook for those obligations. When you look at total value, enterprise value, it's over about $3 billion, somewhere between $3 billion to $4 billion, once you consider some type of premium for the shares. Hooking up with a very well-resourced private equity group will help American Eagle not just acquire the company, but have the resources to realize the synergies that you mentioned, the fact that the product lines are similar, much more complementary than an Express and an Abercrombie. So, I think you have to be feeling pretty good if you are an American Eagle shareholder. But still, this larger question looms -- once you can buy into .these two companies, the same problem still exists. They have to find a way to reinvent themselves as a merged-up entity. What are your thoughts, Vince, on how these two companies potentially can combine and make something better out of these two parts?  Shen: I've been thinking about some of the synergies, always a buzzword behind a deal like this, in terms of what these companies can realize. Definitely, the obvious benefits that jump to mind for any deal of this nature, where you have that larger scale, which gives the combined company stronger negotiating power, be it with its suppliers and its vendors. You have the opportunity to merge production facilities and corporate functions like finance and marketing, etc. to reduce costs. Also, this idea kind of reminds me of the Coach and Kate Spade's, operating in a similar space but ultimately diversifying the business with more than one established brand in the portfolio. Here, you would add Hollister and Abercrombie & Fitch to that portfolio for American Eagle. They also have their Todd Snyder and Tailgate stores, very small parts of their business but they're clearly trying to branch out and diversify the different storefronts that they have. It also seems to me like Abercrombie has been a bit more of a significant international presence that can be leveraged for American Eagle further abroad, not only with that Zalora deal that I mentioned earlier, but for a sales revenue breakdown, Abercrombie & Fitch international business was about 36% of total revenue, whereas American Eagle, what I could find, it's about 15% of their company operated stores are international locations, so most likely a smaller footprint. And for Cerberus to be looking at it, from their end, you get two well-known brands that, arguably, this is their business that they can help return to favor with consumers with, potentially, the right rebranding, cost cuts for profitability, and as you mentioned in terms of those deep pockets, Cerberus has about $50 billion or so in assets under management, giving it the pocketbook it needs to really pursue this deal.  But, all in all, in terms of final thoughts for this, considering the bleak outlook that we've mentioned for Abercrombie & Fitch in terms of some of its comparable sales and trends and the headwinds that it faces, I think that even at some of the current depressed trading levels, a lot of investors have to wonder whether the ultimate buyer is getting that good of a deal, whether it's Express or American Eagle or someone else. I think it's understandable that the market has been a little skeptical. American Eagle's stock has been pushed down with these deal rumors. I think a lot of people would also be skeptical to buy into a business that seems increasingly out of touch as you have some of those fast fashion houses stealing market share, and as malls continue to lose foot traffic. Do you take a more bullish view in terms of the overall benefits that these two companies have together? Or do you think you also have a similarly more skeptical view in terms of whether or not this will actually pan out well for both of the entities involved? Sharma: Vince, I have a slight sliver of optimism when I think about this deal. I'm skeptical about the industry. I'm skeptical about the market demand and these high fixed costs that both companies face, if we look at the deal being Abercrombie merging up with American Eagle backed by Cerberus. But, this private equity group is well-resourced, but contrary to what might appear on the surface, the company Cerberus is looking at a number of deals, and they have a great track record of extracting value for shareholders. They don't base the deal coming into it and helping out American Eagle on some projected numbers that the two companies can create together. They look at the deal according to their own internal rate of return, and they usually don't proceed with these types of deals until they think that, with this action plan, we'll work with management, we think we can hit our internal targets and get our value out in the deal. So, it's sort of a strong vote of confidence. That's why I have a slight bit of optimism. They're not going to pull their money into this merger and watch it sit. They will be a very active partner to make sure that value does get extracted, which will benefit current shareholders of both firms. I still think it's going to be an uphill climb, but I have a little bit of this optimistic feeling that value will be created. Shen: Thank you, Asit, for bringing this up, in terms of the internal rate of return that all these private equity funds and firms will have before they look to invest in any deal like this. It's important to note that and, the idea that the vote of confidence that it provides. My last point before we move on to our next potential M&A deal is with American Eagle, for their business overall, something to highlight is that while their comps haven't suffered quite as much as Abercrombie & Fitch, and they're also seeing maybe 1% or single-digit declines in their comps during certain periods, but a big point of growth for them is their Aerie offshoot brand. It will be interesting to watch, if this deal goes through, how they can combine some of their more stable and high-growth brands and business with the struggles that we've seen from the portfolio brands at Abercrombie & Fitch. But, making sure we have enough time to cover our next topic.  We know that Abercrombie is fielding acquisition offers. Our next company, Kraft Heinz, which is the $110 billion food and beverage company, actually appears to be shopping. Back in February, the company put up a massive $143 billion offer to combine with the Europe-based Unilever in what would have been one of the biggest deals in history. That would put major staples like Heinz Ketchup, Kraft Mac & Cheese, Jell-O, Breyers Ice Cream, Lipton tea, and Axe Body Spray all under the same roof. The $50 per share offer presented a 17% premium for Unilever, but the company soundly rejected the deal. And even if the two companies were able to agree on terms, the regulatory scrutiny would have been pretty intense due to their size and their overlapping geographic areas and businesses. But since February, after the Unilever deal fell through, Kraft Heinz have been planning its next move. Asit, before we talk about another deal that could be in the works, could you give us a little bit of background on who runs the show at Kraft Heinz, and why they seem so eager to close another acquisition? Sharma: Sure. Kraft Heinz is really aggressively managed and invested in by 3G Capital. This is a Brazilian investment firm which has its roots, decades ago, in three Brazilian partners, of which Jorge Lemann is probably the most visible and well-known. These investors started with small conglomerates back in Brazil. Listeners will be very familiar with Anheuser-Busch Inbev. The company Inbev was a Brazilian beer company, and through a series of mergers, it's become the largest beer brewer in the world. As our listeners know, the company acquired SABMiller at the end of last year, and now there's nothing left for Anheuser-Busch to do in terms of acquisition, except maybe look outside of the beer industry. This is a good example of how 3G Capital operates. They love to build firms up through mergers, and have a certain playbook that they implement. This playbook is usually isolating a company which is not very well-managed with just mediocre margins. They'll acquire that company and then cut costs dramatically. They did that by reducing headcount, reworking the supply chain, by implementing something called zero-based budgeting, which means that every year, instead of looking at last year's budget, you create it from scratch to see what your costs really are, and execute accordingly.  So, they increased the value of the company, but they're really not that concerned about growing revenues. To me, that's actually a harder thing to do in the business world. It's one thing to find a company that's doesn't operate quite as smoothly as it should and optimize it. But to actually increase sales is a harder task. So, what many investors have noted about 3G Capital is their tendency, after they optimize the cost side of a company, to go in and make another acquisition. It's been a very good vehicle for investment return. Another prominent one of their initiatives was the acquisition of the old Burger King brand, taking that from a private company back to a public company, merging that with Tim Hortons, and slowly trying to take over the quick-service side of the food industry. That, in a nutshell, is how 3G Capital operates. They and longtime partner and financier Warren Buffett love to do deals together. 3G provides the operational aspects and some of the capital, and Uncle Warren lends billions of dollars usually in preferred stock. And it's been a very successful formula. So, here we have Kraft Heinz, which was created by these partners. They are now trying to figure out, we've optimized Kraft Heinz. What else can we acquire? This is where their latest target, Colgate-Palmolive (NYSE:CL), comes into the picture Shen: Rumors of another 3G-backed deal have been floating around since late last year, when the company began raising funding, about $10 billion worth for a consumer goods company, according to people who were close to the matter. You mentioned Colgate-Palmolive as the new potential candidate. The company, though, at least in relation to Kraft Heinz, has no food or beverage business that would mesh with Kraft, on top of its well-known toothpaste and personal care products, unless you count the dog and cat food business. So, why do you think Colgate-Palmolive is now in the crosshairs for 3G? Sharma: This is not just a great question for the podcast, Vince. This is a great philosophical question. Why on Earth would this company turn its attention to a totally different industry within consumer goods? I think the philosophical answer is that at some point, this particular business model that 3G employs, if you cannot improve revenue, you have to look somewhere, and I think they're out of options. There are only so many giant food conglomerates that are similar to Kraft Heinz that you can purchase. Mondelez International, which is, ironically, the old Kraft company, keeps coming up in conversation. That's a merger which may or may not occur in the future. There just aren't a lot of companies in the multi-billion market cap range that would make it worth their while. So, they have to look outside of their current wheelhouse. Colgate is an interesting option. You can't get deal synergies from complementary products, but you can diversify your revenue. So that's one optimistic way to look at this -- they're broadening out their product face and insulating themselves against possible future declines in their condiment and packaged foods business. Shen: OK, that makes sense to me. I figured the diversifying aspect of it would be a key part of why Colgate-Palmolive is attractive. Another part that comes through is, they were recently rejected in that huge deal offer to Unilever, whereas with Colgate-Palmolive, they have a management team that seems quite happy to consider a sale of its company. I have a note here from CEO Ian Cook, who's reported to have stated his interest in selling the company at about $100 a share. That's a more than 30% premium to current trading levels. Ultimately, with a lot of the bigger names like you mentioned in these sectors, these huge portfolio companies are often dealing with stagnant or declining revenue. 3G Capital actually isn't the only company that's looking at Colgate-Palmolive, since there are reports that the company is considering a big move like selling itself. Unilever and Johnson & Johnson have also been named as potential suitors. To close us out, any final takeaways from you, Asit, in terms of the way that 3G Capital operates, but also what the deal might look like with Kraft Heinz and Colgate-Palmolive? Obviously, details right now are scarce. A lot of this is actually just breaking this morning and in the past day. Any final thoughts or takeaways? Sharma: My final thoughts are, this company, Kraft Heinz, has extremely deep pockets, and they have financing on the side with Warren Buffett whenever they want it. So, they could pay the premium, and pay the $100 that Colgate-Palmolive wants. One not very fun aspect of the deal for Kraft Heinz is that they would like to find companies that have a much lower operating margin than they do and optimize that. Unilever would have been a great deal, because Unilever's operating margins are only around 14%, whereas Kraft Heinz's operating margin is about 23.5%. Looking at Colgate-Palmolive, their operating margin is already 25.5%, so there's not a lot of great work there to do in terms of the cost-cutting we talked about. However, final thought, and I've said this on the show many times, but I'm going to keep repeating it because it's a bit of a hard concept, when you are an acquiring company, you want to look for a target which has a lower enterprise value to EBITDA value to yours. That means the total value of the company divided by its earnings. If that multiple is lower than yours, there's some value creation that can happen afterwards. In this case, Kraft Heinz has a current EV to EBITDA value of just over 19. Colgate's EV to EBITDA is about 16.5. So, there's something in there for this very sharp management team at Kraft Heinz to work with. Like you said, they have the funds, we very well may see this deal go through, and this conglomerate only grow bigger in the near future. Shen: Thanks a lot, Asit. Both of these deals, for Abercrombie and Kraft Heinz, are developing. As we get more details, or if something gets locked down and finalized, we will happily revisit and provide some more input in terms of what the final valuation came out to, and things along those lines. But, thanks, Fools, for listening. You can reach out to us and the rest of the Industry Focus crew via Twitter @MFIndustryFocus, or send any questions to industryfocus@fool.com. Don't forget to check out podcasts.fool.com to hear our other shows. People on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear during the program. Fool on! Asit Sharma has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Anheuser-Busch InBev NV, Johnson & Johnson, and Twitter. The Motley Fool recommends Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Asit Sharma (TMFfinosus) Midnight oil burners, unite! A CPA and CMA with a deep interest in business strategy, I also hold a Master's degree in English Literature from NYU. When I'm not thinking finance, I'm often reading: novels, poetry, and recently, the Panama Papers. You can find me on twitter here: Follow @asitmap Article Info Jun 1, 2017 at 12:10PM Consumer Goods Stocks Abercrombie & Fitch NYSE:ANF $13.75 up $0.56 (4.25%) Colgate-Palmolive NYSE:CL $76.69 up $0.33 (0.43%) American Eagle Outfitters NYSE:AEO $11.62 up $0.12 (1.04%) Express NYSE:EXPR $6.27 down $-1.49 (-19.20%) The Kraft Heinz Company NASDAQ:KHC $92.73 up $0.53 (0.57%) Read More The 3 Best Dividend Stocks in Casinos and Gaming Lululemon Athletica Sees Bottom-Line Gains, Moves ivivva Online Why Dollar General Corp. Stock Was Gaining Today 3 Dividend Stocks for Smart Investors 5 Great Reasons to Sell Michael Kors Holdings Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Is More Consolidation Coming to the Consumer and Retail Industry? @themotleyfool #stocks $ANF, $CL, $AEO, $EXPR, $KHC
You are the owner of this youtube. Edit Youtube Add New Youtube Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Examiner Hillsborough Beacon Hopewell Valley News Independent News Transcript Sentinel EB Sentinel E/M Sentinel N/SB Suburban The Atlantic Hub The Cranbury Press The Princeton Packet Tri Town News Windsor-Hights Herald Sports Examiner Hillsborough Beacon Hopewell Valley News Independent News Transcript Sentinel EB Sentinel E/M Sentinel N/SB Suburban The Atlantic Hub The Cranbury Press The Princeton Packet Tri Town News Windsor-Hights Herald Opinions Examiner Hillsborough Beacon Hopewell Valley News Independent News Transcript Sentinel EB Sentinel E/M Sentinel N/EB Suburban The Atlantic Hub The Cranbury Press The Princeton Packet Tri Town News Windsor-Hights Herald Obituaries Business Local Shops Newswire Contests TimeOFF Dining Reviews Theater Reviews Calendar Lifestyle Health Socials Blogs Photos Videos Special Sections Classifieds Post a Classified Ad Post Obituaties Jobs Real Estate Items For Sale At Your Service Contacts Submit News e-Newsletter Advertise Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Search CARS HOMES JOBS ADVERTISE Toggle navigation Home News Examiner Hillsborough Beacon Hopewell Valley News Independent News Transcript Sentinel EB Sentinel E/M Sentinel N/SB Suburban The Atlantic Hub The Cranbury Press The Princeton Packet Tri Town News Windsor-Hights Herald Sports Examiner Hillsborough Beacon Hopewell Valley News Independent News Transcript Sentinel EB Sentinel E/M Sentinel N/SB Suburban The Atlantic Hub The Cranbury Press The Princeton Packet Tri Town News Windsor-Hights Herald Opinions Examiner Hillsborough Beacon Hopewell Valley News Independent News Transcript Sentinel EB Sentinel E/M Sentinel N/EB Suburban The Atlantic Hub The Cranbury Press The Princeton Packet Tri Town News Windsor-Hights Herald Obituaries Business Local Shops Newswire Contests TimeOFF Dining Reviews Theater Reviews Calendar Lifestyle Health Socials Blogs Photos Videos Special Sections Classifieds Post a Classified Ad Post Obituaties Jobs Real Estate Items For Sale At Your Service contributed American Insurance Helps Veterans Find New Careers May 30, 2017 Updated 11 hrs ago 0 Inspired by the Walmart “Greenlight A Vet™” program, American Insurance Services Agency is hosting an event for veterans on June 6, 5-8 p.m. at the Clark American Legion that will give them an opportunity to meet New Jersey insurance agents and executives. American Insurance has invited members from the New Jersey Agency Network, a network of 40+ insurance agencies in New Jersey, to meet with veterans at the event. For more information, visit www.americanins.com As featured on Careers Information Open House for Veterans on June 6 A network of more than 40 insurance agencies across New Jersey is launching a program to pro… × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Special Event Wednesday, June 07, 2017 New Jersey Events Calendar Taste of Mercer County, Presented By Mrs. G Savor and explore Mrs. G's with A Taste of Mercer County! June 7th. Read more Contests Win 2 tickets to see: The Glass Menagerie: 6/17 & 18 Win 6 tickets for Trenton Thunder baseball game on 6/26 Win 2 tickets to see 42nd Street at Kelsey Theatre: 7/21 & 22 Win 4 ticket to any The Somerset Patriots game in 2017! employmentweeklymagazine.com EMPLOYMENT WEEKLY - SEARCH MORE JOBS Photos +14 Allentown Lacrosse – May 25, 2017 +14 Latest News HOPEWELL: School board introduces policy for 'green' cleaning products HILLSBOROUGH: Elementary school counselor named top in her field in Somerset County PRINCETON: Lawsuit claims negligence in drowning death at Community Park Pool PRINCETON: School board, teachers near a deal on contract extension MONTGOMERY: Petition circulating against moving graduation indoors PRINCETON: Public school nurses can now administer opioid antidote CENTRAL JERSEY: Gubernatorial, legislative races on primary day MONTGOMERY: School board reverses initial decision, renews teacher Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on! Submit Most Popular Articles Images Commented Articles Gordon David Sterling, 67 State funding expected for projects in Upper Freehold Regional School District HOPEWELL: Borough prepares for Memorial Day celebration PRINCETON: Ex-Army Ranger to be grand marshal of Memorial Day parade LOOSE ENDS: Reinventing Princeton's plans for the future Marijuana warehouse shut down in Metuchen A voice for the voiceless: Middle school teacher among finalists for 'Social Justice Activist of the Year' award HOPEWELL BOROUGH: Johnson should win the Democratic primary Freehold Memorial Day plans include service, parade Memorial Day message: Sacrifice for freedom (with multiple photos) Images Commented Police Blotter for the week of 5/12/17 (8) HOPEWELL TOWNSHIP: Committee passes $23.4 million budget for 2017 (6) HILLSBOROUGH: Township should join other 'sanctuary cities' (3) PRINCETON: Public input still needed on parking survey (3) PRINCETON: Another racism incident surfaces within school district (3) Replacement finally complete: Route 518 bridge has now reopened (3) HILLSBOROUGH: $128.1 million school budget unanimously approved (2) Grants will fund new pavilion, green team exposure (1) PRINCETON: Council close to vote on affordable housing deal (1) Marijuana should not be legalized for tax revenue (1) Featured Events Welcome the Summer Season at Resorts Casino Hotel Hot Summer Fun Events May 26th through September 4th Friday, June 2nd, 2017 @ 12:00 pm Summer is a season of non-stop excitement at Resorts Casino Hotel’s annual Hot Summer Fun ev… Read more Hunterdon County HOG's Annual Charity Ride Saturday, June 3rd, 2017 — all day Join the Hunterdon County HOG's in making the Annual Charity ride a success!  This year's ri… Read more Hunterdon County HOG's Annual Charity Ride Saturday, June 3rd, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 4:00 pm Saturday, June 3, 2017 (Rain date Sunday, June 4, 2017).  If it looks like rain, please call… Read more Keyport GardenWalk Saturday, June 3rd, 2017 @ 11:00 am – 3:00 pm Keyport GardenWalk, June 3rd and 4th, 2017 is a free, self-guided walking/biking tour of 40+… Read more Sankara Eye Foundation presents "Andaz Mera Nirala" - A Live Golden Era Music Concert Saturday, June 3rd, 2017 @ 4:00 pm – 7:00 pm Join us for a​ Live Golden Era Music Concert  with a Unique Audio-Visual Presentation by:San… Read more Upcoming Events Jun 1 Nature Summer Camp at Plainsboro Preserve Thu, Jun 1, 2017 @ 9:00 am Jun 1 The Jewish Heritage Museum of Monmouth County Presents Spring and Summer Traveling History Exhibits Thu, Jun 1, 2017 @ 9:00 am Jun 1 Bluebird Box Nest Watchers at Plainsboro Preserve Thu, Jun 1, 2017 @ 9:00 am Jun 1 Music and Merlot Thu, Jun 1, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Jun 1 Thursday Wine and Music Thu, Jun 1, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Jun 1 Saturday Night Fever at Walnut Street Theatre Thu, Jun 1, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Featured events are $10! Submit An Event If you have an event you'd like to list here, submit it now! Submit Thanks for signing up! Newsletter Sign Up! Sign up to get interesting news, events and updates delivered to your inbox. Email Address First Name Last Name Sign Up By submitting this form, you are granting: CentralJersey.com, 300 Witherspoon St, Princeton, New Jersey, 08540, United States, http://www.centraljersey.com permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Featured Businesses A-1 Limousine Service Inc 2 Emmons Dr, Princeton, NJ 08540 609-951-0070 More Info The Community Christian Choir 4091 S BROAD STREET, TRENTON, NJ 08650 609-587-7076 More Info The Princeton Villager Astrologer 26 1/2 Witherspoon St, Princeton, NJ 08542 609-924-0992 More Info Princeton Recreation Department 380 Witherspoon Street, Princeton, NJ 08540 609-921-9480 More Info Terhune Orchards 330 Cold Soil Rd, Princeton, NJ 08540 609-924-2310 More Info Mrs. G Tv & Appliances 2720 U S 1 Business, Lawrence Township, NJ 08648 609-882-1444 Events More Info Peridot Art Studio 1149 Route 601, Skillman, NJ 08558 908-285-5331 Events More Info Redding's Plumbing Heating & Air Conditioning 234 Nassau St, Princeton, NJ 08542 609-924-0166 More Info Princeton Air Conditioning, Inc. 39 Everett Drive, Princeton Junction, NJ 08550 609-454-6325 More Info MUSIC & MOVEMENT Weitz Music Studio 4091 S BROAD STREET, TRENTON, NJ 08650 609-587-7076 More Info Kelsey Theater 1200 Old Trenton Rd, Princeton Junction, NJ 08550 609-584-9444 Events More Info Stony Brook Millstone Watershed 31 Titus Mill Rd, Pennington, NJ 08534 609-737-3735 Events More Info AdMarket At Your Service Sections Home News Sports Lifestyle Opinion TimeOFF Business Calendar Classifieds Print Editions ------------------------------- Contact Us Advertise Submit News Post an Obituary Post a Classified ad Place an announcement About Us RSS Our Newspapers Examiner Hillsborough Beacon Hopewell Valley News Independent News Transcript Sentinel East Brunswick Sentinel Edison/Metuchen Sentinel North/South Brunswick Suburban The Atlantic Hub The Cranbury Press The Princeton Packet Tri-Town News Windsor-Hights Herald Contact Information centraljersey.com 198 Route 9 N, Suite 100 Manalapan, NJ 07726 Phone: 609-924-3244 or 732-358-5200 Email: feedback@centraljersey.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 Packet Media LLC, 198 Route 9 N, Suite 100 Manalapan, NJ | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Search News Morning Twist Music Sports Events NOLA Marketplace About Sections 75° Low: 72° High: 83° Fri Scattered Thunderstorms 73° 80° Sat Thunderstorms 73° 82° Sun Thunderstorms 73° 83° See Complete Forecast Severe Weather Alert 75° Replay: News With A Twist at 10pm Tide to give away free samples at Metairie Walmart Supercenter on June 4 Posted: 11:40 a.m., June 1, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Print Please enable Javascript to watch this video METAIRIE - Walmart and Tide want you to get up to speed with the "new school" way to do laundry. Bridgette Duplantis with the Experimental Mommy blog will be at the Walmart Supercenter at 8912 Veterans Blvd. on Sunday, June 4, to give away free samples of Tide products. The event begins at 1 p.m. and you will be able to get your free samples and coupons through 6 p.m. For more information, check out ExperimentalMommy.com. 29.984092 -90.152852 Related Stories Walmart announces guaranteed pay for military workers Copperhead snake bites man inside Arkansas Walmart Firefighters make a dream come true for Walmart greeter Authors: WGNO Web Desk Filed in: NOLA Marketplace Topics: Metairie, Tide, veterans, Walmart 75 Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel More from WGNO Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App facebook twitter instagram pinterest Email Alerts About & Contact Screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1 Galleria Blvd., Suite 850 Metairie, LA 70001 • Copyright © 2017, WGNO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, June 02, 2017, 2:01 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Wal-Mart details execs' pay, awards Wal-Mart’s total includes awards By Arkansas Democrat-Gazette This article was published May 28, 2017 at 3:00 a.m. AP Photo/Julio Cortez Shoppers looks for holiday deals in the toy section last year at a Teterboro, N.J. Wal-Mart. Comments aAFont Size Wal-Mart Stores Inc. revealed the compensation packages for its top executives in April, showing an increase in pay for Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon and details regarding new U.S. e-commerce chief Marc Lore's financial agreement with the company. McMillon earned $23.4 million in total compensation for fiscal 2017, according to proxy materials filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. McMillon's compensation was a 19 percent increase from a year ago when he earned $19.6 million. The compensation included a base salary of $1.28 million, which was a slight increase from a year ago. McMillon also received about $22 million in other compensation, including $15.2 million in stock awards and $4.85 million in nonequity incentive plan payment. McMillon's total compensation wasn't the largest listed among Wal-Mart's five named executives. Lore, who joined the company after the acquisition of Jet.com last year, received $243.9 million in total compensation during the fiscal year. Much of the compensation was in stock awards connected to Wal-Mart's $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com. Lore, who was the founder and largest shareholder and CEO of Jet.com, received 3.5 million shares of restricted stock as part of the acquisition. If not for the restricted shares, Lore's compensation package would've been about $7.6 million. According to the proxy, Wal-Mart is obligated to pay Lore about $397 million over a five-year period subsequent to the closing date of the acquisition. "In order to be entitled to these payments, Mr. Lore generally must continue to be employed by Walmart through the various payment dates," the proxy said. "However, if Walmart terminates Mr. Lore's employment without cause, or Mr. Lore resigns for good reason, Mr. Lore would continue to be entitled to the remaining payments in accordance with the payment schedule." Wal-Mart reported $485.9 billion in revenue for fiscal 2017, which was an increase from $482.1 billion the previous year. But the company's profits fell 7.2 percent to $13.6 billion, largely because of hefty investments in employees, technology and e-commerce growth. In addition to McMillon and Lore, Wal-Mart International Chief Executive Officer David Cheesewright earned $11.7 million in total compensation for the fiscal year. Greg Foran, the company's U.S. stores chief, earned $11.5 million, while Wal-Mart chief financial officer Brett Biggs earned $6.3 million. The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette follows a formula developed by The Associated Press that reflects amounts identified in proxy statements that are actually paid to executives. Approval of the executive compensation will be part of the company's agenda for its annual shareholders meeting, which will be held Friday at Bud Walton Arena on the University of Arkansas campus in Fayetteville. Eleven directors will be up for election during the meeting: McMillon, Steuart Walton, James Cash Jr., Timothy Flynn, Carla Harris, Thomas Horton, Marissa Mayer, Greg Penner, Steven Reinemund, Kevin Systrom and Rob Walton. Harris, who has served as the vice chairman of wealth management for Morgan Stanley since August 2013, is a new nominee. Linda Wolf is retiring from the board. Pamela Craig will not stand for re-election after the board recently determined that she is not independent within the term under the New York Stock Exchange listed company rules. Wal-Mart said in its proxy that Craig's brother-in-law was promoted to executive officer of a supplier to Wal-Mart. Payments from Wal-Mart account for more than 2 percent of the supplier's annual consolidated gross revenue. It's the second straight year that Wal-Mart shareholders will vote on a smaller number of nominees for board positions. Last year, the company trimmed its board from 15 members to 12 members to stay more nimble and keep pace with the changing retail landscape. This year it is nominating 11, but it won't necessarily remain at 11. "They'll be exploring whether or not to go back to 12 as part of the ongoing emphasis of board refreshment succession planning," Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove said. Wal-Mart also said it will consider three shareholder proposals: A request to adopt an independent board chairman policy, a request to provide proxy access for shareholder nominees for election to the board, and a request for an independent director with environmental expertise. The company recommends shareholders vote against each shareholder proposal. NW Business on 05/28/2017 Print Headline: Retailer antes up $23.4 million for CEO Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Personal shoppers help Wal-Mart expand online... Wal-Mart tests convenience store Wal-Mart details execs' pay, awards Wal-Mart tests Scan and Go app Sam's Club shows off brand reinvention Business news in brief On the Agenda BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas INCORPORATIONS Comments on: Wal-Mart details execs' pay, awards To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Video of Trump as decapitated costs comic Kathy Griffin jobs (22 comments) At home, Trump faces growing inquiries (61 comments) VIDEO: Trump pulling U.S. from global climate pact, upsetting allies (16 comments) CNN cuts ties with Kathy Griffin over severed head video (36 comments) Putin denies involvement in hacking, praises Trump (10 comments) BRENDA LOOPER: An uncivil war (26 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 78° Broken Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Dramatic decline Updated: June 01, 2017 - 5:57 am LIHUE — Two of Kauai’s endangered seabird species are in peril, according to a study released Wednesday by the Kauai Endangered Seabird Recovery Project. Comments (3) Scooby to the rescue Updated: June 01, 2017 - 7:47 am KALAHEO — Ronnie Dotario was in the bathroom Friday morning, minding his own business, when he was alarmed by his 5-year-old beagle, Scooby, who wouldn’t stop pestering him. Comments (0) Recent Donut you wish for more Auditor’s office, overtime cut from spending plan Villages at Poipu Phase I at center of decades-long controversy Child critically injured following Anahola crash Kline honored for teaching excellence Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Tati in Fiji finals; Hamilton eliminated Posted: June 01, 2017 - 1:00 am FIJI — Kauai’s Tatiana Weston-Webb reached the final of the Outerknown Fiji Women’s Pro. She will face Courtney Conlogue in the final heat. Comments (0) Sales nervous at opener Posted: June 01, 2017 - 1:00 am KALAHEO — Coach Clarence Sales said he still gets nervous whenever he gets to the gym. Comments (0) Recent Mokihana makes splash on Maui Rifle coach certification class coming Soul Surfer heads to Round 3 Kaui brothers win medals again Barriga tries out wrestling Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Prepare now for hurricane season Posted: May 31, 2017 - 12:05 am Thursday is the official start of hurricane season in the central Pacific region, which includes Hawaii. We have just one suggestion: Be ready, because they are coming. The old adage better safe than sorry certainly works here. Comments (1) Births for Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Posted: May 30, 2017 - 12:00 am Births for April 17-26, 2017 Comments (0) Recent Celebrating the Kalapaki and Nawiliwili areas Talk Story with Gilles Larrain Physicist Dr. Edward Teller speaks on Kauai I scream, you scream, your skin screams for sunscreen A mysterious memo, suspicious partners Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest The music lives on! Posted: May 26, 2017 - 1:15 am Kauai Voices will present “Classics II — The Music Lives On!” next weekend. Comments (0) The Kitchen at Papaya’s Posted: May 26, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — A pair of tacos from The Kitchen at Papaya’s Natural Foods is a perfect way to grind after a salty day in the sunshine. Comments (1) Recent Workday party Let the vinyl years play on Island Calendar for Friday, May 26, 2017 TGIFr!day for May 26, 2017 ‘Sweet’ success Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News National APNewsBreak: Ohio State attacker faulted 'moderate' Muslims Story Comments Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Thursday, June 1, 2017 5:24 am APNewsBreak: Ohio State attacker faulted 'moderate' Muslims Associated Press | 0 comments COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — The man responsible for a car-and-knife attack at Ohio State University last year left behind a torn-up note in which he urged his family to stop being "moderate" Muslims and said he was upset by fellow Muslims being oppressed in Myanmar, The Associated Press has learned. Abdul Razak Ali Artan also told his parents in the note, reassembled by investigators, that he "will intercede for you in the day of Judgment," according to the investigative case file of the attack obtained through an open records request. "My family stop being moderate muslims," says a transcription of the handwritten note made by investigators and found by Artan's bed in his family's apartment. "Oh! Ummah we are not moderate muslims, we are muslims," the note continues, using the word referring to the Muslim community. Artan also wrote: "In the end, I would like to say that I pledge my allegiance to 'dawla,'" an Arabic word that means state or country and a likely reference to the Islamic State group. "May Allah bless them." He concludes by saying he's leaving his property to his beloved "but yet 'moderate mother.'" Artan's family was mystified by that note, which caused them a great deal of anguish, said Bob Fitrakis, a Columbus attorney representing the family. To this day, the family has no idea why Artan took those actions, he said Thursday. "The family is mystified by what happened. They're absolutely clueless," Fitrakis said. The 18-year-old Artan was shot and killed by an Ohio State officer moments after driving into a crowd on Nov. 28 and then attacking people with a knife. The records show Artan asked to drop all his classes at Ohio State on Nov. 16, saying he had "No regrets whatsoever." In a series of Facebook rants previously reported, Artan nursed grievances against the US. "If you want us Muslims to stop carrying lone wolf attacks, then make peace" with the Islamic State group, he warned in those posts in which he also railed against U.S. intervention in Muslim lands. Artan posted those comments at 9:49 a.m. on Nov. 28, just three minutes before the attack began, according to an unclassified FBI report showing the time line of the attack that was released through the open records request. One of his brothers saw those comments and tried too late to contact him, thinking maybe it was a joke or his account had been hacked, Fitrakis said. That timeline and other FBI records also show that Artan went to Washington, D.C. a few days before the attack where he also made unidentified purchases at a Walmart. The family didn't realize he'd traveled there, has no idea why he went, and urges anyone with information about that trip to contact authorities, Fitrakis said. The day before the attack, Artan left his job at a nearby Home Depot, saying he was tired, a co-worker told investigators. This was unusual, "as he never left early from work," the co-worker said. Artan had told the co-worker several times that fall he was disgruntled with school and wanted to drop out, according to the records. The morning of the attack, Artan bought a set of knives, a tomato and a cucumber at 7:20 a.m. at a Walmart on the west side of Columbus. The "suspect was pleasant and very polite during the checkout process," the Walmart cashier later told investigators. Artan wanted to buy a chicken breast as well but didn't have enough money, the file said. At 7:50 a.m., Artan dropped his sister at a high school near their home on the city's west side. He paid a brother $40 he owed him around 9:30 a.m., when the brother last saw him, according to FBI records. After arriving on campus, Artan drove his brother's Honda Civic over a curb and into a crowd of people and crashed it into a planter. Artan then got out and started slashing at people with an eight-inch knife, records show. In a coincidence, a nearby building had been evacuated because of a reported gas leak. "I'm going to . . . kill you," Artan told one female student, using an expletive, the records show. OSU officer Alan Horujko, on the scene because of the gas leak, saw the crash, then chased Artan as he slashed at people, yelling at Artan to drop the weapon, according to Horujko's account of the attack. Artan eventually stopped and came toward the officer, according to the report. "The suspect was looking directly at me as he charged toward me, but I could see no expression or emotion in his eyes," Horujko said in his account. "I believed the suspect was going to attack me with the knife, and I was in fear for my life." Horujko shot and killed Artan moments later. His actions were cleared by a grand jury. Artan came to the U.S. in 2014 as the child of a refugee. He had been living in Pakistan from 2007 to 2014. Authorities believe Artan's attack was partly inspired by an American-born cleric killed in a U.S. drone strike in Yemen. Ohio State's student newspaper, The Lantern, ran an interview in August with an Artan in which he criticized the media's portrayal of Muslims and expressed concern about how he would be received on campus. ___ Andrew Welsh-Huggins can be reached on Twitter at https://twitter.com/awhcolumbus. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/andrew-welsh-huggins Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about General News 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire More about Open Government Colbeck joins governor's race; Calley seeks transparency ARTICLE: Colbeck joins governor's race; Calley seeks transparency ARTICLE: Justices won't hear appeal over release of federal mug shots Trump tried to avoid certifying financial disclosure as true Discuss Print   Posted in National on Thursday, June 1, 2017 5:24 am. | Tags: General News, Ohio State University Attack, Open Government, Political Issues, Government And Politics | Location Tags: Ohio, United States, North America, Columbus Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories More arrests in Kalalau 8 graduate from Kauai Drug Court Coco Palms takes spotlight at LBA meeting 11 arrested in Kalalau Valley Scooby to the rescue All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (37) 100 days of President Donald Trump (36) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (24) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, June 02, 2017, 2:01 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Wal-Mart tests Scan and Go app Retailer aims to compete with the likes of Amazon.com By Arkansas Democrat-Gazette This article was published May 28, 2017 at 3:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Arkansas Democrat-Gazette/ROBBIE NEISWANGER Store manager James Schroder demonstrates a large touch screen in the toy department at a Wal-Mart supercenter in Orlando, Fla. The touch screen gives customers a chance to sift through the retailer&#8217;s in-store and online catalog. ORLANDO, Fla. -- James Schroder has been answering plenty of questions from customers since Wal-Mart Stores Inc. unveiled its newest supercenter in this 7,000-acre community known as Lake Nona. As manager of the 190,000-square-foot store promising innovative technology, an efficient layout and other customer-centric services, Schroder anticipated a flood of inquiries from curious shoppers. But he's also confident customers are adjusting to Wal-Mart's new digs and everything it has to offer. "I have customers tell me all the time they can get in and out so much faster," Schroder said during a tour in April. "Not because of anything that we're doing differently, but because of the technology that we've put into the store." Lake Nona is one of two concept stores the retailer has opened this year along with a similar supercenter located in the Houston area. The Lake Nona store, which opened Jan. 25 and is located in a growing community within Orlando's city limits, is being tested to determine whether the retailer will roll out the prototype at other locations across the country. There are a few tech-based features available in the store. The most prominent is Wal-Mart's Scan & Go, which allows customers to scan items with their mobile phones as they shop and pay for them through a mobile app to skip the checkout line. A version using a hand-held device also is available. A Sam's Club Scan & Go app was rolled out nationwide last year, but the two new stores -- along with the supercenter in Rogers -- are the only locations currently testing the Wal-Mart version. Wal-Mart also included an interactive table in Lake Nona's electronics department, which allows customers to swipe their hand to learn about a product. Projectors located overhead sense hand movements and determine the direction a customer wants to go in their search for information. The store has a large touch screen in the toy department, giving customers a chance to sift through the retailer's in-store and online catalog. A series of questions -- like a child's age and gender -- help narrow choices and selections are either on the store's shelves or available online. If the selection is only available online, customers can purchase the product through the mobile app. "The great thing about the resources we have is ability to test," Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said in March during the Raymond James Institutional Investors Conference in Orlando. "That's how I would classify those stores. A lot of what you see in Lake Nona and [the Houston area] is we're testing how to interact with the customer differently. We're understanding better how they want to shop." The tests come as Wal-Mart continues to build out its e-commerce offerings, snapping up online retailers like Jet.com, Hayneedle.com, ShoeBuy.com, Moosejaw and ModCloth in attempts to better compete with the likes of Amazon.com. But the company's more than 4,800 U.S. stores remain critical to Wal-Mart's strategy with most sales still occurring in its physical locations. So as a larger percentage of shoppers turn online to purchase goods, Wal-Mart must find ways to get customers to continue making trips into those stores by offering an enhanced experience. "There will be a lot of high tech involved and we're definitely moving in that right direction," said University of Arkansas associate professor Annibal Sodero, who pointed to Amazon.com's tech-heavy Amazon Go convenience store in Seattle. The retailer believes its enormous supercenters can help meet those expectations, providing Wal-Mart with a brick-and-mortar tool to help marry online and in-store capabilities for customers. "We like the supercenter format, particularly in this country," Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon told investors at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer and Retail Technology Conference in New York in March. "It's a very effective vehicle and we believe will drive traffic over time if run well." In addition to the tech tools, Wal-Mart's Lake Nona store offers a new layout intended to create a better flow. The health and beauty section has been remodeled and is located steps away from a hair salon. The pharmacy and vision center are nearby and connected by a waiting room area for customers. Baby, kids, apparel, shoes and toys have been grouped in one area of the store and arranged by age. An area designated for in-store pickup is located just inside the front door. Outside, an integrated pickup service for general merchandise, groceries and medications is available for customers who don't want to leave their vehicles. The retailer provides four checkout options inside the store, including a Scan & Go fast lane for customers that is only open during the busiest hours. Most of the options in Lake Nona are self checkouts. In fact, there are only six places for registers manned by employees, which initially concerned Schroder. "Not many of our transactions happen at the manned registers," Schroder said. "I don't know if they feel like taking it into their own hands will make it faster, but customers really like those options." Overall, the Lake Nona store received high marks from Raymond James retail analysts, who published a research note last month titled "A visit to a really cool Walmart; C'mon man, really?" In addition to the new technology, layout and services, the research note also noted the store's contemporary look, polished concrete floors, higher ceilings and additional natural light. "Is it a perfect Wal-Mart? No. Of course not," the analysts wrote. "That will always be the goal -- never attainable, but still sought. Was it, however, a really cool Walmart? Yes, at least as we see it." NW Business on 05/28/2017 Print Headline: Wal-Mart tests Scan &amp; Go app Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Personal shoppers help Wal-Mart expand online... Wal-Mart tests convenience store Wal-Mart details execs' pay, awards Wal-Mart tests Scan and Go app Sam's Club shows off brand reinvention Business news in brief On the Agenda BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas INCORPORATIONS Comments on: Wal-Mart tests Scan and Go app To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Video of Trump as decapitated costs comic Kathy Griffin jobs (22 comments) At home, Trump faces growing inquiries (61 comments) VIDEO: Trump pulling U.S. from global climate pact, upsetting allies (16 comments) CNN cuts ties with Kathy Griffin over severed head video (36 comments) Putin denies involvement in hacking, praises Trump (10 comments) BRENDA LOOPER: An uncivil war (26 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Problem Solvers 4 Our Veterans Local Hot Spots Community Traffic Sports Weather 64° 64° Low 54° High 80° Fri 55° 82° Sat 59° 85° Sun 66° 81° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Lafayette police arrest woman accused of abandoning 2-year-old at Walmart after shoplifting Posted 11:26 am, June 1, 2017, by CBS4 Web Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Photo provided by Tippecanoe County Jail × Lafayette police arrest woman accused of abandoning 2-year-old at Walmart after shoplifting Photo provided by Tippecanoe County Jail LAFAYETTE, Ind. – Officers with the Lafayette Police Department arrested a woman accused of shoplifting and abandoning a 2-year-old at Walmart. Lafayette police say a loss prevention officer approached Julie Wright, 35, and another woman about shoplifting last Friday at the Walmart on Commerce Drive. Police say the women fled the store, but they left a 2-year-old child in a stroller behind at the store. Officers started looking through the stroller to identify the child, and that’s when they found a bag of spice inside one of the pockets. Police also found a receipt with the child’s father’s name on it. Police say Wright was babysitting the child at the time, and the child is back home. A warrant was issued for Wright’s arrest on May 27, and she was taken into custody on May 30. She is currently in the Tippecanoe County Jail. Filed in: Crime, News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Popular Missing Beech Grove teen found safe at motel; 25-year-old man arrested Police identify 75-year-old man killed after pickup truck collides head-on with tractor in Hendricks County Colts’ David Parry sentenced to 2 years probation Body pulled from Kentucky lake identified as missing Hendricks County man Latest News IMPD seeking public help in locating missing woman UPDATE: 1 lane reopens westbound I-70 in Putnam County, scene of vehicle fire Peru Police investigating after driver crashes into ambulance Hoosiers raising concerns over proposed budget and what it means for SNAP program News Police: Mother stabbed by another woman while picking her child up at Lafayette day care News Police arrest 16-year-old girl accused of killing Illinois Uber driver with knife, machete Crime News Lafayette daycare provider gets 6-month sentence for child’s death Crime News Teenage mother accused of abusing 3-month-old baby in Lafayette Crime News Police track suspect to West Lafayette after woman shot multiple times in Monticello Crime News Police arrest 27-year-old man in connection with murder of young pregnant woman National & World News Community rallies around family after officer finds 12-year-old girl stealing $2 pair of shoes for her sister Crime News Authorities: Muncie mother arrested after overdose, 7-year-old son attempted to revive her Crime News Video shows chaotic fight at south side Cicis Pizza; 2 teens arrested News Hendricks County woman accused of overdosing in car with toddler in car Crime News Court docs: Lynn truck driver arrested after trying to arrange sex with 15-year-old girl News Lafayette mother confesses to beating and burning her baby Crime News Police: Mother accused of driving under the influence had 1-year-old child in vehicle Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2017, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Vermont news: Breaking, in-depth and investigative coverage of politics, business and public affairs Home Projects About Tipster Commentary Data   Categories  Business & Economy Courts & Corrections Education Energy Environment Health Care People & Places Politics Menu DONATE Home News by Subject Business & Economy Courts & Corrections Education Energy Environment Health Care People & Places Politics Commentary Special Projects About Share Secure Tips Events Calendar Donate SEARCH 2017 Legislature EB-5 Legislator Guide Burlington Campaign Finance Database Bernie Sanders   Vermont Attorney General Launches ‘Scam Buster’ campaign Jun. 1, 2017, 11:13 am by Press Release Leave a Comment News Release — Office of the Attorney General May 31,2017 Contacts: Christopher Curtis, Chief of Public Protection, Assistant Attorney General 802-828-5586, [email protected] Andrea Cohen, Vermont Electric Cooperative, 802.696.9036, [email protected] Patty Richards, Washington Electric Cooperative, 802.223.5245, [email protected] Mike Kanarick, Burlington Electric Department, 802.735.7962, [email protected] Kristin Carlson, Green Mountain Power, 802.229.8200, [email protected] AG Joins with Vermont Power Companies, Retailers to Protect Vermonters from Scammers Posing as Utilities Williston- Vermont Attorney General T.J. Donovan joined with Vermont power companies, businesses, and residents to launch a new campaign to protect Vermonters from being scammed by people pretending to be a utility. These scammers call residents and businesses demanding immediate payment for electricity with a credit card, pre-paid card or money order. Utilities report these scams are increasing and scammers are becoming more sophisticated and tech savvy in their scams. To raise awareness and protect Vermonters, the Attorney General’s office started the “Scam Buster” campaign, reminding people to stop, ask, and confirm before they make any payment to avoid being scammed. “Protecting Vermonters is the number one focus of our office,” said Vermont Attorney General T.J. Donovan. “Our team is working with local businesses and utilities to raise awareness. If any Vermonter is not sure about who is on the other end of the phone, they should not make a payment and call the AG office or their local utility.” Felicia Charland works at the Holiday Inn in Shelburne and received one of those scam calls. “The tone and tactics of the person on the other end didn’t sound like my local utility. They were pressuring me for immediate payment. I started asking questions and then hung up, called my local power company Green Mountain Power and the attorney general. I am so glad this campaign is raising awareness, helping prevent anyone from losing money to a scammer,” Charland said. Businesses including Walmart and CVS will put up posters and make sure employees are on alert for people who come in needing to buy a pre-paid card to pay a utility bill. “Walmart is happy to assist the Attorney General in creating awareness in order to protect Vermont consumers. We are working to train our associates to notice the warning signs of these scams,” said Jason Klipa, Director of Public Affairs, Walmart. The Vermont Attorney General was joined by representatives from Burlington Electric Department, Washington Electric Co-op, Vermont Electric Co-op and Green Mountain Power. “As we focus every day on delivering exceptional customer care to members of the Burlington community, the new Scam Buster campaign provides another important tool for our effort,” said Andi Higbee, Burlington Electric’s Director of Customer Care. “We must remain vigilant in staying two steps ahead of the misguided people who try to take advantage of our customers. We appreciate the collaboration with the AG’s office and our utility colleagues that led to creating this new program.” “We are pleased to join in this effort to protect hardworking Vermonters from phone scammers and swindlers. We will stand together to fight the bad actors that trick people, many of whom are our most vulnerable Members,” said Sue Bernier, VEC’s Manager of Member Services. “Please verify when money is demanded of you. Hang up and call your local utility to have them check your account before you release funds. Thank you, Attorney General Donovan, for helping to raise awareness about this important issue and for helping to ensure that cheaters don’t win.” “Anyone can fall prey to scams and unfortunately more of these incidents are occurring across Vermont”, said Patty Richards, Washington Electric Coop’s General Manager. Getting the word out and reminding Vermonters to be wary of calls asking for immediate payment are one step to stop thieves. “This is a terrible thing scammers are doing; they not only steal money but they leave the victim feeling violated and embarrassed”. If you receive a call asking for payment from your utility be sure it is really your power company. When in doubt take action, and hang up. You can always place a call directly to your electric utility and verify if you owe money. “This is an important awareness campaign that will protect the customers we serve, and Green Mountain Power is appreciative of the Attorney General leading this effort as we all work together to make sure these scammers don’t succeed,” said Mary Morris who leads the customer care team at Green Mountain Power. “These scammers are using technology, becoming more manipulative, even having numbers that look official as if the call is coming from the utility. This proactive effort will help tremendously, and raise awareness that customers should stop, ask and confirm before they feel pressured to make a payment.” The Attorney General advises Vermonters who may be targets of scamming activity to report it to the Consumer Assistance Program (CAP) at 1-800-649-2424, or go to the CAP website for more information: https://www.uvm.edu/consumer?Page=scams.html Recent Stories The Deeper Dig: The health care deciders Ex-city attorney free on $500,000 bail in… Scott picks environmental lawyer to head Public… Burlington School Board, union still far apart… Chittenden County prosecutor starting fundraising for 2018… Slow Living Summit weighs ‘Conscious Capitalism’ Filed Under: Vermont Press Releases Tagged With: power utilities, TJ Donovan, Vermont attorney general VTDigger.org posts press releases as a way of providing readers with information directly from businesses, state agencies, political organizations and nonprofits. Read more Email: [email protected] Latest stories by LGBTQIA Solidarity March is June 10 in Montpelier 61st Annual Vermont Dairy Festival to be Held June 1-4 Development of the Swanton Heritage Trail Underway Report an Error Upload a DocumentTip Drop Comment Policy VTDigger.org requires that all commenters identify themselves by their authentic first and last names. Initials, pseudonyms or screen names are not permissible. No personal harrassment, abuse, or hate speech is permitted. Be succinct and to the point. Comments should be 1000 characters or fewer. If your comment is over 500 words, consider sending a commentary instead. We personally review and moderate every comment that is posted here. This takes a lot of time; please consider donating to keep the conversation productive and informative. The purpose of this policy is to encourage a civil discourse among readers who are willing to stand behind their identities and their comments. VTDigger has created a safe zone for readers who wish to engage in a thoughtful discussion on a range of subjects. We hope you join the conversation. If you have questions or concerns about our commenting platform, please review our Commenting FAQ. Privacy policy VTDigger.org does not share specific information about our readers with other entities. Email addresses we collect through our subscription list and comment submissions are kept private. We use Google analytics to generate aggregated data regarding the size and geographic distribution of our readership. This information helps us gauge how many readers come to the website and what towns they live in. It does not include addresses or other identifying characteristics about our readers. Why I Support VTDigger I have become convinced that the two most important things to do right now are to protect truth and civil rights. A free press is critical to both. VTDigger consistently delivers to the highest standards of reputable journalism. – Tom Franks, Brattleboro DONATE NOW LIKE US:     FOLLOW: Get the Daily Digger top stories, no fees, no paywalls Daily Digger & Weekly Wrap Up Weekly Wrap Up Only Learn more about Underwriting Why I Support VTDigger You have rapidly become one of my primary sources of daily news. You are my first stop for Vermont news. You are the best source for Vermont news. – Bill Holiday, Dummerston DONATE NOW Upcoming Events Sat 03 Take Steps In Their Shoes June 3 @ 10:00 am - 1:00 pm Sun 04 Book Discussion: Talking to Animals by Jon Katz June 4 @ 4:00 pm - 5:00 pm Tue 06 Advising President Trump: What Have We Learned? June 6 @ 5:30 pm - 7:00 pm Tue 06 Book Launch — Lila and Theron, by Bill Schubart June 6 @ 7:00 pm - 8:00 pm Tue 06 Author’s Book Talk June 6 @ 7:00 pm - 8:30 pm View More… Donate Today We're an independent nonprofit organization, your donation helps fund the digging, and, it's tax deductible. Thanks for reporting an error with the story, "Vermont Attorney General Launches ‘Scam Buster’ campaign" Name* First Last Email* Error* CAPTCHA VTDigger A publication of Vermont Journalism Trust 26 State Street, Suite 8 Montpelier, VT 05602 [email protected] (802) 225-6224 www.vtdigger.org About Our Story Contact Us Underwriting Site Policies Share Secure Tips Social Media Facebook Twitter Youtube RSS Writing Staff Cate Chant Jasper Craven Mike Faher Anne Galloway Ruth Hare Elizabeth Hewitt Mark Johnson Alan J. Keays Erin Mansfield Jon Margolis Kevin O'Connor Tiffany Danitz Pache Mike Polhamus Jim Therrien Morgan True Publishing Staff Phayvanh Luekhamhan Theresa Murray-Clasen VTDigger: Led by journalists, powered by the public. The go-to source for Vermont news. Copyright © 2017 VT Digger All rights reserved.
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps open News open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Business Finder Obituaries open Jobs Autos Real Estate open Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports open Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining open Living open Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Breaking News - MassLive.com State police seek 3 suspects in multiple Walmart credit card fraud investigations in Western, Central Mass Updated on June 1, 2017 at 10:59 AM Posted on June 1, 2017 at 10:15 AM 5 Gallery: State police seek 3 in multiple Walmart fraud investigations By Patrick Johnson pjohnson@repub.com SPRINGFIELD - State police are seeking the public's help in identifying three people who are suspects in a multiple-city case of credit card fraud involving area Walmart stores, according to the office of District Attorney Anthony Gulluni. The state police detective unit assigned to his office is investigating reports that in March the three suspects used fraudulent credit cards to steal thousands of dollars worth of merchandise from multiple Walmart locations. According to Gulluni's office, the three are suspected in cases in western and central Massachusetts, Connecticut and possibly Rhode Island. They are believed to have traveled together in a white Ford Expedition Extra Length SUV. The vehicle may have been a rental with plates from Rhode Island or from another state. Gulluni's office released several photos of the three suspects. The photos, taken from surveillance cameras, show two men and a woman. Each appears to be white or Hispanic. One of the men is thin and has short hair and a mustache. The other man is stocky and clean-shaven. Anyone who recognizes any of the suspects is asked to call the Massachusetts State Police Detective Unit at 413-505-5936. Those who wish to remain anonymous may text a tip via a cell phone by addressing a text message to "CRIMES," or "274637," and then beginning the body of the message with the word "SOLVE."  View Comments About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAYER MOTOREN WERK EUR1 (BAMXF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Danone SA (DANOY) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Arkema S.A. (ARKAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) PT Lowered to $6.00 at Mizuho Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Qiagen NV (QGEN) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG AnaptysBio Inc (ANAB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research DA Davidson Comments on Antero Midstream Partners LP’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AM) Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Given a $116.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) Cut to D+ at TheStreet Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) Upgraded at TheStreet Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) PT Set at $15.00 by FBR & Co Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Given a $47.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research MKM Partners Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) $122.73 Billion in Sales Expected for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) This Quarter June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) will report sales of $122.73 billion for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Eight analysts have made estimates for Wal-Mart Stores’ earnings, with the lowest sales estimate coming in at $121.66 billion and the highest estimate coming in at $124.29 billion. Wal-Mart Stores posted sales of $120.85 billion in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year-over-year growth rate of 1.6%. The company is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings results before the market opens on Thursday, August 17th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores will report full year sales of $122.73 billion for the current year, with estimates ranging from $491.56 billion to $497.69 billion. For the next year, analysts anticipate that the firm will post sales of $507.70 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $500.37 billion to $511.19 billion. Zacks Investment Research’s sales averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that cover Wal-Mart Stores. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.98 earnings per share. Several equities analysts recently issued reports on WMT shares. Vetr lowered Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $69.26 price objective for the company. in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Bank of America Corp upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $76.00 to $88.00 in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Gordon Haskett started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $90.00 price objective for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, TheStreet upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $78.15. In related news, Director S Robson Walton sold 1,321,340 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, May 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.61, for a total value of $103,870,537.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total value of $211,500,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at approximately $740,752,453.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 11,804,090 shares of company stock worth $902,437,682. 51.55% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Fred Alger Management Inc. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 2.1% in the fourth quarter. Fred Alger Management Inc. now owns 29,172 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $2,016,000 after buying an additional 599 shares during the last quarter. Payden & Rygel boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 12.1% in the third quarter. Payden & Rygel now owns 141,520 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $10,206,000 after buying an additional 15,300 shares during the last quarter. Sigma Planning Corp boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 7.4% in the third quarter. Sigma Planning Corp now owns 28,148 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $2,030,000 after buying an additional 1,950 shares during the last quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 3,251,918 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $224,773,000 after buying an additional 35,845 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Cohen Lawrence B boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the first quarter. Cohen Lawrence B now owns 6,050 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $436,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/122-73-billion-in-sales-expected-for-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-this-quarter.html. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) traded up 0.27% during trading on Thursday, hitting $78.81. 1,361,643 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $76.05 and a 200-day moving average price of $71.31. Wal-Mart Stores has a one year low of $65.28 and a one year high of $79.44. The stock has a market cap of $239.19 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.90 and a beta of 0.09. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Local News Sports Living Classifieds 66° Full Menu 66° Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Crime June 01, 2017 9:57 AM Seven plead guilty to selling $1 million in cigarettes on the black market By Thomasi McDonald tmcdonald@newsobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story RALEIGH A federal judge on Wednesday handed out prison sentences to seven people, including five Triangle residents, after they were convicted of using an elaborate credit card scheme to purchase more than $1 million worth of cigarettes from Sam’s Club stores that were later sold on the black market. Prosecutors accused the seven of obtaining stolen credit information from overseas hackers. They then encoded the stolen credit information onto plastic gift cards, which they took to Walmart stores in various states and bought genuine Walmart gift cards. The genuine gift cards were taken to Sam’s Club stores and used to buy more than $1 million in cigarettes. The conspirators sold off the cigarettes for cash to various black market vendors, according to prosecutors. A grand jury indicted 10 people thought to be involved in the scheme in November 2015. The seven sentenced Wednesday all pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit money laundering and aggravated identity theft, according to U.S. Attorney John Stuart Bruce. They were sentenced by U.S. District Judge Terrence W. Boyle in Raleigh. The seven are: ▪ Tendai Munyaradzi Makoni, 34, of Durham, who was sentenced to 12 years in prison. ▪ Momar Talla Ndir, 32, of Raleigh; three years and six months. ▪ Dabed Del Jesus Sanchez, 22, of Raleigh, three years and six months. ▪ Joseph Daren Holcomb, 43, of Charlotte, two years and 10 months. ▪ Aaron Kent Davis, 23, of Raleigh, seven years. ▪ Mark Tony Evans, 28, New York, two years and six months. Another Raleigh man, Pa Ambrose Mendy, 31, was convicted in September 2016 and sentenced to two years and six months behind bars on charges of conspiracy to commit money laundering, aggravated identity theft, trafficking in counterfeit access devices and aiding and abetting, according to the U.S. Attorney’s Office. Thomasi McDonald: 919-829-4533, @thomcdonald LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Gang members with shanks attack rival inmates. Did prison officials allow the deadly assault? 3:11 a day ago Gang members with shanks attack rival inmates. Did prison officials allow the deadly assault? 11:00 a day ago How NC prison officers fuel corruption and abuse 2:08 3 days ago Cary Police Chief says officer shot, killed burglary suspect in self-defense View More Video Crime Warrant: Man accused of recording women’s undergarments tried more than he succeeded 4 students to be punished for hanging teddy bear from noose at high school Secret gesture, bloody shanks: Did prison officials allow this deadly attack? Jacksonville man gets prison term for prostitution scheme Unhappy ending as dog bites Chatham sheriff’s deputy Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Toggle Subscribe Search News and Politics Fashion Entertainment Beauty Lifestyle Wellness Toggle Close Submit News and Politics Fashion Entertainment Beauty Lifestyle Wellness Insider Log In Register Subscribe Sign Up for newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Email Enter your birthday to completeMonth of birthMonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecDay of birthDay01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year of birth News and Politics A 16-Year-Old Accused of Stabbing Her Uber Driver to Death She is being held without bail. Ella CeronJun 1, 2017 9:41AM EDT Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest facebook dialog PinterestBloomberg/Getty Images A 16-year-old named Eliza Wasni is in custody and charged with first-degree murder after authorities allege that she attacked her Uber driver early Tuesday morning in Lincolnwood, Illinois, the Chicago Tribune reports. The man has since died from wounds sustained in the attack. According to the Associated Press, Eliza used the ride-hailing app to catch a ride from a Walmart outside Chicago, her third ride of the night into early morning. (According to the Uber app's community guidelines, children must be supervised by a parent or guardian with them. In some cities, teens aged 13 to 17 can use the app with a special account that is linked to a parent's profile. But the Chicago Tribune reported that Uber did not immediately respond to their request for comment regarding how Uber enforces that rule.) Eliza was matched with driver Grant Nelson, who picked her up from the superstore. According to the Associated Press, a description of the attack read at the court hearing on Wednesday said that Eliza was seen walking "nonchalantly" through the store with what are believed to be the knives used to attack Nelson. CBS Chicago reported that surveillance video from Walmart showed she had apparently stolen those weapons. According to prosecutors at the hearing on Wednesday, the alleged attack began after 34-year-old Nelson began the route. Possibly two minutes into the drive, the report alleges that Eliza attacked him from where she sat in the back of the car. He escaped the car after sustaining multiple stab wounds and yelled for help. He later died at the hospital, but not before telling police what had happened to him. Police say they found Eliza nearby. She had reportedly taken the car and driven off and was hiding with a machete and a knife. Police used a taser on Eliza because the police report notes she did not comply when they first asked her to drop the weapons. Authorities also found a blood-covered shirt that matched the one Eliza was wearing on the Walmart footage. She has been charged with first-degree murder as an adult and is being held without bail. According to the Chicago Tribune, after being taken into custody Eliza "declined to make a statement." The Tribune also reports that Nelson's family has asked that those wishing to remember his life to donate to the Anti-Cruelty Society and the Cook County North Suburban chapter of the National Alliance on Mental Illness. In a statement, Uber said, "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson. Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.” Related: Uber Almost Got Kicked Out of the App Store for This Seriously Shady Move follow us Facebook Twitter Pinterest Recommended for You Follow:FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestWe Heart ItTumblrYouTubeGoogle Plustoggle social menu Condé Nast Condé Nast Websites Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Site MapContact usNewsletter SignupSubscriptionsIn this issue CareersCondé Nast StoreReprints/PermissionsParsons x TeenVogue Accessibility Help Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 1/2/2014).  Teen Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights. Teen Vogue © 2017 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital. Ad Choices. CNWN Collection
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Climate vs Trump Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video Mission Admission 2017 Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local Teenage girl charged with murder after Uber driver dies of machete wounds The Washington Post Samantha Schmidt 17 hours ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Man remains unaware of bullet in spine for 15 hours after being shot After Rampur molestation, woman gangraped in Lucknow Teen girl charged in killing of Uber driver randomly attacked man with knife, machete she'd just stolen: authorities https://t.co/aElJubW9zopic.twitter.com/B7FVRWefG1 — Chicago Tribune (@chicagotribune) June 1, 2017 A 16-year-old girl was carrying a machete in one hand, a knife in the other, as she walked “nonchalantly” out of a Walmart store in the Chicago suburb of Lincolnwood without paying at about 3 a.m. Tuesday, prosecutors said. The girl, Eliza Wasni, called for an Uber ride — her third that night — and a driver pulled up in a silver Hyundai Sonata. Wasni climbed into the car. About two minutes later, as the car reached an intersection a few blocks away, she began stabbing and hacking at the driver from the back seat, prosecutors said at a news conference. The bleeding driver, 34-year-old Grant Nelson, managed to pull the car into a nearby condominium building driveway. He ran to the lobby entrance, banged on the door and screamed. “Help me,” Nelson shouted, “Help me, I’m going to die.”© Reuters Meanwhile, Wasni tried to flee by taking the wheel of the car, but soon rammed into a median and took off on foot, prosecutors said. After residents called 911, police arrived to find a bloodstained car, and a trail of blood leading from the parkway around the side of the building. There they found Nelson in the grass in a pool of his own blood, suffering from deep stab wounds and hacking wounds to his arms, side, head and chest. He was coherent enough to describe his assailant to police and what happened, but he would later die in a hospital. Police found Wasni after identifying her from the Uber app on the driver’s phone, which he left in the car. She was crouching behind a building near where she’d abandoned the car, holding a machete in one hand and knife in the other, prosecutors said. She wore only a bra and leggings — a Chicago Cubs shirt was found nearby, the Chicago Tribune reported. When she repeatedly refused to drop her weapons, police used a stun gun on her and took her into custody. They would later find surveillance video from Walmart that prosecutors say shows Wasni stealing the weapons while wearing a Cubs shirt. Authorities charged Wasni as an adult with first-degree murder, the Chicago Tribune reported. A judge called the attack “extremely violent” and ordered her to be held without bail. She will be held in a juvenile facility, the Tribune reported. She appeared in court Wednesday in a white jail jumpsuit, her blond hair disheveled and her eyes kept mostly to the floor. 16-year-old girl charged with murdering her Uber driver with machete https://t.co/SCpfwK6Hh5pic.twitter.com/X8pJLHhKgm — WSVN 7 News (@wsvn) May 31, 2017 Prosecutors called the attack “heinous” and “not provoked in any manner.” Wasni lives with a single mother and is a student at Taft High School in Chicago, her public defender said in court, according to the Chicago Tribune. She was in violation of the company’s 18-and-older age restriction for riders. Access to the service can be removed if a rider is found to be underage. An Uber spokeswoman said in a statement to the Chicago Tribune the company is “heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson. Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.” The ride-hailing company — embattled from a number of recent internal struggles and controversies — has previously made headlines regarding allegations that its drivers assaulted passengers. But this case involved the opposite. And the shocking incident spurred the question: Why would a teenage girl — seemingly unprovoked — brutally attack a complete stranger? Grant Nelson’s sister, Alex Nelson, said in a news conference Wednesday the details of the attack were “horrifying and saddening,” and that “obviously this is a time of heartbreak and tremendous loss for us.” “Grant was an extraordinary figure in our lives,” she said. “He was a gentle man. He was a good man.” Grant Nelson, who lived with his parents in Wilmette, just north of Chicago, had a wide range of interests — from animals to classical opera to military history. “We don’t have any answers,” Alex Nelson said. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More From The Washington Post Trump’s decision won’t win him any new friends The Washington Post After fiery debate, Trump ‘stayed where he’s always been’ The Washington Post Trump could spur rise of a not-so-liberal world order The Washington Post Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Nation Friday, June 2, 2017    Last update: 1:01 a.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Girl, 16, charged with murder after Chicago Uber driver dies of machete wounds Print Email Share Tweet By Samantha Schmidt, Washington Post Posted June 01, 2017, at 9:01 a.m. A 16-year-old girl was carrying a machete in one hand, a knife in the other, as she walked “nonchalantly” out of a Walmart store in the Chicago suburb of Lincolnwood without paying at about 3 a.m. Tuesday, prosecutors said. The girl, Eliza Wasni, called for an Uber ride – her third that night – and a driver pulled up in a silver Hyundai Sonata. Wasni climbed into the car. About two minutes later, as the car reached an intersection a few blocks away, she began stabbing and hacking at the driver from the back seat, prosecutors said at a news conference. The bleeding driver, 34-year-old Grant Nelson, managed to pull the car into a nearby condominium building driveway. He ran to the lobby entrance, banged on the door and screamed. “Help me,” Nelson shouted, “Help me, I’m going to die.” Meanwhile, Wasni allegedly tried to flee by taking the wheel of the car, but soon rammed into a median and took off on foot. After residents called 911, police arrived to find a bloodstained car, and a trail of blood leading from the parkway around the side of the building. There they found Nelson in the grass in a pool of his own blood, suffering from deep stab wounds and hacking wounds to his arms, side, head and chest. He was coherent enough to describe his assailant to police and what happened, but he would later die in a hospital. Police found Wasni after identifying her from the Uber app on the driver’s phone, which he left in the car. She was crouching behind a building near where she’d abandoned the car, holding a machete in one hand and knife in the other. She wore only a bra and leggings – a Chicago Cubs shirt was found nearby, the Chicago Tribune reported. When she repeatedly refused to drop her weapons, police used a stun gun on her and took her into custody. They would later find surveillance video from Walmart capturing Wasni stealing the weapons while wearing a Cubs shirt. Authorities charged Wasni as an adult with first-degree murder, the Chicago Tribune reported. A judge called the attack “extremely violent” and ordered her to be held without bail. She will be held in a juvenile facility, the Tribune reported. She appeared in court Wednesday in a white jail jumpsuit, her blond hair disheveled and her eyes kept mostly to the floor. Prosecutors called the attack “heinous” and “not provoked in any manner.” Wasni lives with a single mother and is a student at Taft High School in Chicago, her public defender said in court, according to the Chicago Tribune. She was in violation of the company’s 18-and-older age restriction for riders. Access to the service can be removed if a rider is found to be underage. An Uber spokeswoman said in a statement to the Chicago Tribune the company is “heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson. Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.” The ride-hailing company – embattled from a number of recent internal struggles and controversies – has previously made headlines regarding allegations that its drivers assaulted passengers. And the shocking incident spurred the question: why would a teenage girl – seemingly unprovoked – brutally attack a complete stranger? Grant Nelson’s sister, Alex Nelson, said in a news conference Wednesday the details of the attack were “horrifying and saddening,” and that “obviously this is a time of heartbreak and tremendous loss for us.” “Grant was an extraordinary figure in our lives,” she said. “He was a gentle man. He was a good man.” Grant Nelson, who lived with his parents in Wilmette, just north of Chicago, had a wide range of interests – from animals to classical opera to military history. “We don’t have any answers,” Alex Nelson said.   SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Man charged with assaulting, trying to rob woman in L.L. Bean lot Bangor woman sentenced for running over man with car Girl, 16, charged with murder after Chicago Uber driver dies of machete wounds The first waterfront concert of the year wasn’t as loud as the city expected Brewer tax rate increases by $1.77 under proposed budget, with school getting $1M more ‘Planet Earth’ has been taking advantage of America for too long The hasty move to close Downeast Correctional will only hurt Washington County Less covfefe, more leadership needed from President Trump Friday, June 2, 2017: Trump budget reprehensible, Early Head Start a sound investment, national monument poll misleading On Paris climate agreement, the president is doing the right thing the wrong way Late rally lifts Orono baseball team past Central John Bapst appoints new ice hockey coach Extra days on HS baseball schedule marked by meaningful games Surging Caribou softball team tops PI to secure playoff berth UNE athletic administrator to step down VITAL SIGNS Obamacare premiums are up in Maine, and here’s why GEORGE'S OUTDOOR NEWS Hefty 45% increase proposed in any-deer permits #MAINE Someone already got a COVFEFE Maine license plate THE BDN BUZZ This millionaire has a promising idea for space exploration. But he says aliens are already here. OUT THERE A simple, healing trip through the Maine woods ‘One peaceful place’: Midcoast man builds tiny house by hand How to enjoy summer in Bangor on a budget Chefs reveal how to achieve ‘Maine style barbecue’ at home After 49 years, South Portland tavern The Griffin Club closes Sen. Pres. Thibodeau to Maine RCV Voters: Drop Dead (with June 1 UPDATE) Top Stories 15 inmates moved from Down East prison as state prepares to close it ‘One peaceful place’: Midcoast man builds tiny house by hand Documents: State police spotted Ohio Street shooter’s getaway car, but let it go Trump says US will withdraw from Paris climate accord Former employee sues USM, alleging racism tied to wrongful termination Similar Articles 4.2.2012 Raises at the University of Maine System 2006-2012 3.21.2016 Uber announces official launch in Bangor, Lewiston 1.23.2015 Uber claims its drivers make more than cabbies, chauffeurs 12.22.2014 Uber official wary of Portland’s plan to regulate rideshare service like taxi companies 9.2.2015 Uber drivers granted class action status in lawsuit over employment More in Nation   With Trump announcement, America becomes a climate change pariah   Facebook shareholders are not happy with how it’s handling fake news   Gunfire reported at resort complex in Philippine capital   Trump says US will withdraw from Paris climate accord   A crab unlike any you’ve ever seen Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman At 50 Strong, America and Innovation Go Hand-in-Hand by Ashley Thompson, CEO – 50 Strong SOURCE: Walmart DESCRIPTION: There’s a game that my husband, Brendan, and I play every time we go to a trade show. We flip the products over to see where they were made, and usually we see the name of a country overseas, like China or Taiwan. When I ask the sales manager why, I usually get one standard response: “You can’t make this in the U.S.A.” This has always been interesting to me because I know that you can make a lot out of plastics in the U.S. – my family has been doing it every day for the past 35 years! Not only is it possible, it’s work that has provided for us since my father founded Precision Thermoplastic Components, Inc. in 1982. What started out as a fun little game pushed my husband and me to address what we saw as a real need for even more American-made products. In 2012 we started our company 50 Strong in Lima, Ohio, producing U.S.-made water bottles, bottle cages, and tire repair levers for Walmart’s bike accessories department. As the brand grew, we were constantly looking to innovate. I began to spend weeks in the housewares aisles of various stores, watching how people shopped and asking about their water bottle must-haves and pet peeves. Our designers took the responses and created a line of the top 10 bottles that folks were looking for. Innovation is at the heart of what we’re doing at 50 Strong, which means we’re dedicated to making smarter products with better manufacturing processes that we engineer ourselves. When we started the brand, we also started the 50 Strong Foundation, our nonprofit that receives 10% of all sales to fund education for manufacturing workers. It doesn’t matter if these people are going to work for us or some other company; any time we can add skilled workers to the industry is a true benefit for the future of American jobs. Our family is competitive, and we feel great pride being able to say that we’re making a better, smarter product with great quality at a competitive price. Partnering with Walmart is another big source of pride for us because we know that their commitment to U.S. manufacturing is as real as ours is. When a retailer is willing to develop a team to focus on finding more suppliers of U.S.-made products, that’s when you know they truly care. The name “50 Strong” stands for the 50 states, and came from our vision to make America stronger by making more of the products that we use here, in America. For every job that we’re able to fill with an American worker, we know there will be a ripple effect throughout that person’s community. Maybe they’re coaching youth baseball, maybe they’re volunteering at church, or maybe they’re just spending more time helping their kids with homework. The feeling of providing meaningful jobs is hard to put into words, but our mission is simple: When we start making more things in America, it’s a win for our workers, our families, and our communities. Read the full post & others like it via the Walmart Today Blog  Tweet me: At @Be50Strong, #America and #innovation go hand-in-hand http://bit.ly/2nePw34 @WalmartToday #MadeInUSA KEYWORDS: Responsible Business & Employee Engagement, Events, Media & Communications, Walmart, Walmart Today, 50 Strong, U.S. Manufacturing, 50 Strong Foundation   CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trovagene to Present at the Marcum 2017 MicroCap Conference on June 15 in New York City Next PostNext Flexible Heating Element Market Driving Factors, Industry Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends Search Recent Posts Paper Bags Market : Key Growth Factors and Industry Analysis 2017-2027 Research focused on the Satellite Propulsion System market to grow at 4.09% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 Inflammatory Diseases Market : Recent Industry Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2027 Global Sports Betting Market: How the Market has witnessed Substantial Growth in recent years and What Factors will drive the Market in Upcoming Years? Global Healthcare Clinical Analytics Market Growth, Trends & Forecast (2017 – 2022) Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Make Canoe my Homepage Twitter Facebook RSS Français Canoe - CNEWS Canoe News News Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Videos Mr. Met's Middle Finger Makes Mess For Mets World Reacts To Trump's Decision To Withdraw From... Trump Reportedly Considers Ending Some Hacking... News Homolka to no longer volunteer at Montreal school Protests hijack college after prof objects to 'no... GOLDSTEIN: Donald Trump told the truth Showbiz Showbiz Celebrities Television Movies Music Books Theatre Videos Photos Videos Rickie Fowler is Dating Allison Stokke Taylor Swift Wants 'No Part' of Continued Katy... Murder On The Orient Express Trailer News Chrissy Teigen strips down to show off spray tan Carrey backs Griffin over Trump decapitation stunt Five things to know about 'Wonder Woman' Sports Sports Videos Photos Scoreboard Hockey Wrestling Football Baseball Basketball Videos Rickie Fowler is Dating Allison Stokke Stampeders' Daniels confident following rookie... Sidney Crosby an 'example to follow': Kris Letang News Jones: Edmonton to play host to 2018 Grey Cup Durant dominates as Warriors beat Cavs in Game 1 Estrada rocked early and often in Jays' loss to... Hot Topics Chad Johnson not happy with... Chad Johnson not happy with TSN Kessel blasts 'embarrassing,... Kessel blasts embarrassing media Money Money Videos Photos Videos Katy Perry Pulls in $25M to Judge 'American Idol' Johnny Depp Caused Chaos Filming Pirates of the... Mariah Carey Wants James Packer Back News Kellogg shuts distribution centres, lays off... Kinder Morgan Canada shares fall in debut amid... Female CEOs make more than their male... Hot Topics Amazon work culture Could happen here iPod demoted Put with chargers Lifestyle Lifestyle Style & Beauty Food & Drink Love & Sex Living Horoscopes Comics Puzzles Royals Videos Miranda Kerr Married Evan Spiegel in Lavish... How Fatherhood Has Changed Liam Payne's Life... Rachel Lindsay is Open to Having a Televised... News Hot grandma defies age with sugar-free lifestyle Paltrow: 'I can't exercise for two hours a day... Parents urged to keep kids away from digital... Hot Topics Rate the look: Celebrity look... Rate the look: Celebrity look of th day Top-rated wines Wines of the week Health Travel Travel Destinations Activities News Tips & Trends Tools Videos Photos Videos Kanye West Retreats to Wyoming to Record New Music Inside Bella Hadid's Secret Affordable Jamaican... Princess Cruises Will Pay A $40M Penalty For... News Inn offers 'Come From Away' package for $2,155 a... Copenhagen's Little Mermaid statue vandalized New U.S. theme park attractions outside of Orlando Hot Topics TRIVIA Can you ID the provincial flags? HOTELS 11 things Canadians forget most Driving Tech Tech Tech News Video Games Mobile Reviews Videos Photos Videos Examine it: Transporting bicycles safely Taste it! Hymercar Grand Canyon S Test it! Citroen C5 Tourer News Drone delivers doughnuts to Denver cops 'Far Cry 5' sneak peek: 5 things we've learned Battery boast, better viewing angles for... Videos Photos Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Today's News Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Girl, 16, accused of killing her Uber driver with a machete Uber (AP files) Latest News Bounty hunters, fugitive killed in hail of bullets: Investigator 36 people arrested in Hells Angels raids in Quebec Air Force vet convicted of trying to join ISIS says he's 'innocent' Share Brad Hunter, Postmedia Network Jun 1, 2017 , Last Updated: 2:37 PM ET Eliza Wasni, 16, was crouching and shaking behind an air conditioner. In one hand, she gripped a machete and in the other, a knife. She was wearing a bra and leggings, a blood-splattered Chicago Cubs shirt was lying on the ground nearby. Thats how shocked officers describe the scene in which they found her. Wasni is now charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of Uber driver Grant Nelson, 34, in a Windy City suburb. According to cops, the teen refused to surrender to officers and had to be tasered. Chicagos latest outrage has shocked even hardened cops and residents who have grown immune to the teetering towns daily body count. The details were horrifying and saddening, the dead mans sister, Alexandra told reporters. The loss of intelligence and conversation and nuance and thoughtfulness that he brought into all of our lives is going to be felt  it will reverberate with us  for years. Detectives believe Wasni -- a high school student who lives with her single mother -- was looking for trouble and took at least three Uber rides in the hours before the murder. The teen had earlier nonchalantly walked into a Walmart store, then walked out with a stolen machete, prosecutors say. At 3 a.m. on Tuesday, Nelson -- who made money on the side driving for Uber -- picked up the teen in his silver Hyundai Sonata, the Chicago Sun-Times reports. Within minutes, its believed Wasni savagely stabbing Nelson without provocation from the backseat, slashing his arm, side, head, chest and neck. Gravely injured, Nelson staggered into a condo lobby begging: "Help me! Help me! I'm going to die." Shocked residents called cops who found Nelson dying on the grass, a pool of blood building around him. His phone was open to the Uber app -- and his last call. Before he died, Nelson described his killer to cops. Prosecutors say Wasni tried to flee in Nelsons car but crashed less than a block away. And thats where cops found her. She appeared in court wearing in a white jail jumpsuit, her eyes turned down to the floor. Wasni has been charged as an adult. His devastated sister said of Nelson: He was a gentle man. He was a good man." Videos Mr. Met's Middle Finger Makes Mess For Mets World Reacts To Trump's Decision To Withdraw From Climate Agreement Trump Reportedly Considers Ending Some Hacking Sanctions On Russia The US Could Prevent A Lot Of Deaths By Switching From Coal To Solar What Artists Can Learn From A Michelle Obama Mural The FBI's Russia Probe Is Reaching Across The Pond 'You can't stop progress': McKenna on U.S. leaving Paris Accord Family reacts at Wettlaufer trial Homelessness In Los Angeles Is Still A Growing Problem Why Trump Isn't Moving The US Embassy In Israel Softwood aid package 'prudent': Natural resources minister The US Is Officially Leaving The Paris Climate Agreement Previous Next More Videos Photos Flooding, mudslides in Sri Lanka Google I/O 2017 Conference Flooding in Quebec Tornadoes leave death, devastation in Texas Crane climber in Toronto rescued Paddlers get creative for Float Your Fanny Down the Ganny Samsung unveils new phones, camera Fire at former Ont. biker clubhouse Check out Canada's most expensive homes Donald Trump greets White House tourists Mansion or fixer-upper? Here's what $1 million can buy you Trump, Trudeau meet at White House Previous Next More Photos Ads VIDEOS Most popular Latest stories CrimeGirl, 16, accused of killing her Uber driver with a machete CanadaOnt. woman jailed for making up story ex choked her, tried to rape her: 'You hurt every real victim out there' CanadaBank tells senior who got stuck in Antarctica he's too old for credit card's travel insurance World'Bloody legends,'; Tasmanian cops help drunk man home, snaps selfie WorldConvicted former Auschwitz guard dies in Germany at 95 CanadaWoman who died in attempt to cross into Manitoba was trying to visit daughter in Toronto World'Am I going to die?' Gay man testifies about beating at church WorldFormer U.S. soldier who lied his way to Purple Heart gets 3 years in prison WorldProtesters hijack campus after professor opposes 'no whites' day at Evergreen State College WorldGOLDSTEIN: Donald Trump told the truth on Paris treaty Ads Weather Montréal Choose your city 5 days forecast °c °c °c °c °c Burning question Are hydro rates too high where you live? Yes No They're reasonable. Submit Results Newsletter subscription Your daily dose of what's hot on Canoe.com. You'll get everything from daily features and top headlines. Sign up today ! Ads Canoe Top Headlines news Students protest prof who refused 'no whites' day news Homolka to no longer volunteer at school showbiz Jim Carrey backs Griffin over Trump decapitation lifewise Hot grandma defies age with sugar-free lifestyle Canoe SunMedia is a member of Horoscopes Driving Classifieds Your Life Moments Your Life Moments Blogs.com flyer city News Showbiz Sports Money Lifestyle Travel Tech Games Health Videos Classifieds Life Moments Flyercity Partners Comics Crosswords Horoscopes Movie Listings Lottos Scores TV Listings Weather Follow Us Google Plus Facebook RSS Canoe Showbiz Sports Tech Travel Money Canoe Mobile Canoe.com is available on iPhone, iPad and Android About Canoe Sitemap Privacy Policy Find Help Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved
ITProPortal Search RSS News Features Analysis Guides Reviews Categories Business Hardware Security Software Mobile Enterprise Cloud Networks Public Sector Startups Web The new Iron Age? The future of the mainframe in a digital-everything world By Derek Britton Feature  What advantages can mainframe bring to digital transformation? Shares Warren Buffet’s recent sell-off of IBM stock started another round of discussions about the credentials of ‘Big Blue’. The press cuttings about IBM’s fiscal performance combined with the musings of trade journalists mean that you could be forgiven for thinking this might end badly for the mainframe world. After all, 20 quarters of IBM missing revenue targets coupled with unprecedented choice in the server market is making life very hard for the most venerable of machines.    It’s not how big it is, it’s how you use it  What we do know is that 58% of large organisations, as of this year, still want to fully leverage their mainframe investment. We also know that the overwhelming majority of the world’s biggest banks, insurers and retailers run their business on mainframes, according to IBM.    Any review of a platform, especially one so business critical, needs to fundamentally consider why anyone would need it. And in today’s digital-everything world, one has to assess the changing requirements of IT in the contemporary commercial environment, and the mainframe’s ability to cope with these changes. A better question therefore would be, what’s driving change in the large-scale organisations that possess mainframe computing power today?    Digital transformation  The digital economy is here, and money is being spent – Finextra reported nearly two years ago that $16.6bn being pumped into digital transformation in American banking alone. Meanwhile, European Bank ING has adopted a close collaboration model with technology providers to support its digital transformation programme.  Digital transformation is driving customers to look for ways to maximise their mainframe investment. 67% of organizations in the same BMC survey above are looking to increase capacity on their mainframe to meet their business priorities.  That is to say, they are betting on the mainframe to support transformation.    In one of the keynote sessions at SHARE in March 2017, industry commentator Peter Ruttan of IDC asserted that progressive organisations are integrating and modernising mainframe operations as part of their transformational process. So much so, that they aspire to having “a connected mainframe” that sits at the heart of a digital organisation, not apart from it.    Brands including Target, Walmart and Capital One have talked about their own internal transformation programmes. Mainframe technology remains central to how they conduct business. Indeed, Wal-Mart spoke at the mainframe SHARE event in 2016 about its transformation programme.    Flexible foundations  IDC’s Ruttan further commented, “workload should run where it should to best support the business”. In a business-first mantra, technology serves the strategy, not sets it. Workload management offers that flexibility. IBM themselves stated that 93% of the top mainframe clients were also now running Linux.  IDC talked about half the clients they spoke to seeing a lower cost of ownership on the mainframe as a result of looking at workload changes. New workload choices around Cloud, Linux, Web, Mobile and Java integration, were all shaping how the mainframe was being seen as a source of new revenue, rather than a necessary cost to support it.    Reports suggest that there continues to be a significant uptick in the number of deployments on to Linux servers worldwide. In one article from late 2016, we were told that “nearly 50 percent of z Systems clients are using Linux”. Indeed, BMC reported that statistic as over 50%. We also know that Linux overtook other UNIX systems in terms of market share as far back as 2013, according to the Linux Foundation.    IBM cites a variety of clients running Linux on IBM z Systems across banking, manufacturing, government and telco sectors.  Elsewhere, software experts Astadia have helped a major European banking client who decided to move a huge workload on to the IBM z series mainframe. Consolidating older server environments as part of a major modernisation programme, the organisation moved a core trading system on to their preferred strategic platform.  Accelerated delivery  A flexible approach is one thing but the results need to be instantaneous. Understandably, DevOps and how it can be employed across the entire enterprise estate, has become a mainstream mainframe topic. Gartner has previously stated that by the end of 2016 DevOps would be at around 50% adoption globally. Forrester went as far as to publish a white paper entitled, rather bluntly, “Digital Transformation Needs Mainframe DevOps”.  Many in the industry, alongside traditional mainframe vendors, have taken great strides to dispel as a myth the idea of bi-modal IT. Compuware, CA, IBM and Micro Focus among others all talk of contemporary tool-chains that enable DevOps-style deliver for mainframe teams. The 2016 State of DevOps Report asserted, “[Developers using DevOps] spend 22 percent less time on unplanned work and rework, and are able to spend 29 percent more time on new work”. What is undeniable is the level of interest in DevOps as a holistic, enterprise-scale approach, including the mainframe environment.    Speaking at a DevOps conference in London, ING Bank global CIO Ron van Kemenade says investment in new skills and a transition to DevOps is critical to its “Think Forward” digital strategy. “We wanted to establish a culture and environment where building, testing and releasing software can happen rapidly, frequently and more reliably. When beginning this journey we started with what matters most: people,” putting the focus on engineering talent and creating multi-disciplinary teams, where software developers partner with operations and business staff, has led to more automated processes, a sharp reduction of handovers and a “collaborative performance culture”.  Speaking at the same event, Jonathan Smart, head of development services at Barclays, talked up an eighteen-month push by the bank to incorporate agile processes across the enterprise. The amount of “strategic spend” going into agile practices and processes rose from four percent to more than 50%, says Smart, and the company now has over 800 teams involved.  Meanwhile Antonio Bravo, BBVA’s Head of Strategy & Planning, explained the main goal of the bank’s recent adoption of agile practices is “to increase the speed and quality of execution” of their transformation programme.  New horizons: monitoring mainframe movement  Arcati, IBM, CA, BMC and others continue to survey and report on the market, with an overwhelming response of a committed community dedicated to a future of mainframe programming. A sample of recent surveys shows 90% or more in each case viewing the mainframe environment as strategic. Moreover, a closer look at the IBM revenues suggest that z systems revenue has largely held firm amid the recent disappointing corporate results. The examples above also serve well in demonstrating how large-scale organisations are looking to grasp the nettle of how the mainframe sits in the middle of their digital transformation initiatives.  It’s little wonder we are hearing whispers from sources close to IBM of a likely announcement of a new mainframe offering in the near future: Big iron’s new iron. The hundreds who attend the SHARE events twice-yearly will doubtless be out in force to see what new advances the mainframe can bring to the digital transformation table in the coming months. What looks certain is that the activities surrounding how the mainframe best supports the business will continue for years to come.  Derek Britton, director, strategy and enablement at Micro Focus Image Credit: Skeeze / Pixabay Topics Web software enterprise networks mainframe ibm warren buffet digital transformation idc devops GET YOUR FREE MAGAZINE NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99 Join over 7000 ITProPortal subscribers! Sign up for a new, free business service from ITProPortal to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox GET MY FREE MAGAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 How to insert a tick or a cross symbol in Microsoft Word and Excel 2 How to turn off 'OK Google' voice search 3 How to start page numbering from a specific page in Word 4 A guide to deleting your accounts from any website: From Amazon to Facebook 5 The ‘open banking revolution’ and the tech underpinning banks’ digital transformation 1 Making decisions with data – the role for machine learning in analytics 2 Six in ten companies still don’t know who has access to their critical data 3 What is the future of the IBM mainframe? 4 Data scientists have the potential to help save the world 5 Six trends that will make business more intelligent in 2017 ITProPortal is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments100+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Morning Mix Teen accused of killing Uber driver with machete in one hand, knife in the other The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Samantha Schmidt By Samantha Schmidt June 1 at 6:45 AM Follow @schmidtsam7 A 16-year-old girl was carrying a machete in one hand, a knife in the other, as she walked out of a Walmart store in the Chicago suburb of Lincolnwood without paying at about 3 a.m. Tuesday, prosecutors said at a court hearing. The girl, Eliza Wasni, called for an Uber ride — her third that night — and a driver pulled up in a silver Hyundai Sonata. Wasni climbed into the car. About two minutes later, as the car reached an intersection a few blocks away, she began stabbing and hacking at the driver from the back seat, prosecutors said at a news conference. Teen girl charged in killing of Uber driver randomly attacked man with knife, machete she'd just stolen: authorities https://t.co/aElJubW9zo pic.twitter.com/B7FVRWefG1 — Chicago Tribune (@chicagotribune) June 1, 2017 The bleeding driver, 34-year-old Grant Nelson, managed to pull the car into a nearby condominium building driveway. He ran to the lobby entrance, banged on the door and screamed. “Help me,” Nelson shouted, “Help me, I’m going to die.” Meanwhile, Wasni tried to flee by taking the wheel of the car, but soon rammed into a median and took off on foot, prosecutors said. After residents called 911, police arrived to find a bloodstained car, and a trail of blood leading from the parkway around the side of the building. There they found Nelson in the grass in a pool of his own blood, suffering from deep stab wounds and hacking wounds to his arms, side, head and chest. He was coherent enough to describe his assailant to police and what happened, but he would later die in a hospital. Police found Wasni after identifying her from the Uber app on the driver’s phone, which he left in the car. She was crouching behind a building near where she’d abandoned the car, holding a machete in one hand and knife in the other, prosecutors said. She wore only a bra and leggings — a Chicago Cubs shirt was found nearby, the Chicago Tribune reported. When she repeatedly refused to drop her weapons, police said they used a stun gun on her and took her into custody. They would later find surveillance video from Walmart that prosecutors say shows Wasni stealing the weapons while wearing a Cubs shirt. Authorities charged Wasni as an adult with first-degree murder, the Chicago Tribune reported. A judge called the attack “extremely violent” and ordered her to be held without bail. She will be held in a juvenile facility, the Tribune reported. She appeared in court Wednesday in a white jail jumpsuit, her blond hair disheveled and her eyes kept mostly to the floor. 16-year-old girl charged with murdering her Uber driver with machete https://t.co/SCpfwK6Hh5 pic.twitter.com/X8pJLHhKgm — WSVN 7 News (@wsvn) May 31, 2017 Prosecutors called the attack “heinous” and “not provoked in any manner.” Wasni lives with a single mother and is a student at Taft High School in Chicago, her public defender said in court, according to the Chicago Tribune. She was in violation of the company’s 18-and-older age restriction for riders. Access to the service can be removed if a rider is found to be underage. An Uber spokeswoman said in a statement to the Chicago Tribune the company is “heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners, Grant Nelson. Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.” The ride-hailing company — embattled from a number of recent internal struggles and controversies — has previously made headlines regarding allegations that its drivers assaulted passengers. But this case involved the opposite. And the shocking incident spurred the question: Why would a teenage girl — seemingly unprovoked — brutally attack a complete stranger? [From #deleteUber to ‘Hell’: A short history of Uber’s recent struggles] Grant Nelson’s sister, Alex Nelson, said in a news conference Wednesday the details of the attack were “horrifying and saddening,” and that “obviously this is a time of heartbreak and tremendous loss for us.” “Grant was an extraordinary figure in our lives,” she said. “He was a gentle man. He was a good man.” Grant Nelson, who lived with his parents in Wilmette, just north of Chicago, had a wide range of interests — from animals to classical opera to military history. “We don’t have any answers,” Alex Nelson said. More from Morning Mix: ‘The guy who microwaves fish’ in the office: Inside Al Franken’s blood feud with Ted Cruz Snow White actress Chloë Grace Moretz calls out her own movie promos for fat-shaming N.Y. subway breakdown inspires makeshift graduation on the E train Trump revives ‘Crooked Hillary’ nickname. Clinton fires back with ‘covfefe.’ national morning-mix Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters national morning-mix Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 100+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Samantha Schmidt is a reporter for The Washington Post's Morning Mix team. She previously worked as a reporting fellow for the New York Times. Follow @schmidtsam7 179 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Teen accused of killing Uber driver with machete in one hand, knife in the other 2 Inside Al Franken’s blood feud with Ted Cruz, ‘the guy who microwaves fish’ in the office 3 Trump revives ‘Crooked Hillary’ nickname. Clinton fires back with ‘covfefe.’ 4 This millionaire has a promising idea for space exploration. But he says aliens are already here. 5 Trump targets ‘negative press covfefe’ in garbled midnight tweet that becomes worldwide joke The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game national morning-mix Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAYER MOTOREN WERK EUR1 (BAMXF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Danone SA (DANOY) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Arkema S.A. (ARKAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) PT Lowered to $6.00 at Mizuho Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Qiagen NV (QGEN) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG AnaptysBio Inc (ANAB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research DA Davidson Comments on Antero Midstream Partners LP’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AM) Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Given a $116.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) Cut to D+ at TheStreet Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) Upgraded at TheStreet Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) PT Set at $15.00 by FBR & Co Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Given a $47.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research MKM Partners Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Morgan Stanley Analysts Give Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) a $77.00 Price Target June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley set a $77.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) in a report published on Monday morning. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the retailer’s stock. Other research analysts have also issued research reports about the company. TheStreet upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a c+ rating to a b- rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Bank of America Corp upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a neutral rating to a buy rating and increased their price target for the stock from $76.00 to $88.00 in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Vetr upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $75.31 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, March 27th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a buy rating and issued a $86.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $84.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $78.15. Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) opened at 78.60 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $76.05 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.31. Wal-Mart Stores has a one year low of $65.28 and a one year high of $79.44. The firm has a market cap of $238.55 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.85 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.98 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.36 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/morgan-stanley-analysts-give-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-a-77-00-price-target.html. In other news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total value of $211,500,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $740,752,453.50. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Jacqueline P. Canney sold 1,322 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.75, for a total value of $104,107.50. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 23,854 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,878,502.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 11,804,090 shares of company stock valued at $902,437,682. 51.55% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. bought a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at $104,000. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 89.2% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 1,476 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 696 shares during the period. Glassman Wealth Services boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 68.3% in the first quarter. Glassman Wealth Services now owns 1,471 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 597 shares during the period. Asset Planning Services Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period. Finally, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 6,777.8% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 114,171 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $114,000 after buying an additional 112,511 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAYER MOTOREN WERK EUR1 (BAMXF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Danone SA (DANOY) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Arkema S.A. (ARKAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) PT Lowered to $6.00 at Mizuho Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Qiagen NV (QGEN) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG AnaptysBio Inc (ANAB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research DA Davidson Comments on Antero Midstream Partners LP’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AM) Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Given a $116.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) Cut to D+ at TheStreet Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) Upgraded at TheStreet Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) PT Set at $15.00 by FBR & Co Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Given a $47.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research MKM Partners Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) a $75.00 Price Target June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Sanford C. Bernstein set a $75.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) in a research report released on Monday morning. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the retailer’s stock. WMT has been the subject of a number of other reports. Cowen and Company reissued an outperform rating and issued a $83.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a sell rating and issued a $67.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores from $86.00 to $88.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Friday, May 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $74.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Susquehanna Bancshares Inc assumed coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, February 10th. They issued a positive rating and a $80.00 price target for the company. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $78.15. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 78.60 on Monday. The firm has a market capitalization of $238.55 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.85 and a beta of 0.09. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $76.05 and a 200 day moving average of $71.31. Wal-Mart Stores has a one year low of $65.28 and a one year high of $79.44. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The company had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $117.01 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.98 EPS. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.36 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) a $75.00 Price Target” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/sanford-c-bernstein-analysts-give-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-a-75-00-price-target-2.html. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total transaction of $211,500,000.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $740,752,453.50. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 1,157,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.06, for a total value of $90,354,450.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at approximately $526,794,154.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 11,804,090 shares of company stock worth $902,437,682. Corporate insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Fred Alger Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 2.1% in the fourth quarter. Fred Alger Management Inc. now owns 29,172 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $2,016,000 after buying an additional 599 shares during the period. Payden & Rygel increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 12.1% in the third quarter. Payden & Rygel now owns 141,520 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $10,206,000 after buying an additional 15,300 shares during the period. Sigma Planning Corp increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 7.4% in the third quarter. Sigma Planning Corp now owns 28,148 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $2,030,000 after buying an additional 1,950 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 3,251,918 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $224,773,000 after buying an additional 35,845 shares during the period. Finally, Cohen Lawrence B increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the first quarter. Cohen Lawrence B now owns 6,050 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $436,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, June 02, 2017, 1:57 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / To train workers, Wal-Mart adds virtual-reality program By Robbie Neiswanger This article was published June 1, 2017 at 4:30 a.m. PHOTO BY JASON IVESTER Pool inflatables are passed over the heads of Wal-Mart employees Wednesday on the first day of the company’s annual shareholders week in Northwest Arkansas. Comments aAFont Size Candy is dropped from the rafters to the audience Wednesday during the Wal-Mart U.S. employees meeting at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville. Actor Terry Crews (left) and Mike Moore, executive vice president of supercenters, lead the audience in the company cheer Wednesday during the Wal-Mar... Julia Michaels performs Wednesday during the Wal-Mart U.S. employees meeting. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has introduced virtual reality as a teaching tool for employees who are participating in the company's training program, tapping into the technology in efforts to better prepare its workforce for the sales floor. The retailer showed off the program during a tour of its Fayetteville training academy Wednesday, which was part of Wal-Mart's shareholders week in Northwest Arkansas. The program Wal-Mart is utilizing was produced by STRIVR, a company that specializes in virtual-reality programs designed specifically as tools for learning and development. Its customers range from professional sports teams to Fortune 500 companies, according to the STRIVR website. Tom Ward, vice president of central operations for Wal-Mart U.S., said virtual reality is being used by the academies to simulate scenarios like the holiday rush, accidents or spills. "There might be certain things that you don't want to re-create [in a store] every day like a spill hazard or accident," Ward said. "Maybe there's a scenario around service where we want to show somebody exactly how to do something or how not to do it. We don't want to disrupt the business in the store to constantly re-create that same scenario." Wal-Mart demonstrated the educational benefits by showing a busy holiday-shopping scenario that was filmed in one of the company's stores. A volunteer wore the virtual-reality headset and was immersed in a hectic scene, which featured crowded aisles lined with customers and employees who were trying to direct traffic. The scene was visible to others in the classroom on two television screens on each side of the room. [EMAIL UPDATES: Get free breaking news alerts, daily newsletters with top headlines delivered to your inbox] A Wal-Mart spokesman said the program has been tested in about 30 training academies and will be rolled out to each location. Wal-Mart has about 155 training academies but plans to push the number to 200 by the end of the year. "Imagine being a new assistant manager having never worked in a Wal-Mart before," Ward said before the demonstration. "How on earth do you prepare somebody for the holiday peak season, that rush of a busy store and all of the action going around you? With this we can really prepare these leaders." Incorporating virtual reality into a training program for managers and assistant managers is just one of many steps the retailer has taken to better train its 1.5 million U.S. workers. In addition to investing $2.7 billion into employee wages, the retailer has invested in workforce initiatives. Executives believe that the efforts have played a significant role in Wal-Mart's ability to continue to attract customers and drive sales in its 4,700 U.S. stores. Wal-Mart reported same-store sales increased 1.4 percent during the first quarter of its fiscal year, the 11th-straight quarter of improvement. Traffic also increased 1.5 percent, which was the 10th-straight quarterly gain, during a time in which other brick-and-mortar retailers were experiencing declining results because of the rise of online shopping. Other tools outlined by the company Wednesday included the introduction of updated hand-held devices, which employees use to view a number of in-house apps that help manage inventory, locate products and see a store's real-time performance scores based on Wal-Mart's clean, fast and friendly criteria. The company has introduced software aimed at improving scheduling for employees as well, allowing part-time workers to add shifts more easily than before. Chris Norton, a longtime employee and a department manager at the Fayetteville store, said the efforts Wal-Mart has put into recent initiatives aimed at its employees is an improvement from the past. "It got derailed a little bit," Norton said. "They kind of forgot us, but we're on the right path now." Judith McKenna, chief operating officer for Wal-Mart's domestic stores, applauded workers for their performance during the company's meeting for U.S. employees at Bud Walton Arena earlier Wednesday. The morning pep rally featured actor Terry Crews and a performance by Julia Michaels. During her address to the crowd, McKenna credited employees with playing an important role in being "part of a company that is taking it to the competition." McKenna also said she believed that Wal-Mart's training academies have become a "game changer." The first academies opened in Fort Smith, Fayetteville and Carrollton, Texas, in early 2016. Courses last between two and six weeks, depending on the focus. Wal-Mart said it will train 250,000 employees in its academies this year. "We are still learning," McKenna said later during a question-and-answer session with the media. "I think we're on the right track in terms of how long some of our programs are. As we get into this, we might decide assistant manager training is eight weeks or five weeks or whatever that looks like. We are listening every step of the way." McKenna and U.S. Chief Executive Officer Greg Foran acknowledged the increasing role automation and technology is playing in retail. The executives also believe that Wal-Mart has an advantage in the changing retail landscape because of its workers. "Wal-Mart employs a lot of people," Foran told employees during the U.S. meeting. "We also serve a lot of people. The connections we make, the relationships you will build, they generate the spark that is at the core of the Wal-Mart experience. "But it takes work. If we get it wrong and the service is bad, then it can be a real downer. The experience won't be good for anyone. If you get it right, it's an enormous advantage." Business on 06/01/2017 Print Headline: To train workers, Wal-Mart adds virtual-reality program Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Wal-Mart CEO: Evolve, but perform, too Wal-Mart testing store employee delivery of o... Nissan, Ford report May U.S. sales gains, GM ... To train workers, Wal-Mart adds virtual-reali... Sawmill's revival gives Arkansas town a lift Personal shoppers help Wal-Mart expand online... Wal-Mart tests convenience store Exxon facing heat on climate Peach-short summer looks like the pits for so... More Business stories > Comments on: To train workers, Wal-Mart adds virtual-reality program To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Video of Trump as decapitated costs comic Kathy Griffin jobs (22 comments) At home, Trump faces growing inquiries (61 comments) VIDEO: Trump pulling U.S. from global climate pact, upsetting allies (16 comments) CNN cuts ties with Kathy Griffin over severed head video (36 comments) Putin denies involvement in hacking, praises Trump (10 comments) BRENDA LOOPER: An uncivil war (26 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Menu Television TV Shows Animation Awards Thriller Talent Reality Mythological Documentary Crime Comedy Drama Series Factual Food Fiction TV Channels Regional People News Broadcasting Specialised and Niche Sports Viewership Terrestrial Music and Youth Movie Channels English Entertainment Kids GECs Factual & Documentary Production House TV Commercial Post Production Online Content Non-Fiction Film Production Documentary Fiction Cable TV People Local Cable Operators DAS Multi System Operators DTH DTH Operator DTH Services People Regulators People I&B Ministry High Court Supreme Court TDSAT TRAI MAM Marketing Brands Above The Line MAM Below The Line Media and Advertising Sponsorship Ad Campaigns AD Agencies Account Event Agencies Digital Agencies Out Of Home People Media Agencies Satellites Insurance Satellite Launches Satellite Operators Teleports iWorld Video On Demand Telecom Broadband Social Media Pay-Per-View e-commerce eNews Over The Top Services IPTV Gaming Movies Short Films Regional Movies On Mutiple Platforms Documentary Hindi Hollywood International Independent Box Populi Technology ces Hardware Headend Equipment Set-top Boxes Uplinking & Downlinking Distribution Components Software Firmware Middleware Applications Resources Education insitutes Education Channels forums History Producers Media agencies Legal and Policies Jobs Cable TV MSOs Address Book Ad sales agents Ad agencies Satelite Reckoner Shooting floors TRAI Technology suppliers Studios DTH Specials Event Coverage IBC2016 VidNet ASIA TV FORUM Content Hub Ficci Frames Filmart Golden Globe Awards ICC WORLD CUP IDOS Mipcom Miptv MixRadio Music Connects News Television Summit Occasions Budget Budget 2000 Budget 2001 Budget 2002 Budget 2005 Budget 2014 Budget 2015 Budget 2016 Budget 2017 Year Enders Our events MAM ZeeMelt: Bitcoin to be biggest disruptor, predicts Project X's Nicholas Russel 01 Jun, 2017 - 10:05 AM IST     |     By indiantelevision.com Team     MUMBAI: It's the third year of disruptive marketing communication. Established companies had a hard time understanding why this model is a thing of the past. What it all comes down to is: that customers have become market-savvy forward-thinkers. Startups are entering the game and are giving customers what they want. They are disrupting the industry and forcing incumbents to catch up or fall behind. WATConsult CEO Rajiv Dingra said, “It's very important to know what disruption is -- it's not an event, it is a process, and digital creates a lot of disruption -- in many ways, like pricing and promotion.” Talking about disruptive pricing, Project X founder Nicholas Russel said, "If we think about pricing contextually, disruptive pricing is jumping in the real world and starts acting like pricing online. The main concern is about cost price and value. Considering Apple as a brand, the cost of making is $211 and the price we get it from the market is around $550, which helps in reaching the margin to $399, i.e 60%. Comparing Amazon with Walmart, the former pays 1/3rd of what Walmart pays for its retail stores.” Amazon retail online EB/EBITA ratio is 26.41. Talking about what e-commerce (Amazon) can do which retail can’t, he said, “E-commerce can have discounted price as compared to retail stores. And, it may lower the price for the good conditioned used products.” "Bitcoin is going to be the biggest disrupting things in the future which is not controlled by anyone, it is the market altogether. In future, it is possible that you won’t see the price tag on products -- it will be available after you scan the barcode on the product," Russel said. Dingra added, “Amazon is not an e-commerce company -- it has now become an ecosystem company." Lava business head & CMO Sunil Raina said, “Disrupting only happens through technological advancements. The challenges faced by Lava to be one of the best and trusted brands in industry are rapid tech changes, short product life cycle, transparent product, demonstration-based selling, different marketing, one brand mutiple channels, multiple pricing and the ever-evolving customer. To acheive the goal, Lava and XOLO have busted many myths in the industry and the business model of Lava and XOLO are single-layer distribution followed by cash & carry. Keeping the quality in mind it stands on two pillars -- first, the consistent product quality, and second, consistent great service. “For us, quality is not a trade-off for price,” Raina said. Lava claimed to have the highest reach of 1,65,000 retailers with $2 billion annual global revenue. About competition, Rana added, “We are building our base for the last seven years, and after an year, we will be prepared to take on Vivo and Oppo.” SapientRazorfish VP Saurabh Das said, “Service is basically -- live up to your brand promise wherever and whenever customers come calling. A brand needs to accelerate innovation in the service experience to create greater value for customers -- stay differentiated & monetise.” tags ZeeMeltNicholas RusselWatConsultRajiv DingraProject XSunil RainaLava business Trending BMS-OML ex-exec Talwar joins Das's Weirdass Comedy Publicis Media creates future-focused NexGen board, to drive transformation Republic TV files contempt petition against Times Group Sony Pictures & global banks among targets of N. Korean hackers, says Group-IB Hathway reports improved performance   Latest Reads DHFL Pramerica feted as 'Marketer of the Year' at Annual Insurance India Summit MUMBAI: DHFL Pramerica Life Insurance was felicitated as the Marketer of the Year 2017 at the 2nd Annual Insurance India Summit and Awards 2017 for delivering a full mix Marketing program for Dengue Shield. MAM Marketing MAM 02 Jun, 2017 ASSOCHAM & Videocon pledge GST summit across 200 towns MUMBAI: In a view to generate awareness and educate retail partners around GST implications, ASSOCHAM and the leading Consumer Electronics and Home Appliances Company, Videocon, organized the first-of-its-kind GST Summit for traders. The daylong ASSOCHAM Videocon GST Summit for traders witnessed... MAM Marketing Brands 02 Jun, 2017 Nissan India launches IGNITE 2.0 campaign Release: Nissan India launches IGNITE 2.0 brand campaign MUMBAI: Nissan India has launched the second phase of its IGNITE brand campaign with a focus on car enthusiasts ahead of the upcoming International Cricket Council (ICC) Champion’s Trophy tournament. A new TVC featuring John Abraham and Sushant Singh Rajput for the IGNITE 2.0 campaign was rolled... MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 02 Jun, 2017 Life is a beautiful sport, says Lacoste campaign MUMBAI: Lacoste presents the brand film “Timeless” at the heart of a new advertising campaign. Broadcast around the world, the campaign will be shown on TV, online, and outdoor. The campaign is accompanied by digital ads and bumpers. MAM Marketing MAM 02 Jun, 2017 Sonam to showcase Kalyan's Ziah collection Kalyan Jewellers, India’s most trusted and leading jewellery brand, has launched Ziah - Infinite Sparkles, an exquisite range of diamond jewellery, which recreates the perfect look of Solitaires. MAM Marketing Brands 02 Jun, 2017 betterU ropes in Chris Gayle as brand ambassador betterU, India’s largest online marketplace for education, has announced that Chris Gayle, cricketer from the Indian Premier League (IPL), has joined betterU’s Brand Ambassador programme in the company’s effort to continue to grow awareness and draw attention to the importance and personal value of... MAM Marketing Brands 01 Jun, 2017 How can AI help brands to understand what will visually work For a brand to survive and succeed, reaching out to the readers and the non-readers -- young or old -- is critical. There is a section of the consumers who may not want to read, but they could look up and notice -- at least. And, enjoy -- may be. 'Visual' seems to the new norm in the communication... MAM Marketing MAM 01 Jun, 2017 GroupM cos Maxus & MEC merged into new global network, digital-first media services expanded GroupM, the world’s leading media investment group, has announced a portfolio restructure to improve service and delivery to clients. MAM Marketing MAM 01 Jun, 2017 iCubesWire appoints Devinder Sharma iCubesWire, a leading digital marketing solution and concept provider, recently appointed Devinder Sharma as its chief growth officer. He will be responsible for growth across the company’s offices including Gurgaon and Mumbai. MAM Media and Advertising People 01 Jun, 2017 Gallery The content Paradigm 25 Aug, 2016 The Customer: Vidnet 2016 25 Aug, 2016 Proud winners at the NT Awards 2016 04 Jul, 2016 A night to remember: NT AWARDS 2016 - Part 2 30 Jun, 2016   Latest News Load More Subscribe Newsletter TVLinx | ADLinx | Archive What to Read Next DHFL Pramerica feted as 'Marketer of the Year' at Annual Insurance India Summit MUMBAI: DHFL Pramerica Life Insurance was felicitated as the Marketer of the Year 2017 at the 2nd Annual Insurance India Summit and Awards 2017 for delivering a full mix Marketing program for Dengue Shield. MAM Marketing MAM 02 Jun, 2017 ASSOCHAM & Videocon pledge GST summit across 200 towns MAM Marketing Brands 02 Jun, 2017 Nissan India launches IGNITE 2.0 campaign Release: Nissan India launches IGNITE 2.0 brand campaign MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 02 Jun, 2017 Life is a beautiful sport, says Lacoste campaign MAM Marketing MAM 02 Jun, 2017 Sonam to showcase Kalyan's Ziah collection MAM Marketing Brands 02 Jun, 2017 More News Red FM is back with Thappa's season 5 Lost in Space 1.0 ft Upgrade Stiv Hey Source By Radioandmusic.com Vivek looking to do powerful, intense love story Awesome threesome: Karan, Ravi and Rithvik’s Yaariyan in Spain Anooj Kapoor joins Dheeraj Kumar's Creative Eye Source By Tellychakkar.com Google Doodle welcomes ICC Champions Trophy 2017 with its pest cricket game Fox Animation picks feature film rights for Molly Ostertag’s upcoming graphic Nick launches interactive, play-along videos on preschool Noggin App Source By Animationxpress.com Editor's Choice DHFL Pramerica feted as 'Marketer of the Year' at Annual Insurance India Summit MAM 02 Jun, 2017 ASSOCHAM & Videocon pledge GST summit across 200 towns Brands 02 Jun, 2017 Nissan India launches IGNITE 2.0 campaign Release: Nissan India launches IGNITE 2.0 brand campaign Ad Campaigns 02 Jun, 2017 Life is a beautiful sport, says Lacoste campaign MAM 02 Jun, 2017 Sonam to showcase Kalyan's Ziah collection Brands 02 Jun, 2017 Articles By Category News Headline Executive Dossier Comment Special Report Research Case Study Genre Primer Financials Reviews Events Promos & Campaigns Press Release Sign up for our Newsletter subscribe for latest stories Facebook Twitter YouTube Linkedin RSS Television Cable TV DTH Regulators MAM Satellites iWorld Movies Technology Resources Specials Our events About Privacy Disclaimer Advertise Contact Us 2017 @ Copyright Indiantelevision Dot Com Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.
Style Beauty Love Video Weddings Subscribe Give a Gift Digital Editions Follow Celebrities & Entertainment Back Celebrities & Entertainment Celeb News Celebs TV Movies Books Music Beauty & Style Back Beauty & Style Beauty & Style News Beauty Advice Beauty How Tos Style Style How Tos Cosmo Beauty Closet Politics College Career Health & Fitness Back Health & Fitness Health & Fitness How Tos Food & Cocktails Sex & Relationships Back Sex & Relationships Sex News Cosmo Confessions Sex Positions Sex Tips Guys Weddings Bedroom Blog Parenting Cosmo For Latinas Horoscopes Lenny Letter All News All Videos Subscribe Back Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Newsletter Follow Back Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Youtube Tumblr Promotions Win Type keyword(s) to search A 16-Year-Old Girl Is Accused of Hacking an Uber Driver to Death "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." GettyTribune Broadcasting - Anna Burkart By Associated Press Jun 1, 2017 A 16-year-old girl walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she'd stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at the driver, prosecutors said at a hearing on Wednesday. The driver died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker that led to her arrest. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below A prosecutor read in court a description of the attack that said Eliza Wasni simply climbed into a car driven by 34-year-old Grant Nelson, and stabbed him and hacked him to death early Tuesday morning. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, held without bond. The 2-page description offers no reason for the attack, but portrays Wasni as a calm girl who "nonchalantly" could be seen walking through Walmart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. Prosecutors said that Nelson, a resident of Wilmette, picked the girl up shortly after 3 a.m. Tuesday in Lincolnwood. It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said that Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, "Help me, help me! I'm going to die!" until residents called 911. Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. When Lincolnwood police arrived, they found the vehicle with blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson's phone open to the Uber app. The app said that Nelson's passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found her nearby crouching behind an air conditioner — a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners," Uber said in a statement. "Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Nelson's sister, Alex Nelson, told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. "He was not a vindictive person," Alex Nelson said. "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Share Tweet Email More From Lifestyle Putin Says There May Be Some "Patriotic" Hackers Gay Vulture Dads Are Bae Advertisement - Continue Reading Below What It's Like to Plan a Long-Distance Wedding Inside Disney World's Brand-New "Avatar" Section Dani Mathers Apologizes for Snapchat Body Shaming What It's Like to Be a Professional Kitten Rescuer The First Time I Was Body-Shamed... Thieves Steal 30,000 Condoms, So Many Sex Toys Instagram Account Posts Controversial "Makeover" 15 Crazy Stories From Walmart Workers Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Lifestyle An Uber Driver Saved a Teen Girl From Prostitution Pop Star Accuses Uber Driver of Sexual Harassment Uber Says Their Drivers Can't Carry Guns ... Anymore Girl Reportedly Died Taking an"Extreme Selfie" Uber Driver Accused of Rape Had a Fake Permit Farrah Abraham Takes Back Claim That an Uber Driver Tried to Rape Her Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Cosmo Books Work For Cosmo Become A Cosmo Intern Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get this Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means Cosmopolitan gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Share Tweet Email
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 67° Low 65° High 85° Fayetteville 60° Low 60° High 82° Bentonville 63° Low 61° High 81° See complete forecast Walmart Associates Connect At Shareholders Event Posted 9:34 pm, May 31, 2017, by Seth Stephenson Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video FAYETTEVILLE (KFSM) -- Throughout the week, associates from Walmart stores from all corners of the Earth will be in Fayetteville for the company's shareholders event. Some associates said they were surprised to see so many opportunities offered to them during their trip. Stacey Martinez is an associate from Arizona. She said the one thing that stuck out to her was the kindness shown by everyone at the event. During a bus ride Wednesday afternoon, Martinez said she saw groups of people from various countries laughing and simply having some fun. “It’s just cool seeing people laughing with each other even though they don’t understand what each other are saying," Martinez said. "It’s just nice to see that when there is so much going on in the world and on this level it’s like we’re just human and everybody is just kind to one another and it’s just great.” Lucas Freitas is an associate from Mexico and said this is not the first time he has been to America. This is the first time though that he attended Walmart's shareholders event. He said he has been to similar events with other companies, but this one is very different. One of the big differences he said was the people and how open they are to others. He attributed this to the spirit of Northwest Arkansas. “How people are engaged," Freitas said. "How people are trying to get in touch with you, people from other countries, from other cultures. They are willing to understand what you do. They are willing to connect. That kind of stuff is very cool.” The events will last until Friday (June 2) and then the associates will return to their stores. Martinez said she was excited to take what she learned and share it with her coworkers. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Adventure Arkansas Check the latest 5NEWS adventure. Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Baby Dies After Pregnant Mom Is Seriously Injured In Crash With Suspected Drunk Driver Former Univision Arkansas Host Faces Rape Charge Lavaca Man Airlifted To Hospital After Getting Attacked By Cow Police: Football Player Shot Dead After Recent High School Graduation Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Bentonville Residents Give Final Input On Parks Plan Fort Smith Police Investigate Credit Card Phishing Scam ‘Help Me! I’m Going To Die’: 16-Year-Old Illinois Girl Accused Of Killing Uber Driver With Knife, Machete Hundreds Without Power In Cave Springs News Walmart Shareholders Meeting Brings More Business News Walmart To Begin Testing Associate Delivery News Changes Made To Fayetteville Event Parking News Block Party Draws Sea Of People To Local Businesses News Local Food Pantry Gets Major Food Donation From Walmart Shareholders Week News Chuck E. Cheese’s Launches Sensory Sensitive Sundays For Kids With Special Needs News A League Of Their Own Cast Teams Up For Reunion Game News Muldrow Mom Recalls Son’s Recovery With Rare Skin Condition News Local Brewery Community Explodes In Northwest Arkansas News BBQ Competition Draws Crowds To Gravette News Fort Smith Holds Rich Baseball History News U.S. Paralympic Athletes Compete In Battle With The Blades News Walmart: Woman Filmed Making Racist Comments Banned From Shopping In Store Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Sports Things to Do Life Obituaries e-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site Archive 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver to death Wednesday May 31, 2017 at 7:15 PM May 31, 2017 at 8:38 PM The driver died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker that led to her arrest. THE ASSOCIATED PRESS A 16-year-old girl walked out of a suburban Chicago Walmart holding a machete and knife she'd stolen, climbed into an Uber car and began hacking at the driver, prosecutors said at a hearing on Wednesday. The driver died of his wounds Tuesday after giving police a description of the attacker that led to her arrest. A prosecutor read in court a description of the attack that said Eliza Wasni simply climbed into a car driven by 34-year-old Grant Nelson, and stabbed him and hacked him to death early Tuesday morning. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, held without bond. The 2-page description offers no reason for the attack, but portrays Wasni as a calm girl who "nonchalantly" could be seen walking through Walmart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. Prosecutors said that Nelson, a resident of Wilmette, picked the girl up shortly after 3 a.m. Tuesday in Lincolnwood. It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said that Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, "Help me, help me! I'm going to die!" until residents called 911. Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. When Lincolnwood police arrived, they found the vehiclewith blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson's phone open to the Uber app. The app said that Nelson's passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found her nearby crouching behind an air conditioner — a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners," Uber said in a statement. "Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Nelson's sister, Alex Nelson, told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. "He was not a vindictive person," Alex Nelson said. "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Contact Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Classifieds Submit Announcements & News Market Place Classifieds Real Estate Your Community News Blotters Herkimer County Oneida-Verona New Hartford Rome Utica Whitestown Blogs - Living - Sports Boilermaker College Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Uticaod ~ 221 Oriskany Plaza, Utica, NY 13501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Nation & World Police & Fire Shareable State News Public Eye Blotters Databases Sports High School Utica Comets College Outdoors Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music Scene TV Guide Calendar Life Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Shareables Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Records Obituaries iSpy More State of Addiction 200th Anniversary MV All-Stars Photos Videos Calendar Blogs Games Contests History Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber My Profile e-Edition Subscriber Services Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Register / Sign in Training Health and injuries Nutrition and weight loss Shoes and gear Beginners Tools and calculators Podcasts Forums NEW! RW BOX RW meal plans Shop Get newsletters Subscribe to magazine VIP: Run with us RW Half & Festival Retailer program Events and promotions 2017 calendar Customer Service Advertising Amazon Affiliate Copyright Notice Terms of Use Email Preferences Rodale Brands Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus Pinterest Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. No reproduction, transmission or display is permitted without the written permissions of Rodale Inc. Privacy Policy.   About Us. Enter the terms you wish to search for. Shoes Training Nutrition Run to Lose Subscribe Runners’ Stories Runners' Stories Did Running Save My Life? When I was 25, I ran away from a small town in Ohio. At age 46, I ran back to see how it—and I—had changed. By Mark Remy Thursday, June 1, 2017, 8:37 am Jordi Lafebre Certain creatures—salmon, puffins, sea turtles—travel great distances to return to their place of birth, usually to reproduce. It’s a process called “natal homing,” and scientists aren’t sure exactly how it works. They suspect things like geomagnetic imprinting play a role. When I returned to my own birthplace, a journey of about 2,400 miles, I used American Airlines. Advertisement Advertisement Newsletters Delivered to your inbox warmup Quote of the Day, motivation, and inspiration — every morning rundown Advice on training, nutrition, shoes, and more — every evening Keep this field blank Enter your email address You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us I decided to go back, some 20 years after I’d left, for a few reasons: The place still exerted a pull on me, for reasons I didn’t understand. (Geomagnetic imprinting? Could be.) I was curious to overlay what was there today on the place I remember from my youth. Also I couldn’t shake the feeling that I had unfinished business there, emotionally. More than anything, I went back as a sort of pilgrimage. Circleville, Ohio, a town of about 13,000 some 30 miles south of Columbus, wasn’t just where I was born—it’s where I became a runner. I’d come to realize just how crucial that development was for me, both personally and professionally. As in, If I hadn’t become a runner, my life today would look very, very different. And probably not in a good way. I wanted to go back and drive the roads I’d traced, over and over and over, first as a cyclist and then as a runner. I wanted to track down old friends, including a guy named Denny—the man who, pretty much single-handedly, turned me into a runner. I also wanted to do some thinking. Not just about my past and my present and how one informed the other—still informs it, in fact—but about the nature of growth, about the power of running to strengthen us in ways that go way beyond physical, about fate. I also wanted to see whether Lindsey’s Bakery was still there, and if so whether they still made those smiley-face cookies. (It is, and they do.) Jordi Lafebre In my fantasy, the stepfather—I still don’t like to use his name—is buckled into the back seat of a sedan as it slowly fills with tear gas. He’s scared. He grows agitated, then frantic, screaming. He pounds on the windows. Through a speaker I’ve placed in the car, I explain things slowly, as I watch him writhe: “We don’t need to roll the windows down to get fresh air,” I say. “Someday I’ll show you how this car’s air-circulation system works.” Because that’s what he told me when I was 10, after he lit a cigarette and I asked him to crack a window. Cigarette smoke wasn’t the only thing awful about the stepfather. But it was the most noxious, literally, and I’ve associated that smell with him ever since. During his reign, cigarettes were omnipresent. In the living room. At the dinner table. The laundry room. And, of course, in the car. Today I believe that I became a cyclist, and then a runner, at least in part as a repudiation of this—as a way to do something, anything, in response. It was my way of giving this guy the finger without actually giving him the finger. What’s the diametric opposite of filling your lungs with carcinogenic smoke? Filling them with fresh air, out on an open road. Over and over and over, for miles at a time. RELATED: Avoid Pollutants for Breathing No Matter Where You Live If I run fast enough, far enough, will it rid my hair and clothing of that stale nicotine stench? Not quite. But it’s nice to imagine. Will I escape for real someday? Bust out and just keep running? You bet your ass I will. And every mile I log, every step I take, gets me a little bit stronger and a little bit closer. I knew that my love of cycling and running was a positive thing, even back then, and I knew they were making me healthier and stronger. I just didn’t grasp the full extent of it. Not then. Now I do. Now, too, I feel a strange blend of gratitude and horror. I’m grateful for running and everything it’s done for me. Horrified when I pause to imagine how easily I could have missed out on all of it. Jordi Lafebre The Pickaway County YMCA is a blocky flat-topped building on the east side of town, just north of Circleville High. My life began at Berger Hospital, a mile west, in 1970. But my life as a runner began here, at the Y, circa 1994. It was winter break and I was home from school. I’d been running a little, as off-season cross-training for cycling, so I bought a temporary pass to the Y, which had a 115-meter indoor track. That’s where I met Denny. Denny was older, with a daughter my age, and had a habit of befriending and mentoring young runners. He was a blue-collar guy, compact and strong, soft-spoken but funny. His calves seemed carved from stone. He always had a deep tan, even in winter, and carefully combed hair. Really, you should have seen his hair. He was quiet, but pulled no punches. One of the first things he did was make me buy new shoes. (When we met, I ran in tennis shoes. And not in the generic, Midwest sense that all athletic shoes are “tennis shoes.” I mean they were tennis shoes.) Under his watch, I learned about nutrition, hydration, racing, recovery, etiquette. All of it. Denny was Runner’s World personified. On Denny’s advice I registered for a Valentine’s Day run, a 15-miler, and ran well enough to snag an age-group award. A coffee mug. I still keep it on a shelf in my office. That race was my final exam and graduation ceremony all rolled into one. A few months later I would run my first marathon. RELATED: First Marathon Advice and Tips I thought a lot about Denny as I planned my visit, trying without luck to track him down. As far as Google was concerned, he didn’t exist. I asked friends who still had ties to the area. Nothing. So I know it’s a long shot—it’s been 20 years, after all—but once I get to town I drive to the YMCA and ask the woman behind the counter: “This name ring a bell? Tan guy? Runner? Used to come here all the time?” Nope, sorry. I give up. Until it occurs to me (duh) to check a phone book. I reach him, finally, and we schedule a meeting. I’ll swing by his house in a couple of days. Till then, I have some exploring to do, and some running, and one other reunion with an old friend. Jordi Lafebre When he was 29, my father was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia. Thirteen days later he was gone. I was 6. I’ve spent the better part of my life since then trying to strike a balance between “moving past” this trauma and obsessing over it—acknowledging that it’s surely affected my development, my personality, my relationships, and so on, without ceding control over those things or wallowing in self-pity or ever using it as an excuse. It was hard, of course, losing my dad at such a young age. Hard, too, having a toddler sister who couldn’t begin to understand what was happening and a mother who understood all too well. My mom would remarry a few years later, and we’d all move to a new house in a new school district. With the stepfather and his cartons of Kents. He would be in the picture until, roughly, my sophomore year of high school—shortly after I became an athlete. I have few memories of my father, and what memories I do have are hazy. But I’ve always had an idea of the kind of man he was, and the kind of man he’d want me to be. As I wrote a few years back, in a Father’s Day column: I’d be lying if I said that I began running because of my dad, or that I dedicate every single run to his memory, or anything that dramatic. Still. He sometimes drifts into my thoughts while I’m running, and especially while I’m racing. Sometimes, if I’m patient enough, a tiny bit of it does make sense. Sometimes, I realize—14 years after the fact—that when I ran my fastest-ever marathon, it was in Ohio, about a half hour’s drive north of the cemetery where my father is buried. Then I realize that I was 29 years old at the time, and that my mother was there to see me finish. Is it possible that, all this time, I’ve been running not from something or toward something, but for something? For someone? A man I never really knew? I’ll never know for sure. What I do know is that during my recent visit the first stop I made, even before I checked into my hotel, was the cemetery where my father is buried. It’s a big cemetery. I hadn’t been there in years. But my car steered itself over the winding gravel lanes to exactly the right spot. Welcome home. Circleville still doesn’t have a running store. But hey—now there’s a gun shop on Main Street. What else is new? Not a lot. I’m not sure what I expected, but 20 years later the town looks more or less the same. I almost feel let down. Apart from the gun shop—a T-shirt in the window suggests that Democrats can shove gun control up their [picture of donkey]—there’s a hulking Walmart Supercenter just south of town, with the usual assortment of shops and restaurants that surround big-box stores like remoras clinging to a whale. So you’ve got your Buffalo Wild Wings, your GameStop, your Great Clips. There’s a combination Long John Silver’s/KFC restaurant. Next door to all this is the abandoned RCA factory. It used to produce glass TV picture tubes 24 hours a day, seven days a week. I worked there for a couple of summers during college. One of those summers I did a bike race, a time trial, in a nearby town the morning of a 4:00-to-midnight shift. Only race I ever won. The factory closed in 2004. Last I heard, the Ohio EPA had a plan for “removal of lead and other industrial contaminants” on the site. I see a few dollar stores. Those are new. A lot of confederate flags, too. I see them streaming behind pickups, in front of homes. Those are new, too. Or did I just not notice them before? I realize how many of these places—streets, blocks, intersections—are backdrops in my dreams. That’s a little surreal. I head out of town, almost on autopilot. Here’s my high school, and the junior high, where I made a pathetic attempt to join the track team and positively sucked in the hundred-yard dash. I stop to have a look inside. It’s summer, so I have the halls to myself. Same polished floors, same seafoam-green tile in the men’s room, same vaguely antiseptic smell. Same classrooms, including the one where our history teacher, also a preacher, told us that carbon dating was a lie. I learn from a cheerful woman in the office that the school no longer offers journalism. The student newspaper is gone, too, she says. That stings. I drive on, to the old neighborhood, a small subdivision a few miles east of town. It’s remarkably unchanged. My childhood home looks tired, though—a painted aluminum shutter hangs loose and a shabby fence surrounds the backyard. Then I hear gunshots. I’d forgotten there’s a gun range across the road. Later, when I check its website, I read a headline on the homepage: “When the Killer’s Gun Jams…Can You Recognize an Opportunity for Action?” Onward. Here’s the house of a high school classmate who killed himself after graduation. Here’s Circleville Bible College, except now it’s called Ohio Christian University, which sounds like a promotion to me. Oh, yeah. Here’s where the stepfather’s parents lived. I hated this house. The stepfather’s father was a one-armed man who took great pride in the plants and flowers he grew and was a vocal racist. I still remember him passing through a room and glimpsing The Cosby Show on TV. “I don’t want to see those n------s,” he said. These places are all dots on a mental map, connected the way detectives link mugshots on a big bulletin board. I think of this map today and imagine all those years of biking and running over it, every direction, in lines, loops, and squiggles, trying to scribble over something that couldn’t be erased. Jordi Lafebre I hadn’t seen Kevin since college. In high school we’d been close friends—I only had a handful—and after that we both went to Ohio University, in Athens. Then things went bad. In my last vivid memory of Kevin (a pseudonym), it’s freshman year and I’m in my dorm room, trying to sleep. It’s late. He and my roommate (another Circleville kid) are sitting near my bed. They’ve been drinking and are taunting me. Not in a friendly, joshing sort of way. It’s hostile. Specifically it’s about my cycling. They’re conversing loudly about it, amusing themselves. “Gotta get up early to ride your bike,” one of them says. “Riding around and around and around in circles,” says the other. “And getting nowhere.” “Ending up right where you began.” I imagine this attitude is fairly typical among the people I grew up with. But hearing it from these two hurts. A few years ago, I found Kevin on Facebook and we did a little catching up. He was still in Circleville, married, with a kid. He ended our chat with this: “Oh yeah, sorry for being such a d—-at OU. It still bothers me. If you ever come back this way, get in touch.” So I did. We meet at a sports bar on Main Street. I arrive early and order a beer. Soon after, Kevin enters and walks right by me until I call out. “Dude!” He’s a bit heavier now. His eyes look tired. There’s dirt under his nails. We sit and drink. It’s awkward, but less so as the beer does its thing. We discuss life since school, his and mine. Kevin mentions that he tried running a while back. “I went out and bought these shoes,” he says, showing me the Brooks he’s worn to the bar. “Ran around Hargus Lake. Hurt my bones. Oh my God, I was aching.” He hasn’t run since. Does he see anyone else from our class? A few guys, he says, rattling off some names. He mentions one in particular. “He went around with an engagement ring in his pocket,” Kevin says. “Seriously. He married some old bar hag.” He steps outside for a smoke. Kevin left college with a business degree, but a low GPA and a bad job market made finding work tough. So he looked to the factories where he’d worked summers during school. He landed a job, was laid off, found another. Somewhere along the line, he decided he would learn to fly. So he did. “Still carry my license,” he tells me. He pulls out his wallet, digs around, and slaps a pilot’s license on the bar. He hasn’t flown in years. “Can’t afford it.” Flying was supposed to be Kevin’s ticket out. At one point he quit his job and went to Florida, seeking work in aviation. Then his wife got pregnant. So back he went to Ohio, this time for good. “Now I’m stuck here,” he says. There’s no bitterness or resentment in his voice. Just acceptance. Well, that’s life. Another round? Sure. Cheers. We finish our beers, wrap things up, share a quick hug. He walks out the back door to his car. I walk out the front door to mine. It doesn’t occur to me at the time, but this is probably the last time we’ll ever see each other. Life is a series of small choices that can have profound effects. It’s so random. And so scary. This, I think, is another reason I run. Running helps me cope with this knowledge, this randomness and scariness. When I run, whether it’s for 20 minutes or two hours, life isn’t random or scary anymore. The big picture shrinks to a more manageable size. Running, I come to realize, is the stitching that’s held my life together. Not just day to day but year to year, life stage to life stage. Jordi Lafebre Running followed me from Ohio to Pennsylvania, where I knew exactly zero people and began my professional life. Then to New York, where a therapist asked me, in our first session, if I keep photos of my father near me and I pulled out my wallet to show him a black-and-white senior year portrait and then started crying. Then back to Pennsylvania, where I got married and started a family, then to Oregon. In the background, though, always, there is Circleville. Where my own small choices (and some dumb luck) would put me on a path leading out. Where biking and running would help to shape my identity, help me cope, help me escape. How? By training me to step out of my comfort zone. To believe that I could do something, and then do it (or at least try). To face a fork in the road and choose the scarier route over the safer one. RELATED: 7 Ways That Running Makes You a Better Person Can I ride my bike 100 miles in five hours? Yeah, I can do that. Train through searing Ohio summers and deep-freeze Ohio winters, with plastic bags over my socks to prevent frostbite? Hey, I can do that, too. Run a marathon? Yep. Pack a U-Haul and leave everything and everyone I know for someplace new? Let’s do it. All those years on my bike and in my running shoes, I was like a guy tunneling out of prison with a spoon. The work was quiet and painfully incremental. But each day got me a little bit closer to freedom. Until one day, I broke through. Jordi Lafebre When I reach out to shake Denny’s hand, he pulls me in. We haven’t seen each other in at least 20 years. Now we’re hugging in his living room, in a modest ranch house just outside town. “It’s good to see you again,” he says. His eyes still crinkle when he smiles. I tell him it’s good to see him, too, and that he looks great. Which he does. “I’ve gone white,” he says. “And fat.” In fact, Denny’s hair has gone gray—not sure I’d call it white—and he does have a small belly. But little else has changed. He’s got the same twinkle in his eye, he’s just as quick to grin. You still get the vague sense that he’s up to something. We head into his carpeted living room, past a treadmill. “It doesn’t get much use anymore,” Denny tells me. He brings two cups of coffee and two packets of nondairy creamer. We sit and talk. At age 76, Denny has been retired for a few years. He doesn’t run much these days, he says, though I don’t entirely buy that. Partly because I can’t imagine him not running and partly because he’s always been modest to a fault. (At one point he tries telling me he was never really a runner, just “a guy who liked to run.” When I first met him, Denny ran nearly every day. His philosophy on rest days was “rest is what sleep is for.”) His memory is still sharp. “I remember you didn’t want to run,” he says, recalling the day we met. “Didn’t see any sense in it.” Sounds about right to me. I recall biking with a friend, back in the day, and shouting as we passed a runner, “You’re going to ruin your knees!” Yeah. I was one of those guys. Sorry. Denny remembers ordering me into proper running shoes. He remembers recommending Sauconys. He remembers that the Sauconys I bought were purple. He remembers how hard it was to be a runner in Circleville 20 years ago. “You’d get spit on, rocks thrown at you,” he says. “Not many people around here ran.” Today, he tells me, there are runners “everywhere” in Circleville. I wouldn’t go that far—during my three days there I saw just a handful. But everything is relative. After a long goodbye and another hug, I drive off. Denny calls me 20 minutes later. “I never asked how your running was going,” he says, sounding regretful. I tell him, in broad strokes—lots of races, including 26 marathons. Some Bostons. Writing for Runner’s World. And so on. “Well, I always told you you were a runner,” he says. “You didn’t believe me.” At a fundamental level, running is about travel. And travel is about going someplace else, someplace new. You run, you move. You get stronger and more confident. Run long enough, and you begin to equate movement with energy and growth and discovery. Sitting still? That equals sloth, atrophy, confinement. Ultimately, death. Growing up, my hometown was all about sitting still. Even before I knew what the word provincial meant, I knew it was a provincial place. It still is, at least among older residents. Like those who reacted to the news that we’d gotten our infant daughter a passport not with, “How exciting! Where are you going?” but with a puzzled, “What does she need that for?” Running helped me navigate that world. And then catapulted me out of it. Eventually, through running, I’d see Iowa, North Carolina, South Carolina, California, Alaska, Oregon, Chicago, Virginia, Colorado, Boston, Vermont, Florida, Hawaii. Italy. And now, back to Circleville. Jordi Lafebre After spending a few days here, dredging and reconnecting, I’m still no closer to knowing whether the town has changed much, or whether I have. Probably both. The day before I leave, I meet a Facebook friend for a run at Hargus Lake—the same place where Kevin tried to run and “hurt his bones.” Same place I took hikes with fellow Boy Scouts as we prepared for a trip out West, our backpacks weighed down with gallon jugs of water. My first experience with endurance training. TRAIN WITH RW: Plans for every distance (and every runner) in 3 easy ways! I’m reminded here that running isn’t only about the places it takes you, but the people you meet along the way. Two others have joined us for our run—a woman who recently moved to Circleville from Seattle and a kid who just graduated from high school in a town 45 minutes away—a place even smaller than Circleville. Ben (let’s call him) is wearing a headband. Ben is quiet. I like Ben already. We run around the lake, chatting and leaping over streams. We walk some of the hills. Afterward we stand in the parking lot where we’d met, talking. It’s like a prayer circle, except we aren’t praying. (Or are we?) We talk about running and how it brings people together. Also about how it seems to adapt to your emotional needs, helping you cope with everything. I don’t get into my own backstory, but my friend describes how running helped her through a divorce. Ben mentions depression and anxiety and describes how it affects his running, and vice versa. Ben is tall and thin and slightly awkward—he reminds me of myself at his age. As we head to our cars, I tell him that I’m glad he mentioned his depression. Too often, people are afraid to talk about that stuff, which only makes things worse. I tell Ben that I’ve dealt with those same issues for most of my adult life. That meds and therapy have helped beyond measure. I tell him not to be shy about asking for help. Definitely keep running, I tell him. It won’t cure your depression and anxiety. But it can be an enormous help as you cope with those things. He nods. As we part ways, I tell him that he’ll be okay. Things will be okay, really. And I mean it. Tags: Runners' StoriesRW June 2017Featured ContentMotivation Comments Show comments Privacy Policy  |  About Us Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from... {* loginWidget *} With a traditional account... {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} By logging in, you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome back! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Deactivated Account Your account has been deactivated. Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} By clicking "Sign in", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} I have read and agree to the terms of use and privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Edit Your Account Profile Photo {* photoManager *} Linked Accounts {* linkedAccounts *} {* #linkAccountContainer *} Link your accounts Allows you to sign in to your account using that provider in the future. {* loginWidget *} {* /linkAccountContainer *} Password Change Password Deactivate Account Deactivate Account Account Info {* #editProfileForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* gender *} {* birthdate *} {* displayName *} {* emailAddress *} {* resendLink *} {* phone *} {* addressStreetAddress1 *} {* addressStreetAddress2 *} {* addressCity *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* addressState *} {* addressCountry *} {* savedProfileMessage *} {* /editProfileForm *} Change password {* #changePasswordForm *} {* currentPassword *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordForm *} Deactivate your Account Are you sure you want to deactivate your account? You will no longer have access to your profile. {* deactivateAccountForm *} No {* /deactivateAccountForm *} Almost Done! Please provide the information below before signing in. {* #requiredFieldsForm *} {* displayName *} {* backButton *} {* /requiredFieldsForm *} PREV NEXT Ad Blocker Detected Advertising helps us deliver great running information and advice Enter your email or disable your ad blocker to access all content on Keep this field blank You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us
This site is part of the Global Exhibitions Division of Informa PLC Informa PLC About us Investor relations Talent This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 3099067. Informa Resource Center Article Archives Ashwagandha Advantage Blogs Buyer’s Guide Classic Digital Magazines Editor's Choice Awards Flaxseed Research Center Galleries Infographics Ingredient Buying Center Jobs Podcasts Reports Webinars Whitepapers Video Digital Summits Documentaries INSIDER TV Categories Animal Nutrition Contract Manufacturing Digestive Health Essential Fatty Acids (EFAs) Eye Health Joint Health Minerals Plant-Based Ingredients Snack Foods Sports Nutrition Tableting Weight Management Women's Health More Topics Events Ingredient Marketplace SupplySide West Vitafoods Asia Vitafoods Europe Buyer's Guide Ingredients Health Conditions Contract Manufacturing Packaging CPG Awards FTC Mailing Additional Refunds to Consumers who Purchased Green Coffee Bean Extract Blog May 31, 2017 The FTC on Tuesday divulged it is refunding consumers who bought green coffee bean extract supplements from retailers like Walmart, reflecting the second mailing of refunds related to the same lawsuit against Pure Health LLC, Genesis Today Inc., and their principal, Lindsey Duncan. The agency is mailing nearly 39,000 refund checks totaling US$1.9 million to consumers who purchased the products from retailers, according to an FTC news release. In June 2016, the agency used the defendants’ sales records to mail refunds to nearly 200,000 people who purchased the products online, according to the news release. Under a claims process FTC announced when the first checks were mailed, individuals who submitted valid claims before the deadline are receiving full refunds, averaging $49.66 each, the agency said. The previous refunds from the online purchases averaged $47.93 each. In a complaint filed in January 2015, FTC alleged the defendants deceptively claimed the supplement would cause individuals to lose 17 pounds and 16 percent of their body fat in 12 weeks without diet or exercise, and that the claim was supported by a clinical study. Under a settlement with the agency, the defendants are prohibited from making deceptive weight loss claims about any food or dietary supplement, and they were required to set aside money for the refund program. In a similar lawsuit last year, a judge ordered the co-founder of a green coffee extract business to surrender $29.1 million after finding the businessman’s companies made unsupported weight loss claims, operated fake news websites, and failed to reveal women touting the product were paid for their testimonials. In support of weight loss claims that drew FTC’s attention, the defendant predominantly relied on a small study that was highlighted in a 2012 episode of The Dr. Oz Show. But the government said participants lost most of their weight while they were not taking any green coffee antioxidant capsules. Tweet Comments Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus INSIDER Law Josh Long Navigating the regulatory environment of dietary supplements and conventional foods can be a challenging task especially since different countries’ legal requirements vary. Josh Long gives natural products brands the skinny on laws governing foods and supplements. Josh started with VIRGO (now Informa Exhibitions) in 2010, and began working on INSIDER in 2012. Email him at josh.long@informa.com, and connect with him on Twitter and LinkedIn. Ashwagandha Advantage Ashwagandha: Adaptogen of Today Discover the latest SupplySide Global Experience Documentary, which explores how KSM-66 is marrying traditional knowledge about ashwagandha with today’s production and traceability standards to yield solutions to today’s health challenges. Visit Site Podcasts Healthy INSIDER Podcast 72: Vitafoods Insights—Blue Light and Macular Carotenoids More Image Galleries Slide Show: Overview of Sports Nutrition Considerations Slide Show: Heart Health Marketplace Slide Show: Probiotics Marketplace More Email Updates Weekly Newsletter of top headlines and must-read articles Notices when new premium content is released Popular Blog Product Recall, US Track Ban and Health Canada Warning Tied to Ostarine Supplements May 31, 2017 67 views News Biotech Company To Launch Patented Herbal Breakthrough, 10x More Potent Than Black Cumin Seed Oil May 31, 2017 26 views News Steviana Bioscience Commercializes Global Patented Crystallization Process May 31, 2017 21 views Blog FTC Mailing Additional Refunds to Consumers who Purchased Green Coffee Bean Extract May 31, 2017 21 views News New clinical study confirms benefits of AlphaWave® L-Theanine from Ethical Naturals Inc. for relaxation, clarity, and cognitive function May 31, 2017 19 views About Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Natural Products INSIDER Site Wide Content Feed SupplySide Facebook SupplySide LinkedIN SupplySide Twitter SupplySide YouTube Supplyside Events SupplySide West SupplySide East Supplyside Media Food Insider Journal Natural Products INSIDER Resources Global Storefronts Vitafoods Events Europe Asia Vitafoods Media Vitafoods Insights Copyright © 2017, Informa Exhibitions, LLC. All rights reserved. Resource Center Article Archives Ashwagandha Advantage Blogs Buyer’s Guide Classic Digital Magazines Editor's Choice Awards Flaxseed Research Center Galleries Infographics Ingredient Buying Center Jobs Podcasts Reports Webinars Whitepapers Video Digital Summits Documentaries INSIDER TV Categories Animal Nutrition Contract Manufacturing Digestive Health Essential Fatty Acids (EFAs) Eye Health Joint Health Minerals Plant-Based Ingredients Snack Foods Sports Nutrition Tableting Weight Management Women's Health More Topics Events Ingredient Marketplace SupplySide West Vitafoods Asia Vitafoods Europe Buyer's Guide Ingredients Health Conditions Contract Manufacturing Packaging CPG Awards
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air TERROR Ohio State attacker faulted 'moderate' Muslims in note to family Published June 02, 2017 Associated Press Facebook Twitter Email Print FILE - In this Nov. 28, 2016, file photo, crime scene investigators collect evidence from the pavement as police respond to an attack on the Ohio State University campus in Columbus, Ohio.  (AP) COLUMBUS, Ohio –  A man responsible for a car-and-knife attack at Ohio State University last year left behind a torn-up note in which he urged his family to stop being "moderate" Muslims and said he was upset by fellow Muslims being oppressed in Myanmar, The Associated Press has learned. Abdul Razak Ali Artan also told his parents in the note, reassembled by investigators, that he "will intercede for you in the day of Judgment," according to the investigative case file of the attack obtained through an open records request. "My family stop being moderate muslims," says the handwritten note transcribed by investigators and found by Artan's bed in his family's apartment. Artan also wrote: "In the end, I would like to say that I pledge my allegiance to 'dawla,'" an Arabic word that means state or country and a likely reference to the Islamic State group. "May Allah bless them." He concludes by saying he's leaving his property to his beloved "but yet 'moderate mother.'" Artan's family was baffled by that note, which caused them a great deal of anguish, said Bob Fitrakis, a Columbus attorney representing the family. To this day, the family has no idea why Artan took those actions, he said Thursday. "The family is mystified by what happened. They're absolutely clueless," Fitrakis said. The 18-year-old Artan was shot and killed by an Ohio State officer moments after driving into a crowd on Nov. 28 and then attacking people with a knife, leaving thirteen injured. In a series of Facebook rants previously reported, Artan nursed grievances against the U.S. "If you want us Muslims to stop carrying lone wolf attacks, then make peace" with the Islamic State group, he warned in those posts in which he also railed against U.S. intervention in Muslim lands. Artan posted those comments at 9:49 a.m. on Nov. 28, three minutes before the attack began, according to an unclassified FBI report showing the time line of the attack that was released through the open records request. One of his brothers saw those comments and tried too late to contact him, thinking maybe it was a joke or his account had been hacked, Fitrakis said. The records provided new details about Artan, including a visit he made to Washington, D.C., a few days before the attack where he also made unidentified purchases at a Walmart. The family didn't realize he'd traveled there, has no idea why he went, and urges anyone with information about that trip to contact authorities, Fitrakis said. The day before the attack, Artan left his job at a nearby Home Depot, saying he was tired, a co-worker told investigators. This was unusual, "as he never left early from work," the co-worker said. Artan had told the co-worker several times that fall he was disgruntled with school and wanted to drop out, according to the records. The morning of the attack, Artan bought a set of knives, a tomato and a cucumber at 7:20 a.m. at a Walmart on the west side of Columbus, with his movements captured by video and photos and released in response to the AP's records' request. The "suspect was pleasant and very polite during the checkout process," the Walmart cashier told investigators. At 7:50 a.m., Artan dropped his sister at a high school near their home on the city's west side. He paid a brother $40 he owed him around 9:30 a.m., when the brother last saw him, according to FBI records. After arriving on campus, Artan drove his brother's Honda Civic over a curb and into a crowd of people and crashed it into a planter. Artan then got out and started slashing at people with an eight-inch knife, records show. In a coincidence, a nearby building had been evacuated because of a reported gas leak. "I'm going to . . . kill you," Artan told one female student, using an expletive, the records show. Somali-born Artan came to the U.S. in 2014 as the child of a refugee. He had been living in Pakistan from 2007 to 2014. Authorities believe Artan's attack was partly inspired by an American-born cleric killed in a U.S. drone strike in Yemen. Advertisement Trending in US Portland stabbings: Police search for man who allegedly swiped victim's belongings Unflappable Ananya Vinay wins National Spelling Bee Man who used emojis to advise killers to be sentenced Memorable words from the National Spelling Bee The Latest: ACLU against effort to allow Trump travel ban Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity U.S. coal stocks fall; exit from climate deal may hurt, not help U.S. coal stocks fall; exit from climate deal may hurt, not help Source : By : Rodrigo Campos and Nichola Groom Last Updated: Fri, Jun 02, 2017 10:13 hrs NEW YORK/LOS ANGELES: U.S. coal company shares dipped alongside renewable energy stocks on Wednesday after reports that President Donald Trump plans to pull the United States from a global accord on fighting climate change. The market reaction reflects concerns, raised by some coal companies in recent months, that a U.S. exit from the Paris Climate Agreement could unleash a global backlash against coal interests outside the United States. Peabody Energy, the largest publicly traded U.S. coal company dropped 2.2 percent to $24.29 a share, while Arch Coal fell 0.4 percent to $70.77. A spokesman for Peabody said the company would support a decision by Trump to withdraw from the Paris deal because the "accord is flawed on a number of levels." Cloud Peak Energy Inc had also urged the Trump administration to stay in the Paris deal to prevent other nations from an aggressive turn against the global coal industry. Its shares were down 0.6 percent to $3.39. A spokesman for Cloud Peak declined to comment. A source briefed on the matter told Reuters that Trump is planning to follow through on his campaign pledge to pull the United States out of the Paris accord, a move designed to help boost domestic energy production and speed economic growth, after weeks of deliberations on the issue. Trump did not confirm the decision, but said he would make an announcement "over the coming days". CAMPAIGN PLEDGE A U.S. withdrawal would come over the objections of scores of big U.S. corporations - from Wal-Mart to Exxon Mobil - worried the move will complicate the business landscape instead of bolstering the economy. "For us, our position on the Paris agreement... we need a framework like that to address the risks of climate change," Exxon Mobil Chief Executive Officer Darren Woods told reporters on the sidelines of the company's annual general meeting on Wednesday. Exxon had made that case in a recent letter to the White House, he said. Exxon dipped 0.7 percent, ConocoPhillips declined 0.2 percent, and Chevron Corp fell 0.6 percent. Crude oil prices fell to a three-week low on news that recovering Libyan output boosted OPEC crude output in May. Solar energy shares also got hit on Wednesday, with First Solar Inc down 2.5 percent, and SunPower Corp each down 3.4 percent. "Regardless of what the President decides on the accord, we expect America’s solar industry to continue to thrive and create jobs, boost the economy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions," the Solar Energy Industries Association said in a statement. Shares of Tesla Inc, which recently acquired SolarCity, were up 1.8 percent at $341.01. Tesla CEO Elon Musk said in a Twitter post on Wednesday that he had done "all I can" to convince Trump to stay in the Paris accord, and threatened to leave White House advisory councils if Trump announces a U.S. exit. Trump campaigned on a promise to unravel Obama-era climate regulations to help boost domestic oil, gas and coal production. Company executives, economists, and analysts have expressed skepticism, however, that his deregulatory agenda can alter existing trends away from coal. U.S. carbon emissions have declined to near 30-year lows, a trend driven by increased natural gas use replacing coal. The VanEck Vectors Coal exchange-traded fund (KOL.P) fell 1.2 percent to $12.71, not far from a five-month low hit earlier in May. The ETF is on track to fall 7.2 percent this month after rising in the first three months of the year as part of the so-called Trump trade. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27650.00 (0.14%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28210.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28500.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28080.00 (-0.11%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27100.00 (-0.37%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27100.00 (-0.37%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27560.00 (-0.18%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air TERROR Ohio State attacker faulted 'moderate' Muslims in note to family Published June 02, 2017 Associated Press Facebook Twitter Email Print FILE - In this Nov. 28, 2016, file photo, crime scene investigators collect evidence from the pavement as police respond to an attack on the Ohio State University campus in Columbus, Ohio.  (AP) COLUMBUS, Ohio –  A man responsible for a car-and-knife attack at Ohio State University last year left behind a torn-up note in which he urged his family to stop being "moderate" Muslims and said he was upset by fellow Muslims being oppressed in Myanmar, The Associated Press has learned. Abdul Razak Ali Artan also told his parents in the note, reassembled by investigators, that he "will intercede for you in the day of Judgment," according to the investigative case file of the attack obtained through an open records request. "My family stop being moderate muslims," says the handwritten note transcribed by investigators and found by Artan's bed in his family's apartment. Artan also wrote: "In the end, I would like to say that I pledge my allegiance to 'dawla,'" an Arabic word that means state or country and a likely reference to the Islamic State group. "May Allah bless them." He concludes by saying he's leaving his property to his beloved "but yet 'moderate mother.'" Artan's family was baffled by that note, which caused them a great deal of anguish, said Bob Fitrakis, a Columbus attorney representing the family. To this day, the family has no idea why Artan took those actions, he said Thursday. "The family is mystified by what happened. They're absolutely clueless," Fitrakis said. The 18-year-old Artan was shot and killed by an Ohio State officer moments after driving into a crowd on Nov. 28 and then attacking people with a knife, leaving thirteen injured. In a series of Facebook rants previously reported, Artan nursed grievances against the U.S. "If you want us Muslims to stop carrying lone wolf attacks, then make peace" with the Islamic State group, he warned in those posts in which he also railed against U.S. intervention in Muslim lands. Artan posted those comments at 9:49 a.m. on Nov. 28, three minutes before the attack began, according to an unclassified FBI report showing the time line of the attack that was released through the open records request. One of his brothers saw those comments and tried too late to contact him, thinking maybe it was a joke or his account had been hacked, Fitrakis said. The records provided new details about Artan, including a visit he made to Washington, D.C., a few days before the attack where he also made unidentified purchases at a Walmart. The family didn't realize he'd traveled there, has no idea why he went, and urges anyone with information about that trip to contact authorities, Fitrakis said. The day before the attack, Artan left his job at a nearby Home Depot, saying he was tired, a co-worker told investigators. This was unusual, "as he never left early from work," the co-worker said. Artan had told the co-worker several times that fall he was disgruntled with school and wanted to drop out, according to the records. The morning of the attack, Artan bought a set of knives, a tomato and a cucumber at 7:20 a.m. at a Walmart on the west side of Columbus, with his movements captured by video and photos and released in response to the AP's records' request. The "suspect was pleasant and very polite during the checkout process," the Walmart cashier told investigators. At 7:50 a.m., Artan dropped his sister at a high school near their home on the city's west side. He paid a brother $40 he owed him around 9:30 a.m., when the brother last saw him, according to FBI records. After arriving on campus, Artan drove his brother's Honda Civic over a curb and into a crowd of people and crashed it into a planter. Artan then got out and started slashing at people with an eight-inch knife, records show. In a coincidence, a nearby building had been evacuated because of a reported gas leak. "I'm going to . . . kill you," Artan told one female student, using an expletive, the records show. Somali-born Artan came to the U.S. in 2014 as the child of a refugee. He had been living in Pakistan from 2007 to 2014. Authorities believe Artan's attack was partly inspired by an American-born cleric killed in a U.S. drone strike in Yemen. Advertisement Trending in US Portland stabbings: Police search for man who allegedly swiped victim's belongings Unflappable Ananya Vinay wins National Spelling Bee Man who used emojis to advise killers to be sentenced Memorable words from the National Spelling Bee The Latest: ACLU against effort to allow Trump travel ban Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Climate vs Trump Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video Mission Admission 2017 Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local Trump just passed on the best deal the planet has ever seen The Guardian David Suzuki 2 hours ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Two dead in Indonesia blasts Analysis: Why Trump’s withdrawal from Paris pact doesn’t make sense © AP ‘By withdrawing from this historical agreement, Trump will make more enemies than friends.’ Since day one as a contender for the Oval Office, current US President Donald Trump has pushed a dominant narrative: he’s a businessman. He gets economics. He knows the art of the deal. This week, with his decision to withdraw the US from the Paris Agreement, the president has given the world strong reason to reject that narrative. His rationale — that it’s a choice of economy over environment, and a fossil fuel economy is the top priority — is outdated and false. States and nations around the world have harvested the fruits of clean energy, and are redefining their economies and energy sources accordingly. Yet, under false pretenses that “clean coal,” natural gas and other fossil fuel fixes are better than energy conservation and clean energy, the US forges its own, lonely path. The idea that clean, renewable energy will generate power for our planet for generations to come is not rhetoric. The extent of human-caused climate change — and the rapidly improving economics driving the proliferation of renewable energy sources — make it fact. If the US administration isn’t ready to move forward, hundreds of individual states and other countries will. California is already a world leader on climate policy. Texas is rapidly expanding its wind energy capacity. In Germany, clean energy has become a movement itself, focused on thousands of small-scale projects under the Energiewende program. In Scotland, wind generation has increased by 81% over the past year, and in March this year, it produced enough energy to satisfy 136 % of the country’s household energy needs. These are just a few examples. The US’s withdrawal doesn’t mean Americans and US investors will sit still, either. There is substantial economic opportunity in renewables. The US solar industry alone creates one in 50 new jobs. Worldwide, nearly 10 million people already work in renewable energy. Global clean technology exports doubled between 2008 and 2015, surpassing $1.15tn per year. Even America’s corporate giants — from Apple and Google to Walmart, and even oil giant Exxon Mobil — support the Paris Agreement. The economics are clear. So what about the political implications of the decision? By withdrawing from this historical agreement, Trump will make more enemies than friends. Polling results from Yale University’s Climate Change in the American Mind survey (conducted after the US election) show that 73% of Trump voters want the US to use more renewable energy. (His own supporters!) As recently as May 7, a small but increasingly vocal group of Republicans has embraced the reality of global warming, taking steps to press the issue in Congress. Elsewhere in the world, 195 countries and the European Union have signed the Paris Agreement, 147 of which have ratified it. Only Nicaragua and Syria have not signed on. When news of the potential withdrawal reached the United Nations, the organization’s Twitter page read: “Climate change is undeniable. Climate change is unstoppable. Climate solutions provide opportunities that are unmatchable.” A Globe and Mail report showed that even fossil fuel companies — the likes of Exxon Mobil, BP and Shell — think the US should stick with Paris. This withdrawal is an ugly decision, made by a country that ought to be leading the transition to a cleaner future — not only because of its stature as an international economic powerhouse, but also because of its less-than-desirable environmental track record. After China, the US is the world’s second-largest greenhouse gas polluter. In response, China has been become a leading producer of solar energy technology and is slowing its coal power construction. The US, meanwhile, hangs on to a coal industry that should have been dissolved decades ago. Just north of the border in Canada, where I live, the situation is delicate. We have been plagued by recent missteps such as approval of fossil-fuel-driven pipeline projects, but at least our governments claim a commitment to a sustainable, clean energy future. In my home province of British Columbia, recent election results may even reverse the approval of some of those infrastructure projects. But we’re far from safe ground. These types of actions by the US administration show that environmental rights — for Canada and all countries around the world — are vital, now more than ever. Yet, while 110 countries worldwide have environmental rights written into their constitutions, Canada does not. I tend to focus my advice on domestic matters like these. But today, I offer a word to the US president: A global shift to renewable energy is on. There’s no denying it or turning it around. It’s good for business. This is not fake news. It’s real life. And it’s happening with or without you. You claim you know a good deal when you see one. Well, you just passed on one of the best our planet has ever seen. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More from The Guardian World leaders turn on Trump The Guardian Wonder Woman review: Gal Gadot reduced to weaponized Smurfette The Guardian Murray beats Kuznetsov to reach French Open round two The Guardian The Guardian View the Full Site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- June 1 - June 5 Posted:   06/01/2017 10:29:32 PM MDT Today, June 2 Qi Gong — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. SRM Community Blood Drive — 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., Sterling Regional MedCenter south parking lot. Appointments: 521-3284. First Friday @ First Presbyterian — 12:05 to 12:35 p.m., First Presbyterian Church, 130 S. 4th St. Arlen Hershberger and friends. Musical presentation, free and open to the public. Cards and Pool — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. VFW Bingo — 7 p.m., public invited. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Victory in Jesus Church — 7 p.m., Heritage Center. Saturday, June 3 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Fishing is Fun Day — 9 a.m. to noon, Overland Trail Recreation Area Fishing Pond. Colorado Parks and Wildlife demonstrations, city of Sterling Parks, Library and Recreation, Santas of Sterling, Boy Scouts teaching that fishing is fun! Fishing contests, games and prizes. Lunch is free for children 18 and under, adult meals for $3. Advertisement Family Fun Saturday — 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Overland Trail Museum. Theme: 'Traveling the Trail.' See what planning went into the long journey on the trail. Free for ages 12 and under accompanied by an adult, $3 admission for adults. Information: 970-522-3895. Fleming Volleyball Golf Tournament — 9 a.m. shot gun start, F&H Golf Course, 43355 C.R. 30, Haxtun. Two Person Best Ball Scramble. Cost $50 per person to include: Green fees, lunch, and a chance to win various prizes. (Cart rental available). Registration deadline is noon, May 31. For more information, to be a sponsor, or to register: Doug Kamery 970-466-2119 or Connie Wilkening 970-520-7890. Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. FM Country. Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Sunday, June 4 Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Monday, June 5 SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool, Pinochle — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Build a Better Monday...Environment — 2 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Circle of Parents in Recovery Group — 5 to 6 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Free childcare is provided. No enrollment requirement, join at any time. Informa-tion: cleanslatemngr@frcsterling.org, 970-520-2939 or www.facebook.com/logancleanslate. RE-1 Valley School Board Candidate Workshop — 6 p.m., Hagen Administration Center. Individuals interested in running for election to the school board are encouraged to come. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. TOPS: Take Off Pounds Sensibly — 7 p.m., VFW Hall, 803 Phelps St., 522-8396. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7:30 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Fun at Prairie School Callie Jones / Sterling Journal-AdvocateChildren got to learn about life on the Overland Trail at one of the Overland Trail Museum's Prairie School sessions Wednesday.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Your life can change in a heartbeat Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- June 1 - June 5   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - June 2 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Funds News | Fri Jun 2, 2017 | 12:31am EDT PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - June 2 June 2 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. - President Donald Trump said on Thursday he will withdraw U.S. from the Paris climate accord in an effort to boost the nation's industry and independence, making a dramatic shift in policy despite intense lobbying from business leaders and close allies. on.wsj.com/2qLfBon - U.S. meal kit service Blue Apron Holdings has filed preliminary documents for an initial public offering. on.wsj.com/2rqWQc7 - Wal-Mart Stores Inc is testing a program in which store workers deliver some orders placed on Walmart.com or Jet.com, a sign of how the retailer hopes to use its 4,700 U.S. stores to its advantage in its battle against Amazon.com Inc . on.wsj.com/2sv6MR7 - Google has told publishers it will give them at least six months to prepare for a new ad-blocking tool the company is planning to introduce in its Chrome web browser next year, according to people familiar with the company's plans. on.wsj.com/2stfH5y - KKR & Co closed a $9.3 billion fund dedicated to private-equity investments across Asia Pacific, the largest such fund in the region, the U.S. private-equity company said on Friday. on.wsj.com/2qMEHn7 (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Funds News UPDATE 1-KKR closes new Asia fund at record $9.3 bln, seeks bigger deals * KKR's Asian Fund II has posted 29.1 pct return through March KKR closes new Asia fund at record $9.3 bln, seeks bigger deals HONG KONG, June 2 Private equity firm KKR & Co said on Friday it raised $9.3 billion for its most recent Asia-focused buyout fund, setting a record for the region as it looks for larger deals. BRIEF-KKR closes $9.3 bln Asian Fund III * With closing of fund, KKR's private equity business manages over US$68 billion in assets under management worldwide Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the Month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations SF Bay Area Events Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer SF Bay Area Events Online Marketing Promotion, By Zennie62Media #SFEvents YT ComicCon Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rate LOG Live FLS Priv Girl, 16, accused of killing Uber driver with stolen knife, machete – Chicago Tribune Posted on Jun 1 2017 - 6:40pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as chicago 15 Related Puerto Rican nationalist from Chicago steps down from New York parade after sponsors back out – Chicago Tribune Chicago Tribune A teenage girl from Chicago who has been charged with killing an Uber driver randomly attacked the man with a knife and a machete that she had just stolen from Walmart, authorities say. Eliza Wasni, 16, kept her eyes mostly to the floor Wednesday … Chicago girl, 16, accused of killing Uber driver with machete, knifeNOLA.com Chicago teenager Eliza Wasni charged with killing Uber driverBBC News A 16-Year-Old Girl Is Accused of Hacking Her Uber Driver to Death in ChicagoTIME NBC Chicago –CBS Chicago –WLS-TV all 77 news articles …read more Source:: Chicago News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . [yourchannel user="Zennie62"] Zennie62 Email List Name Email * Zennie62 on YouTube Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube NBA Finals 2017 Cavs vs Warriors Game 1 Live Vlog #NBAFinals Trump Administration Didn't Read Paris Accord, Confused UN President With Obama NBA Finals Cleveland Cavs vs Golden State Warriors Oakland Preview Livestream Oakland Offers $1 Million Settlement To Jasmine Abuslin Sex Scandal Victim Oakland In NBA Finals TV Spotlight Again, Not After Warriors Go To SF Finished House Of Cards Season 5 On Netflix, And Wow, Did Trump See It? Derek Carr Contract Trumanine Johnson Rams, Mark Sanchez Injury NFL Livestream Tiger Woods DUI Arrest A Police Set Up - Sports Talk Livestream SF Bay Area Events Meeting Promotion Today Frank Deford Of Sports Illustrated And NPR Passes Today Terry Frei Fired By Denver Post After Racist Indy 500 Tweet On Takuma Sato http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 67° Low 65° High 85° Fayetteville 60° Low 60° High 82° Bentonville 63° Low 61° High 81° See complete forecast Fort Smith Police Investigate Credit Card Phishing Scam Posted 10:22 pm, June 1, 2017, by Krystle Sherrell Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video FORT SMITH (KFSM) -- The Fort Smith Police Department is working alongside local banks after more than a dozen people in the River Valley filed reports of fraudulent charges on their accounts within the last two weeks. One of those victims was business owner Redd Rahman. "I pulled up my account on my computer at home to pay some online bills and I checked my account before I started paying bills," Rahman said. "The very first thing I noticed was a debit from the day before that I never even made." Police said the people responsible for the phishing scam are from Miami and used a rental car to travel to the stores where transactions were made. "What we've seen is a group that made various transactions at our local Walmarts, Central Mall, convenience stores, liquor stores, and we've had over the last 15 days," Sgt. Daniel Grubbs, Fort Smith Police Department said. "We've had about 13 of those where the people's accounts that were compromised; they never lost possession of those cards." For victims like Rahman, that one swipe from scammers has led to a much bigger hassle. "That's extremely upsetting," Rahman said. "This was my business account. This account is associated with my business and my livelihood. It's associated with how I earn my money, where my money is and how I maintain my life and take care of my family." Police said they are unsure how the scammers obtained the account information. "We don't know how," Grubbs said. "We don't know if it's been through a transaction locally, a transaction through the internet or how this information was obtained. Phishing is one way that people's accounts are obtained. Rahman said he now knows it can happen to anyone. "I've heard about scams like this, but my mentality was always that I would be safe because they hack into the accounts of rich people, people with a lot of money," Rahmam said. "I don't have a lot of money and they hacked into my account. That opened my eyes. No one is safe." Rahman said his one piece of advice is to pay attention to your bank accounts. "Be extremely cautious," Rahman said. "Maybe I'll go back to putting my money in my mattress." The executive vice-president of Arvest said if you believe you may be a victim of the phishing scam, contact your bank immediately. "Those folks at your financial institution, they're gonna know exactly how to walk you through the steps you're going to need to get your money back," Gaye Wilcox said. Another way to protect yourself is by making sure your card has a chip. "If you are a customer of a financial institution and you don't have a chip card, it would be a good idea to reach out to them," Wilcox said. "The chip cards, they're gonna do more for you as far as protection. The way that they work is really the most secure card they have." While police are investigating those responsible for the scam, they said banks are helping victims get their money back. "What we're seeing with a majority of these reports, the banking institutions are working very well with these victims," Grubbs said. "Once it's clearly established this is fraud, they're putting the money back into these peoples' accounts. We will be working on behalf of these banking institutions to make an arrest."   Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Adventure Arkansas Check the latest 5NEWS adventure. Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Baby Dies After Pregnant Mom Is Seriously Injured In Crash With Suspected Drunk Driver Former Univision Arkansas Host Faces Rape Charge Lavaca Man Airlifted To Hospital After Getting Attacked By Cow Police: Football Player Shot Dead After Recent High School Graduation Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Bentonville Residents Give Final Input On Parks Plan Fort Smith Police Investigate Credit Card Phishing Scam ‘Help Me! I’m Going To Die’: 16-Year-Old Illinois Girl Accused Of Killing Uber Driver With Knife, Machete Hundreds Without Power In Cave Springs News Fort Smith City Director Wants To Dissolve Police Department’s Civil Service Commission News Hackers Use FAFSA Application To Steal Tax Info News Fort Smith Police Discover Several Underground Tunnels Leading To Giant Man-Made Hole News Fire Breaks Out In Westwood Gardens News Utah Family Warns Of Terrifying ‘Virtual Kidnapping’ Scam News Civil Service Commission Says No To Police Chiefs Request To Change Hiring Process News Tennessee Manhunt: No Sign Of Teacher And Teenager News U of A-Fort Smith Parking Program Lowers Vehicle Accidents In First Year News Fort Smith Bakery Re-Opens After 17 Years News McDonald’s: Anti-Trump Tweet Came From ‘Compromised’ Account News Arrest Made In Stockholm Truck Attack That Killed 4 News Search For Missing 18-Month-Old Krystal Wiggins Suspended In Madison County News Centerton Investigates City Park Vandalism Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper World Ohio State attacker faulted 'moderate' Muslims The Associated Press | Thursday, June 1, 2017, 11:27 a.m. In this Monday, Nov. 28, 2016 file photo, investigators collect evidence as police respond to an attack at Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio. Abdul Razak Ali Artan, 18, was shot and killed by an Ohio State officer moments after driving into a crowd and then attacking people with a knife. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Updated 13 hours ago COLUMBUS, Ohio — The man responsible for a car-and-knife attack at Ohio State University last year left behind a torn-up note in which he urged his family to stop being “moderate” Muslims and said he was upset by fellow Muslims being oppressed in Myanmar, The Associated Press has learned. Abdul Razak Ali Artan also told his parents in the note, reassembled by investigators, that he “will intercede for you in the day of Judgment,” according to the investigative case file of the attack obtained through an open records request. “My family stop being moderate muslims,” says the handwritten note transcribed by investigators and found by Artan's bed in his family's apartment. Artan also wrote: “In the end, I would like to say that I pledge my allegiance to ‘dawla,'” an Arabic word that means state or country and a likely reference to the Islamic State group. “May Allah bless them.” He concludes by saying he's leaving his property to his beloved “but yet ‘moderate mother.'” Artan's family was baffled by that note, which caused them a great deal of anguish, said Bob Fitrakis, a Columbus attorney representing the family. To this day, the family has no idea why Artan took those actions, he said Thursday. “The family is mystified by what happened. They're absolutely clueless,” Fitrakis said. The 18-year-old Artan was shot and killed by an Ohio State officer moments after driving into a crowd on Nov. 28 and then attacking people with a knife, leaving thirteen injured. In a series of Facebook rants previously reported, Artan nursed grievances against the U.S. “If you want us Muslims to stop carrying lone wolf attacks, then make peace” with the Islamic State group, he warned in those posts in which he also railed against U.S. intervention in Muslim lands. Artan posted those comments at 9:49 a.m. on Nov. 28, three minutes before the attack began, according to an unclassified FBI report showing the time line of the attack that was released through the open records request. One of his brothers saw those comments and tried too late to contact him, thinking maybe it was a joke or his account had been hacked, Fitrakis said. The records provided new details about Artan, including a visit he made to Washington, D.C. a few days before the attack where he also made unidentified purchases at a Walmart. The family didn't realize he'd traveled there, has no idea why he went, and urges anyone with information about that trip to contact authorities, Fitrakis said. The day before the attack, Artan left his job at a nearby Home Depot, saying he was tired, a co-worker told investigators. This was unusual, “as he never left early from work,” the co-worker said. Artan had told the co-worker several times that fall he was disgruntled with school and wanted to drop out, according to the records. The morning of the attack, Artan bought a set of knives, a tomato and a cucumber at 7:20 a.m. at a Walmart on the west side of Columbus, with his movements captured by video and photos and released in response to the AP's records' request. The “suspect was pleasant and very polite during the checkout process,” the Walmart cashier told investigators. At 7:50 a.m., Artan dropped his sister at a high school near their home on the city's west side. He paid a brother $40 he owed him around 9:30 a.m., when the brother last saw him, according to FBI records. After arriving on campus, Artan drove his brother's Honda Civic over a curb and into a crowd of people and crashed it into a planter. Artan then got out and started slashing at people with an eight-inch knife, records show. In a coincidence, a nearby building had been evacuated because of a reported gas leak. “I'm going to . . . kill you,” Artan told one female student, using an expletive, the records show. Somali-born Artan came to the U.S. in 2014 as the child of a refugee. He had been living in Pakistan from 2007 to 2014. Authorities believe Artan's attack was partly inspired by an American-born cleric killed in a U.S. drone strike in Yemen. ___ Andrew Welsh-Huggins can be reached on Twitter at https://twitter.com/awhcolumbus. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/andrew-welsh-huggins More Nation/World Trump turns to Supreme Court to move forward on travel ban 36 die from smoke in Philippine casino after gunman set fire Trump's remarks on pulling out of climate accord Homeland Security chief Kelly signals shift on immigration program Nightclub massacre bodycam video documents officer response TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending State SWAT team assists with drug suspect roundup in New Kensington Peduto is 'offended' Trump mentioned Pittsburgh in climate speech Fingerprint leads to arrest of 2 in Leechburg burglary Featured Photography Week in Pictures (May 22 - May 28) A curated collection of photojournalism from around the region, nation and world. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 4:34pm Fri 2 June Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Email Liam @liamdann Liam Dann NZ Herald business editor at large Market Watch: How to invest in future tech 3:56 PM Thursday Jun 1, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Business Services Investment Companies Market Watch Mobile Business Personal Investment Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play New technology trends present great opportunities for investors but getting the timing right isn't easy, says Pie Funds chief executive Mike Taylor. Three big trends were currently shaking up the business landscape, Taylor said. Electric cars, renewable energy and online retailing were all approaching the tipping point where they could start to make major social changes. "If we look at something like retail and the move to online, the tech bubble occurred 17 years ago," Taylor said. "Internet stocks went to the moon between 1995 and 2001, then they collapsed and most of them went out of business. It's actually been 15 years after the move to online has really gathered momentum." So if you look at the stock price of a traditional retailer like Walmart and an online retailer like Amazon, it is only in the past few years that they have really started to diverge. Getting the timing right for investing in big tech trends required getting in at the right time in the cycle, Taylor said. The two options were to get in very early when technology was first developed or to go in the second phase after the initial wave of hype had died down and the technology was actually being adopted. "What you don't want to do is buy into a bubble. So when the technology is new and emerging and not widely adopted you've got to be careful you're not buying an over hyped asset class." Fo most investors it made more sense to get involved when the technology was on the verge of going mainstream. Another recent example was solar energy which was extremely hot as an investment just prior to the GFC. Again they collapsed but now as technological advances lowered the cost of solar for consumers it was starting to reach critical mass. Investing in individual stocks could still be risky for small investors but there were options like clean energy funds that offered exposure to the wider renewable energy sector and even ETF's that covered specific sectors like online retail. - NZ Herald Read more by Liam Dann Email Liam Dann Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Armed offenders squad call out in Northland Armed police have been called to Hukerenui after reports of a person with a firearm. Hawke's Bay Today Processes around opening accounts needed Opening a bank account and buying and selling investments are not such simple processes… Bay of Plenty Times Quad bike and car collide on SH2 at Pukehina Delays are likely for motorists head east after a crash on State Highway 2 near Pukehina… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Mercedes-Benz E200 long-term test: Soul of discretion Part four of our Mercedes-Benz E200 long-term test... Viva Best dressed celebrities of the week Vintage-inspired looks are given a modern twist in the coolest celebrity looks this week… True Commercial Christchurch Sky TV offices on the market A property leased to the Christchurch offices of Sky Television is for sale. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf04 at 02 Jun 2017 18:56:13 Processing Time: 18ms
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live One World Trade Center to be lit green in support of the Paris Accord NYC skyline with 1 WTC lit green in support of Paris Accord Live look of the George Washington Bridge in NYC EarthTV hosts 30-day live look of global cities observing Ramadan Kittens nap and play on ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Live look at the beach surf in Cape May, NJ Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Atlantic coast from Gloucester, Mass from the Blue Shutters Beachside Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch New developments in the investigation of a mother lost at sea More Plus, LeBron James and Steph Curry face off in game 1 of the NBA Finals. 1:12 | 06/01/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for New developments in the investigation of a mother lost at sea To the index, new developments in the investigation of mother lost at sea. Isabella Hellmann vanishing during a boating accident last month. Sailing with her new husband. Police say Lewis Bennett is now part of the investigation. Police report shows the family blamed him for her death during a recent confrontation. Walmart is testing a new delivery plan the company is using employees to deliver online orders on their howay home from work. The program is voluntary. A high-flying high-five tonight. Aaron Mayer scoring for east Tennessee state. Sharing this incredible handshake. Throwing the bat boy up. The superstar showdown tonight, Lebron James and Steph curry set to square off at the NBA finals. Our T.J. Holmes asking curry about his rival. What is your personal relationship like with Lebron? We have the battles on the court. When all is said and done, a lot looking back we had some good times playing the game we love. In the meantime, game one 9:00 P.M. Eastern right here on ABC. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Steph Curry says he's ready for NBA Finals redemption Curry tells "GMA" it will be a "good feeling" to win against the Cleveland Cavaliers in this year's NBA Finals. Now Playing: Steph Curry says he's ready for NBA Finals redemption Now Playing: The FBI investigates the suspicious disappearance of Florida woman during a sailing trip Now Playing: Fans gather ahead of game 1 of NBA Finals Now Playing: Hillary Clinton talks new book at NYC event Now Playing: American scientist works to save coral reefs Now Playing: Trump: Paris climate accord 'handicaps the United States' economy' Now Playing: Trump withdraws US from Paris climate agreement Now Playing: Is Trump sending a message by withdrawing from the Paris climate accord? Now Playing: Congress reacts to Trump withdrawing US from Paris climate accord Now Playing: Deadly explosion at a corn processing plant in Wisconsin Now Playing: Police release footage of Tiger Woods' DUI arrest Now Playing: Emergency on a United Airlines flight after the jet strikes a bird on takeoff Now Playing: New developments in the investigation of a mother lost at sea Now Playing: Mother throws toddler down NYC subway stairs Now Playing: Drive-by shooting victim's father: 'I couldn't be there to help you' Now Playing: Teen accuses HS football star: 'I just felt like he took advantage of me' Now Playing: Is there room for a viable 3rd party? Now Playing: Matt Dowd's picks for best books to understand American politics Now Playing: 'Common Sense With Matt Dowd' Now Playing: Student's pizza essay helps her get into Yale University Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":47780349,"title":"New developments in the investigation of a mother lost at sea","duration":"1:12","description":"Plus, LeBron James and Steph Curry face off in game 1 of the NBA Finals.","url":"/WNT/video/developments-investigation-mother-lost-sea-47780349","section":"WNT","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
