Saturday, June 3, 2017 Login Subscribe Legal ads Homes Autos Jobs Classified The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Celebrate 150 Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Cannabis Culture Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Business Home   Business Walmart may have reached employment peak         By Christopher Rugaber and  Anne D’innocenzio The Associated Press June 3, 2017   Today’s Business stories U.S. hiring beginning to slow Europe studying a future role for autonomous buses Apple faces a tricky issue: Innovation is hard Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting soon Business Highlights More Business »   FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company’s investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn’t fear increasing automation in the industry. “No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do,” he continued. “Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don’t think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together.” A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. “We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology,” he said. But when or if that would happen is “to be determined.” Walmart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn’t remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Walmart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. “I’m really excited about the environment that we’re creating for people to learn,” McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It’s also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon’s popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping “free,” given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. “I don’t think you should have to pay for free shipping,” he said. Walmart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But “too many of us are still part-time,” she said. “Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can’t plan our lives, or line up a second job.” Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. “Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children,” Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. More Business articles »     RG Business Local business news sent to your inbox every Thursday.         Today’s Business stories Business U.S. hiring beginning to slow Business Europe studying a future role for autonomous buses Business Apple faces a tricky issue: Innovation is hard Business Walmart may have reached employment peak Business Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting soon Business Business Highlights     Business Business U.S. hiring beginning to slow Unemployment hits 16-year low of 4.3% despite pullback by employers in May WASHINGTON — Are employers starting to run out of workers to hire? A hiring pullback reported in Friday’s U.S. jobs data for May raises that prospect. The economy added just 138,000 jobs, which was still … Europe studying a future role for autonomous buses Apple faces a tricky issue: Innovation is hard Walmart may have reached employment peak More Business » Weekend Out and About Stretch the imagination Sit back, relax to enjoy impressive season of outdoor concerts, movies, plays Mild summer nights, even during the work week, are the only excuse most of us need to pack a picnic dinner, grab a few blankets and head to our neighborhood parks to enjoy a truly … Weekend events for Lane County and beyond, June 3-4 Structured playtime Patio décor sets free-spirited tone More Weekend » Tastings Restaurants Familiar faces, fresh flavors Noisette Pastry Kitchen owners serve up something special for Salt & Sweet Wine Bar service on Friday and Saturday nights Patrons at Noisette Pastry Kitchen in downtown Eugene are used to approaching the counter and ordering coffee and something from the large selection of pastries. Perhaps a lemon tart, a slice of apple galette with … The art of the blend Stirring the senses at Cafe Soriah Coffee roaster with an axe to grind More Tastings »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local News Investigators can't determine cause of $50M Raleigh apartment fire Local News From 'Dr. Phil' to probation: Raleigh mom pleads guilty to injuring baby Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Interested in sports & pop culture? Listen to the NEW podcast › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Decreasing humidity, clear skies lead into pleasant weekend Sponsor Weather 2017 Atlantic hurricane season begins as many still struggle to recover from Matthew DUALDoppler5000 Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw North Carolina Fialko: UNC's Gahagan moving forward with baseball after health scare Our Take NCAA should act fast to change football redshirt policy Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Jobs data could signal shortage of qualified workers to hire Business US trade deficit rises to highest level since January Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Dark castle on Jones Street Editorial: Legislature's budget -- More comfort for the comfortable Editorial: Legislators should heed protesters' message on Medicaid You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Business Duke seeks 15 percent increase in electric rates Business Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Family 5 tips for stress-free summer National News Uber for dogs? App offer on-demand walks Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Foodie news: Opening date nears for The Cortez Seafood & Cocktail Out and About Weekend best bets: Delta Rae, Farm to Fork Picnic Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News 20-year-old Duke student died of hypothermia Local News Officers carry 'Flame of Hope' across NC before Special Olympics 2017 Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › 61° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 61° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal 919 Beer Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Breaking Raleigh police respond to shooting on Paint Rock Lane — Raleigh police are responding to a shooting at 6858 Paint Rock Lane. more Weather 9 NC counties are under alert, including Halifax and Northampton counties. Details Published: 2017-06-02 22:57:00 Updated: 2017-06-02 22:57:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper $5 Bonus when you join Swagbucks in June Tags: Freebies Posted 10:57 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18EjR Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Swagbucks has a great sign-up bonus for June! You have probably seen me write about Swagbucks here on the blog. It's a site where you earn points (called SB) for things you're probably doing online already, like searching, watching videos, discovering deals, shopping online and taking surveys. Then you take those points and exchange them for gift cards to places like Amazon, Starbucks, Walmart, Target, CVS, Domino's, PayPal cash and more! Unlike a lot of other rewards sites, you can cash out at any time, and they have gift cards for as little as 300 SB (The $3 Amazon gift card - every little bit helps)! This month, you can get a 500 SB bonus (worth $5 in gift cards) through this blog when you sign up! Here's how it works: 1. Sign up at Swagbucks.com HERE. Click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get a bonus. 2. Earn 300 SB points total before 7/1/17 and you'll get a $3 (300 SB) bonus! 3. If you spend at least $25 through the Swagbucks Shop section, you'll get another $2 (200 SB) bonus on top of the cash back you'll get from shopping. You must receive your shopping SB before August 1st to get the 200 SB bonus. If I am doing any online shopping, I go through the Swagbucks Shop section if the store is participating so I can earn SB points for every purchase. I've used the Swagbucks Shop section for online shopping at stores including Amazon, Kohl's, Walmart, Target, Groupon and more. I usually cash in my SB points for CVS and Sheetz gift cards which means I use my SB for free toilet paper, free bath & beauty products and free gas! New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events (which we post about here on the blog and Swagbucks posts about on their website in the Swagbucks Blog section. * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Recently, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. I used a coupon code for a percent off when I made the purchase and qualified for free shipping and got the SB points added to my account a couple weeks later. * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. . . Disclosure: This post may contain affiliate links and we appreciate your using them! This means that I may receive compensation from other websites I mention on this blog. More On This IMAGE: $5 Bonus when you join Swagbucks in June 1 Swagbucks website Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Pets Pet Photos June 2017 Health Team Authorities: Duke student died of hypothermia in Massachusetts woods Local News From 'Dr. Phil' to probation: Raleigh mom pleads guilty to injuring baby Local News Body found after fire burns garage apartment at Raleigh home Green Guide 'World's largest iceberg' about to break off from Antarctica Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News NC Black Bear Festival brings travelers to Plymouth Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh WRALSportsFan My Fish Friday SmartShopper National Doughnut Day Freebies June 2 Entertainment Unflappable Ananya Vinay wins National Spelling Bee Family McDonald's adds a Chicken Big Mac to its menu Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games Out and About Weekend best bets: Delta Rae, Farm to Fork Picnic Go Ask Mom New downtown Raleigh bookstore offers summer programs Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Go Ask Mom Recipe: One pot tomato feta pasta SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Entertainment Griffin not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over Local Politics Triangle cities join revolt against US withdrawal from climate pact Political News AP FACT CHECK: Holes in Trump's reasoning on climate pullout Local News Students at UNC push for new Muslim center Local News From 'Dr. Phil' to probation: Raleigh mom pleads guilty to injuring baby SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/2 SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Super Doubles CONFIRMED for June 4 - 6 @NCCapitol Judges dismiss Cooper challenge to elections board overhaul @NCCapitol 'Brunch bill' wins Senate approval SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Nightlife Photos Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Pets Pet Photos June 2017 Health Team Authorities: Duke student died of hypothermia in Massachusetts woods Local News From 'Dr. Phil' to probation: Raleigh mom pleads guilty to injuring baby Local News Body found after fire burns garage apartment at Raleigh home Green Guide 'World's largest iceberg' about to break off from Antarctica Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News NC Black Bear Festival brings travelers to Plymouth Local News Night sky glows red as apartment building burns in downtown Raleigh WRALSportsFan My Fish Friday SmartShopper National Doughnut Day Freebies June 2 Entertainment Unflappable Ananya Vinay wins National Spelling Bee Family McDonald's adds a Chicken Big Mac to its menu Family 5 tips for stress-free summer Out and About Wonder Woman: Here to save the DC Universe Go Ask Mom Want to prevent drownings? Don't let kids play breath-holding games Out and About Weekend best bets: Delta Rae, Farm to Fork Picnic Go Ask Mom New downtown Raleigh bookstore offers summer programs Go Ask Mom Wake Forest makes plans to open sprayground in July, pool in 2018 Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Go Ask Mom Recipe: One pot tomato feta pasta SmartShopper Five Lidl grocery stores open in NC on June 15 Go Ask Mom Reminder: Museum of Life and Science's expanded hours start Sunday Entertainment Griffin not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over Local Politics Triangle cities join revolt against US withdrawal from climate pact Political News AP FACT CHECK: Holes in Trump's reasoning on climate pullout Local News Students at UNC push for new Muslim center Local News From 'Dr. Phil' to probation: Raleigh mom pleads guilty to injuring baby SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 6/2 SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Super Doubles CONFIRMED for June 4 - 6 @NCCapitol Judges dismiss Cooper challenge to elections board overhaul @NCCapitol 'Brunch bill' wins Senate approval WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALNY) Major Shareholder Sanofi Buys 297,501 Shares of Stock Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Major Shareholder Jim C. Walton Sells 1,455,636 Shares Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Insider Richard Mark Brewster Sells 50,000 Shares Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact JetBlue Airways (JBLU) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Kadant (KAI) Share Price International Flavors & Fragrances (IFF) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) Stock Price Genesco (GCO) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Euronet Worldwide (EEFT) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.16 Exactech (EXAC) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.13 Nuveen Amt-Free Quality Municpl Incm Fnd (NEA) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.06 Nuveen Core Equity Alpha Fund Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.28 (JCE) Teacher Retirement System of Texas Cuts Position in Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) Bunge Ltd (BG) Shares Bought by Teacher Retirement System of Texas Generac Holdings Inc. (GNRC) Stake Raised by Impax Asset Management AIFM Ltd Teacher Retirement System of Texas Has $23,452,000 Stake in Kirby Co. (KEX) Teacher Retirement System of Texas Maintains Position in Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) Ngam Advisors L.P. Reduces Stake in Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Richard C. Young & CO. LTD. Reduces Stake in First Interstate Bancsystem Inc (FIBK) ABB Ltd (ABB) Shares Bought by Richard C. Young & CO. LTD. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Major Shareholder Jim C. Walton Sells 1,455,636 Shares June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 1,455,636 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.34, for a total transaction of $114,034,524.24. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,224 shares in the company, valued at $823,135,928.16. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Major shareholders that own 10% or more of a company’s stock are required to disclose their sales and purchases with the SEC. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) traded down 0.24% during trading on Friday, hitting $79.62. 7,996,466 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $241.65 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.08 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12 month low of $65.28 and a 12 month high of $79.93. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $76.42 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.44. Wal-Mart Stores also was the recipient of unusually large options trading activity on Thursday. Stock traders purchased 3,595 call options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 104% compared to the average volume of 1,762 call options. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $117.01 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.98 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-major-shareholder-jim-c-walton-sells-1455636-shares.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Asset Planning Services Ltd. raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the first quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC now owns 3,661 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $264,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the period. Fort Point Capital Partners LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the third quarter. Fort Point Capital Partners LLC now owns 4,663 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $336,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period. Alexandria Capital LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.9% in the first quarter. Alexandria Capital LLC now owns 2,513 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $181,000 after buying an additional 22 shares during the period. Finally, Sterneck Capital Management LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the first quarter. Sterneck Capital Management LLC now owns 6,588 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $475,000 after buying an additional 22 shares during the period. 29.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. A number of research firms have weighed in on WMT. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc began coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “positive” rating and a $80.00 target price on the stock. MKM Partners set a $72.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Pacific Crest lowered shares of Wal-Mart Stores to a “hold” rating in a research note on Sunday, April 30th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $74.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Saturday, May 13th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $78.41. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Savings Squad Save money with consumer news and deals Business Savings Squad | Shopping & Deals Free summer Walmart Beauty Box stuffed with products and samples Courtesy/Wal-Mart Courtesy/Wal-Mart Doreen ChristensenSun Sentinel Get a free Walmart Beauty Box each season with full-sized products, samples and coupons for $5 shipping. Privacy Policy Sign up to get a free box of summer cosmetics and personal-care products from Walmart for $5 in shipping. Seasonal Beauty Boxes are scheduled to be shipped this month. They come four times a year stuffed with eight to 10 full-sized products from name-brands including Secret, Olay, L'Oreal, Rimmel,  Dove, Neutrogena, TreSemme, Crest, Cover Girl and others. There also are samples and high-value coupons included, too. Once you sign up with a credit card, you'll get a new box each season. You can cancel any time. Beauty goodies for men and women include free waxing services at European Wax Center, free Burberry fragrance samples, gifts for your birthday, beauty boxes and Sephora makeup classes.  (Doreen Christensen) Click here for the deal. Shipping is $5. Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Doreen's Deals: Save on cosmetics with drugstore swaps, beauty hacks News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 73°
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, June 3, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Mum on Climate Science He Once Called a ‘Con Job’ By PETER BAKER 8:35 PM ET No one the White House has sent out to explain President Trump’s decision on the Paris accord knows whether he believes in climate change or not. But the president has not been coy in the past. Climate change was a favorite subject for him on Twitter, and he has mentioned the topic scores of times over the years, particularly during cold weather spells. 2:49 Fact Check: Trump’s Climate Speech By DAVE HORN, NEETI UPADHYE and DAPHNE RUSTOW Small Businesses Cheer Tough Talk From the President By LANDON THOMAS Jr. 9:57 PM ET Many small-company owners, like the manufacturer Louis M. Soltis of Toledo, Ohio, widely support the decision to pull out of the Paris climate accord even as big corporations protest.  Comments Meeting the Climate Goals Was Always Hard. But Now? By BRAD PLUMER 8:25 PM ET The earth has warmed 1 degree since humans began using fossil fuels, and little short of a crash program to choke off the flow of carbon dioxide will keep the temperature rise below 2 degrees. Trump Said to Have No Plans to Stop Comey Testimony By MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT 10:49 PM ET President Trump wants James B. Comey, the ex-F.B.I. director, to speak publicly next week to the Senate panel investigating Russian election meddling, an administration official said. More in Politics Kellyanne Conway’s Husband Steps Back From Possible Justice Dept. Post Trump Said to Pick Nominees for 2 Positions on Fed Board Report About C.I.A. Torture May Be Kept Locked Away By MARK MAZZETTI, MATTHEW ROSENBERG and CHARLIE SAVAGE 8:40 PM ET The Trump administration is returning copies of the 6,700-page report on C.I.A. torture to Congress, where it may be locked away for good.  Comments Mass Manila Killing, but Officials Resist Labeling It Terrorism By RICHARD C. PADDOCK and FELIPE VILLAMOR Investigators discovered dozens of bodies, upending the Philippine government’s explanation for the fire, and the identity and motives of who was behind one of the country’s largest mass killings. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. At Harvard’s first commencement for black graduate students, a speaker declared, “We have endured the constant questioning of our legitimacy and our capacity, and yet here we are.” Credit Tony Luong for The New York Times Colleges Celebrate Diversity With Separate Commencements Ceremonies for minority, gay and lesbian, and first-generation graduates are growing in number and becoming more mainstream. By ANEMONA HARTOCOLLIS Your Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and LISA IABONI Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ The months leading up to President Trump’s remarkable decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord — and what happens next. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living What You Can Do About Climate Change By JOSH KATZ and JENNIFER DANIEL Seven simple guidelines on how your choices today affect the climate tomorrow.  Comments 22 Recipes That Won’t Hurt Your Wallet Eat like a king with the income of a pauper. Manchester Bomber Met With ISIS in Libya, Officials Say By RUKMINI CALLIMACHI and ERIC SCHMITT 12:00 AM ET The bomber, Salman Abedi, is said to have kept up contact with members of Battar al-Libi, the unit that trained the commander of the Paris attacks. Job Growth Slows but Leaves Fed Room to Raise Rates By PATRICIA COHEN 9:10 PM ET Unemployment fell to 4.3 percent, the Labor Department said, but largely because participation in the work force declined. Payrolls grew by 138,000.  Comments The Upshot: We May Be Close to Full Employment. That’s Bad. How the Jobs Numbers Work Apple Piles On the Apps, and Users Say, ‘Enough!’ By VINDU GOEL 9:53 PM ET New features are planned for the iPhone and other products, but customers are still getting comfortable with the ones they have.  Comments The New York Issue New York Stories By THE NEW YORK TIMES MAGAZINE The magazine’s first-ever all-comics issue, with 12 tales of the city based on stories from The Times’s Metro desk.  Comments Spanish Treasure Finds Audience It Lacked in New York By DOREEN CARVAJAL Art by Goya, Velázquez and El Greco that struggled for visitors at the Hispanic Society of America in New York City has drawn 150,000 at the Prado in Madrid since April. Prosecutor Took Her Time, Then Indicted Officer By JAMES C. McKINLEY Jr. Activists praised the murder indictment of Sgt. Hugh Barry as fulfilling a promise by the Bronx district attorney to fully investigate the killing of Deborah Danner in October. 10 Things to Do in New York City Now By LOUIS LUCERO II It’s a big city, with plenty to do, see, hear and watch. Here’s a sampling of cultural highlights this weekend and over the week ahead. More News Former Penn State President Gets Jail Time in Child Molestation Scandal The Supreme Court’s Options in the Travel Ban Case Unicef Fears Yemen Cholera Outbreak Could Hit 300,000 in Coming Weeks The Public Editor Signs Off The Daily 360 1:59 How Garbage Becomes ‘Black Gold’ Jake Naughton/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Morning Briefing: Australia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Australia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Asia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Asia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Europe Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Europe. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing The news and stories that matter. Delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Refugees and Terrorism, or Refugees and Lost Opportunity? In this week’s newsletter, a return to Baghdad and the tragedy of an Iraqi-Australian killed for an ice cream. Players Want Margaret Court Arena Renamed Over Remarks on Gays The Australian champion’s comments about gays and same-sex marriage have reignited a debate about her legacy and how tennis should celebrate her. Passenger’s Bomb Threat Forces Plane’s Return to Australia A flight bound for Malaysia returned to Australia after an unruly man, believed to be drunk, unsuccessfully tried to gain access to the cockpit. Art Auction’s Biggest Seller May Surprise West Financial power has shifted to buyers in China, but some dealers remain skeptical that they will develop a taste for art stars of the West. They have stars of their own. What No One Ever Tells You About Tiny Homes Tiny living has its virtues, but there are also some real down sides. To Win in Business: Have a Daughter, Hire Women A naturally occurring experiment in the field of venture capital suggests there are financial advantages to having a diverse team. The Opinion Pages The Problem With Jared Kushner By THE EDITORIAL BOARD The president’s son-in-law, with a sprawling portfolio and no government experience, is in way over his head. And then there’s Russia.  Comments A Conscientious Objector in a War Zone By DOUGLAS HOSTETTER 10:34 PM ET I refused to join the Army. But I did to go to Vietnam. Get the Vietnam Newsletter » Collins: Taxes and Trump Stephens: Six Days and 50 Years of War 9:37 PM ET Susan E. Rice: To Be Great, America Must Be Good ‘We Travel Together’ Two views on our planet. Editorial: Our Disgraceful Exit Brooks: Trump Poisons Us Krugman: It’s All About Spite Trump’s Climate Horror Show Why Are These CEOs Standing With Trump on Climate? Join us on Facebook » User Subscriptions Inside a Mobster’s Bedroom Ahead of Breaking News, a Shoe Story That Fits Times Insider » Inside a Mobster’s Bedroom The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Fashion & Style What to Wear to a Summer Wedding Opinion Trump and Merkel Hate Each Other. So What? Theater Mfoniso Udofia on Her Immigrant Experience N.Y. / Region Latin Lunch on Times Square Not for Tourists Sunday Review Popular People Live Longer N.Y. / Region The Dentist With 150,000 Instagram Followers N.Y. / Region Naked (and Very Close) in the Name of Art Dance A Poet in Ballet Shoes Takes On ‘Swan Lake’ Times Insider Again a Train Delay? We Feel Your Pain! Opinion When America Barred Italians Opinion Letters: Outrage Over Trump’s Climate Decision Readers call his withdrawal from the Paris accord “disastrous.” Wheels Hyundai Faces Tough Times as Buyers Go Big Sections World » Manchester Bomber Met With ISIS Unit in Libya, Officials Say Leaders Lament U.S. Withdrawal, but Say It Won’t Stop Climate Efforts India, Once a Coal Goliath, Is Fast Turning Green Business Day » Small Businesses Cheer ‘New Sheriff in Town’ After Climate Pact Exit Apple Piles On the Apps, and Users Say, ‘Enough!’ Here’s How a Chinese Tech Firm Borrowed $2.1 Billion in a Hurry Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: To Be Great, America Must Be Good Editorial: The Problem With Jared Kushner Gail Collins: Trauma, Taxes and Trump U.S. » Colleges Celebrate Diversity With Separate Commencements Urban Studies: A Revitalized Pittsburgh Says the President Used a Rusty Metaphor A Mobster, a Family and the Crime That Won’t Let Them Go Technology » Airbnb Hosts More Likely to Reject the Disabled, a Study Finds Maybe Private Russian Hackers Meddled in Election, Putin Says Uber Says It Just Noticed Error on Pay, but It Was No Secret Arts » Now ‘Spamilton’ Really Can’t Miss Its Shot to Tease ‘Hamilton’ Spanish Treasures Overlooked in New York Find Love in Madrid Critic's Notebook: The Mysterious Case of the Glut in True-Crime TV Politics » Trump Appears Unlikely to Hinder Comey’s Testimony About Russia Inquiry First Rule of Far-Right Fight Clubs: Be White and Proud Trump Nominates Richard Spencer as Navy Secretary Fashion & Style » Modern Love: Making a Marriage Magically Tidy Styles Q. and A.: Mark Lee: Swapping Slingbacks for Social Justice Pardon My Sweat, and Pass the Borscht Movies » Review: ‘Wonder Woman’ Is a Blockbuster That Lets Itself Have Fun The Woman Behind ‘Wonder Woman’ Review: ‘The Exception’ Is a Diverting Tale Set Before Nazi Horrors Fully Emerged New York » Trump Golf Course Struggles in Bronx, Where Many Can’t Afford to Play What’s Keeping the Mayor From Going Green? His Gym Routine New York 101: How New York Is Turning Food Waste Into Compost and Gas Sports » On Soccer: Juventus Enters Champions League Final With More Than a Title at Stake Pirates 12, Mets 7: This Time, Matt Harvey Struggles Against the Pirates Blue Jays 7, Yankees 5: With Murphy’s Law in Effect, Yankees Can’t Catch the Blue Jays Theater » Now ‘Spamilton’ Really Can’t Miss Its Shot to Tease ‘Hamilton’ Review: In ‘The Government Inspector,’ Dumb and Dumber, Deliciously 5 Must-See Shows if You’re in New York This Month Science » The Mummies’ Medical Secrets? They’re Perfectly Preserved Third Gravitational Wave Detection, From Black-Hole Merger 3 Billion Light Years Away Fruit Flies and Mice to Get New Home on Space Station, at Least Temporarily Obituaries » Marie Cosindas, Whose Photographs Brought Color to the Fore, Dies at 93 Elliot Martin, Prolific Theater Producer, Dies at 93 Jack McCloskey, Architect of Detroit Pistons’ ‘Bad Boys’ Teams, Dies at 91 Television » Critic's Notebook: The Mysterious Case of the Glut in True-Crime TV ‘The Leftovers’ Leads Television’s Musical Golden Age Sunday Routine: How Michael Kelly, Actor on ‘House of Cards,’ Spends His Sundays Health » New Electrical Brain Stimulation Technique Shows Promise in Mice Trump Rule Could Deny Birth Control Coverage to Hundreds of Thousands of Women The Weekly Health Quiz: Wine, Coffee and Pain Relief Travel » Where I Live: My Rome: Still a Classic Beauty Update: How a Shift in U.S. Policy Could Affect Travel to Cuba 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Canterbury, England Books » Summer Reading: Summer Thrillers: Daring Escapes and Other Acts of Derring-Do Profile: Plot Twist! John Grisham’s New Thriller Is Positively Lawyerless Nonfiction: Soul of the ’60s: Otis Redding’s Short Life and Long Reach Education » Your Money: When Colleges Dangle Money to Lure Students Who Ignored Them Dozens of Middlebury Students Are Disciplined for Charles Murray Protest Messages to Graduates: Stand Up, Fight Back, Speak Out Food » A Good Appetite: A Chicken-Roasting Method All Good Cooks Know City Kitchen: The Makings of a Delicious Eton Mess Hungry City: For This Soup, Some Assembly Is Required (and Provided) Sunday Review » Opinion: Where Will the Medical Misfits Go? Editorial: Trumpcare’s Cruelty, Reaffirmed Frank Bruni: The Awkward Body Language of Donald Trump Real Estate » The Fix: The Best Way to Cool Your Space Living In: Salisbury, Conn.: An Antidote for Cabin Fever 360 View: When Mom Picks Out Your Apartment for You The Upshot » Economic Trends: Economic Fallout of Climate Move? It Depends on How We Value Time Urban Studies: A Revitalized Pittsburgh Says the President Used a Rusty Metaphor Economic View: A Tax Cut Might Be Nice. But Remember the Deficit. Magazine » The New York Issue: New York Stories Still Processing: At the Movies, the Beach Is the Ultimate Freedom. And in Life? Notebook: The Enduring Appeal of Seeing Trump as Chess Master in Chief Automobiles » Wheels: Hyundai Faces Tough Times as Buyers Go Big Driven: Video Review: After 15-Year Break, Lincoln Continental Returns With Style Wheels: What Self-Driving Cars See T Magazine » Meet the Musicians Who Modeled for Gucci Some Things T Editors Are Really Into Right Now Home and Work: In One Fabric Designer’s Home, a Lesson on Layering Prints Times Insider » Inside a Mobster’s Bedroom Ahead of Breaking News, a Shoe Story That Fits What We’re Reading Real Estate » 360 View When Mom Picks Out Your Apartment for You By RONDA KAYSEN Should adult children let their parents not only pay for their first apartment but also find it for them? Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH HPE's cloud server wasting away on low calorie Microsoft sales ViaSat lofts world's most powerful communications satellite into orbit Toshiba asset-swap shock: Western Digital is not impressed Giffgaff 'roam like at home' package means £1/min calls in Jersey Sage flogs North American Payments biz for $260m Whoops! Microsoft accidentally lets out a mobile-'bricking' OS update Google to give 6 months' warning for 2018 Chrome adblockalypse – report How do you do, fellow kids? Grandpa Puppet gets down with Docker Goodness gracious, great Chinese 'Fireball' malware infects 250m systems worldwide Social media vetting for US visas go live LIGO physicists eyeball a new gravitational wave Crapness of WannaCrypt coding offers hope for ransomware victims Who's going to dig you out of a security hole when the time comes? BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted Performance anxiety: A different take on 'hybrid infrastructure' Ransomware realities: In your normal life, strangers don't extort you. But here you are What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Windows is now built on Git, but Microsoft has found some bottlenecks Twilio packages code boilerplate to woo devs Facebook shares own tools to trap bugs before they break code Policy The Channel Walmart workers invited to shuttle packages Pai guy not too privacy shy, says your caller ID can't block IP, so anons go bye The Big Blue Chopper video that IBM might want to keep quiet Retirement age must move as life expectancy grows, says WEF Bixby bailout: Samsungers bailing on lame-duck assistant Your emotionally absent pic-snapping partner's going to look you in the eye again Samsung's Bixby assistant fails English, gets held back a month Qualcomm names its Windows 10 ARM PC partners Geek's Guide ESA astronaut deaccelerates from 28,800kph to zero in first bumpy landing Boffins find evidence of strange uranium-producing bacteria lurking underground Gay Dutch vultures become dads Curiosity rover's crater 'offered multiple microbe-friendly environments' Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Amazon granted patent to put parachutes inside shipping labels The nuclear launch button won't be pressed by a finger but by a bot Virtual reality headsets even less popular than wearable devices Microsoft boosts its AI framework with Cognitive Toolkit 2.0 Verity Stob Utah fights man's attempt to marry laptop German robo-pastor preaches the GNU Testament IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living 5 Business Walmart workers invited to shuttle packages Details scant on insurance, mileage costs, and depreciation 3 Jun 2017 at 00:06, Thomas Claburn As Amazon tests drone-drops for online orders, Walmart wants sales associates to double as delivery drivers. The global retail giant has launched a program to enlist its employees to deliver packages on the way to and from their jobs at the company's stores. Participation in the program, Walmart insists, is voluntary. Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce in the US, says the program will cut shipping costs and get packages to customers faster. Walmart's 4,700 stores in the US are within 10 miles of 90 per cent of the US population. And with more than a million workers moving between their homes and Walmart stores, commuting routes might need only minor adjustments to bring packages to customers. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based behemoth is pilot-testing its package delivery scheme in three locations, two in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas. Participating employees get an app for that, and extra pay. Lore suggests that Walmart's approach, having goods and drivers start in the same location, is superior to crowdsourced delivery, where drivers have to travel to pick up packages. That overlooks the fact that Walmart trucks still have to transport goods to a store with an employee-driver. Nonetheless, Uber's struggle to make delivery profitable – the company has shut down UberRush and UberEssentials – suggests there may be a better way. If Walmart can make it work, the company might be able to use its physical presence to raise its online fulfillment game – perhaps even at Amazon's expense. "We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup," Lore explained in a blog post. "Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house. The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home." Cash is king Walmart workers have been seeking extra income from the company, known for its low pay and resistance to unionization, for many years. Last year, Walmart committed to paying employees hired before 2016 at least $10 an hour. As a point of comparison, Walmart CEO Doug McMillon pocketed $21.8 million last year. Based on a 40-hour work week, for 52 weeks, that works out to about $10,480 an hour. At the company's recent shareholder meeting, there were again calls for higher wages, predictable schedules, and better benefits, according to The Washington Post. In an email to The Register, Cynthia Murray – who heads Organization United for Respect (OUR), a group that advocates for Walmart workers, and is an active Walmart associate based in Laurel, Maryland – acknowledged that the opportunity to earn additional income would be welcomed by some, but expressed concern about compensation details. "While many Walmart associates are struggling to get enough hours to make ends meet, this opportunity for additional hours could be a win for some associates," said Murray. "But without understanding if associates are going to be compensated for gas, additional insurance costs, wear and tear on our cars and the potential risks of delivering packages, then this program could be creating problems for associates." Murray added, "Technology is changing the nature of work in retail and we understand that. And while Walmart continues to point to its 1.5 million associates as its advantage over companies like Amazon, we also know that they are not doing enough to support us and our families." Walmart did not respond to a request for further details on the program. ® Tips and corrections 5 Comments MORE Walmart Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Walmart buys Jet.com 2 Comments Walmart sues Visa for being too lax with protecting chip cards The only thing lower than our prices is your security! 66 Comments Speaking in Tech: Went to Cancun... visited the Walmart Podcast All the best tech gossip here... Walmart spied on workers' Tweets, blogs before protests Defence contractor Lockheed Martin provided intelligence services before Black Friday 35 Comments Walmart to open-source its cloud-hopping code Retail giant offers skeleton key to escape cloud lock-in from … oh, no cloud in particular 10 Comments Walmart takes its DevOps platform and piles it high on GitHub Mega grocer throwing rotten tomatoes at Amazon? 5 Comments Whitepapers Hybrid and Public Cloud for Mission-critical Deployment Red Hat is a modern-day success story; it’s open-source software (OSS) model has now penetrated nearly every layer of IT systems that were once proprietary. Evaluation Guide for Mobile App Security Testing What do you need to look for when identifying, evaluating, and implementing mobile app security testing solutions? Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. Top Reasons NetBackup Beats Veeam NetBackup unified data protection protects all data no matter where it lives: virtual, physical or in the cloud. Most read The Linux cloud swap that spells trouble for Microsoft and VMware Microsoft founder Paul Allen reveals world's biggest-ever plane BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted Identity management outfit OneLogin sugar coats impact of attack Crapness of WannaCrypt coding offers hope for ransomware victims Spotlight How the Facebook money funnel is shaping British elections Your roadmap to the Google vs Oracle Java wars Project Gollum: Because NHS Caring means NHS Sharing Plutus Payroll clients and staff fell for plausible business model fairy tales Drugs, vodka, Volvo: The Scandinavian answer to Britain's future new border UK General Election 2017: How EU law will hit British politicians' Facebook fight Facebook fake news: Sort it out yourself, readers Unpaid tech contractor: 'I have to support my family. I have no money for medicines' Sponsored links Know Your Infrastructure - On Prem and in the Cloud Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 72° Low 68° High 84° Fayetteville 64° Low 61° High 81° Bentonville 70° Low 64° High 82° See complete forecast 47th Annual Walmart Shareholders Meeting Brings Thousands To Bud Walton Arena Posted 7:06 pm, June 2, 2017, by Kathryn Gilker Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video FAYETTEVILLE (KFSM) -- It was a big day for the 14,000 people inside the 47th annual Walmart Shareholders meeting. Technology and online sales have been a big theme all week at the meeting, and CEO Doug McMillon drummed the theme home, saying the company will compete with technology but win with people. “We'll win because we are purpose driven, with clear and meaningful values, with clear and meaningful values and an effective and resilient culture," he said. "It will be our humanity that drives our creativity, powers our competitive spirit and keeps us out in front." Walmart announced major changes to make them more competitive online against retail giants like Amazon. The company said it is rolling out changes to make life easier for families. One of those changes is free automated pickup. Customers drive up to the machine in the Walmart parking lot, enter a code and their order is provided in about a minute. “After testing it will be available 24-hours a day, 7 days a week," said Gisel Ruiz, executive vice president of operations for Sam's Club. "Imagine that ... and we'll be the only retailer in the world to have this setup." All around the world employees are thinking about what's possible and trying out new innovations. In Mexico they have digital kiosks where customers can place online orders in store and pay with cash. “Technology is helping us in so many ways," said Judith McKenna, chief operating officer of Walmart U.S. "It's providing convenience for our customers, it's helping to make sure that the work that our associates do is simpler and more valuable and most importantly that gives them more time to serve our customers.” Walmart is on track to achieve a 10-year commitment to support $250 billion in products that support American jobs. Walmart also announced a new test program where associates deliver online orders to customers on their commute home. This program is being tested at one Northwest Arkansas store and two in New Jersey. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results ‘It Needs A Leash’: Mom Finds Giant Spider In Toddler’s Room Baby Dies After Pregnant Mom Is Seriously Injured In Crash With Suspected Drunk Driver Former Univision Arkansas Host Faces Rape Charge Lavaca Man Airlifted To Hospital After Getting Attacked By Cow Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results FULL INTERVIEW: Trevor Stephan & Jack Kenley On Clutch Performances FULL INTERVIEW: Dave Van Horn Recaps Win Over ORU NCAA Regional Tournament Is Main Topic for Tailgating Hog Fans Stephan Dazzles As Arkansas Edges ORU In Regional Opener News Walmart To Begin Testing Associate Delivery News Walmart Shareholders Meeting Brings More Business News Thousands Head To Bud Walton For Walmart Shareholders Meeting News Walmart Cuts About 300 Jobs From Tech Division News Walmart Associates Connect At Shareholders Event News Walmart Offers Differential Pay To Military Associates News Local Food Pantry Gets Major Food Donation From Walmart Shareholders Week News Walmart Tries To Woo Online Customers With “Pickup Discount” News Delivery Robots Are Being Tested On U of A Campus News WATCH: Walmart Shareholders Meeting Happening Now With Blake Shelton As Host News Walmart: Woman Filmed Making Racist Comments Banned From Shopping In Store News Tyson Announces Switch To Using Antibiotic Free Chicken News Walmart Shows Appreciation To Moms With Walmart Beauty Boxes Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:00 GMT, Jun 03, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica Walmart uses ‘brutally unfair’ system to punish employees for illnesses ‒ report Published time: 3 Jun, 2017 00:04 Get short URL Walmart employees and supporters block off a major intersection in downtown Washington, DC to stage a protest calling for $15 an hour and consistent full-time work on October 16, 2014. © Kevin Lamarque / Reuters Walmart is facing a battery of bad news about its treatment of employees, just in time for its annual shareholder meeting. A labor rights group says the company has an illegal sick leave policy, while workers wonder if racism plays a role in scheduling. As America’s largest private employer, with 1.5 million employees, Walmart has long been criticized for its policy of placing profit above all else, especially its workers. A new report about Walmart’s “absence control program” described the company’s sick leave policy as “brutally unfair” and “often against the law.” A Better Balance, a work and family legal center, surveyed more than 1,000 current and former Walmart employees about the policy. The group found that the company routinely refuses to accept doctors’ notes, punishes workers who need time off to care for a sick family member and otherwise penalizes lawful absences covered under the American with Disabilities Act (ADA) and the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as well as other worker protections. Read more Walmart treats pregnant women as ‘second-class citizens’, new lawsuit claims Walmart’s employee policies are not distributed to workers, who are instead only able to access them on the company’s internal computer system, and often only when they are on-shift and management may be hovering nearby, A Better Balance found. Based on the interviews with employees, the group reports that Walmart operates a point system to discipline workers. All infractions ‒ “from talking back to a supervisor or taking too long during a break, to working too slowly or being absent from or late to work” ‒ are part of this system. When it comes to absences, anything “unauthorized” ‒ defined as working less than half a scheduled shift ‒ earns an employee one point. Showing up more than 10 minutes late is half a point. Not calling to report an absence at least an hour before shift nets four points. Employees who have worked for the company for less than six months are fired at four points, while those who have been with Walmart longer can accrue no more than nine points in a six-month rolling period. “I got into a car wreck on my way to work and was sent by ambulance to the hospital. I had two fractured ribs and a concussion. I reached a manager from the hospital, who said it would be OK, and I came into work the next day with wrapped ribs and a concussion. The front manager then said that they wouldn’t accept the doctor’s note from the hospital, and they fired me for missing that day,” a former employee in Oklahoma said in the report. Once employees start racking up points, they can receive disciplinary coachings, which go into their files. Having points or coachings on their records can keep workers from being assigned additional hours or receiving raises or promotions. “We call on Walmart not only to follow the law, but to work with its employees who have occasional absences related to health and disability,” A Better Balance said in its report. “Walmart can do better, and Walmart must do better. Workers and the advocates standing with them will not stop pushing until Walmart treats its workers fairly.” #Walmart warns workers not to use app helping them understand company's labor rules https://t.co/ImMDSyntSKpic.twitter.com/lrXTIqWj5V— RT America (@RT_America) November 15, 2016 Walmart said it had yet to see the report, but denied it punishes workers in emergency situations. “We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them,” Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for Walmart, told the New York Times. The company reviews each employee’s circumstances individually, he said, “in compliance with company policy and the law.” Walmart’s employees are disproportionately low-wage and women of color, the report notes. One way that workers have sought to discover just how much the company discriminates against women, especially women of color, in managers’ decisions about which employees receive part-time versus full-time hours is to get Walmart to disclose the racial composition of its respective hourly workforces. #Walmartshares touts record on women but #WalmartWomen are 56% hourly workers, 43% management & 31% corporate officers. Equal opportunity? pic.twitter.com/TjSsVyOQuJ— Stand Up 2 Walmart (@OURWmt) June 2, 2017 The proposal ‒ filed by Janie Grice, a Walmart worker from Marion, South Carolina, at the annual shareholders meeting in Bentonville Arkansas ‒ was opposed by Walmart management and ultimately failed. "We believe that we’re supporting diversity within our associate ranks and encouraging promotion," Hargrove, the Walmart spokesman, told Buzzfeed News. "We’ve disclosed some percentages of what we’re doing, and we’re always looking at opportunities for more disclosure and how we work with our shareholders. Creating a culture that fosters diversity and inclusion is fundamental to everything we do at Walmart." The company says it is investing in its employees with both raises and training. Earlier this week, Walmart debuted a virtual reality headset to train employees. Another proposal, which has been in testing in one Arkansas and two New Jersey stores for a month, would pay employees who volunteer to deliver packages to customers on their way home from work. Read more Human resources: Walmart hired Lockheed Martin to keep tabs on employees “Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said, noting that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. “There is really strong overlap between where our associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” Although employees would be paid extra and offered overtime as necessary, Jariwala did not outline whether they would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination thereof, the Washington Post reported. Labor experts question the program, noting that employees could end up shouldering much of the risk, cost and liabilities involved with the deliveries. “The practice seems ripe for abuse if the company does not compensate workers for the full cost of their journey, the expenses related to gas, car depreciation, and potential problems like accidents, tickets or parking expenses,” Stephanie Luce, a labor professor at the City University of New York, told the Post. “Like other ‘gig economy’ type jobs, there is a potential to benefit workers ‒ but in reality, most of the benefits accrue to the employer, not the employee.” In mid-May, two women, represented by A Better Balance, sued Walmart, claiming it discriminated against pregnant employees before a policy change in 2014. The suit seeks class-action status, and, if accepted, could include at least 20,000 women and possibly up to 50,000 who worked at Walmart while pregnant before the policy was changed. The two women are considering filing a second lawsuit over the new policy, saying it did not go far enough. In January, Walmart announced pay raises for 1.2 million of its employees, bringing wages up to at least $10 an hour. The news came just five days after the company announced it was closing 154 stores in the US and laying off 10,000 people. What would you do if you found a cry for help from a prisoner and sweatshop laborer in your Walmart tote? https://t.co/AO59PnSmhr— RT America (@RT_America) May 2, 2017 Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Philippine police seek casino attacker's identity News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Puerto Rican nationalist to march, but not as parade honoree Sheriff: Ambulance driver fell asleep before fatal Duanesburg Americade takes over Lake George this week Great Escape debuts massive new waterslides Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Orioles power past Porcello, Red Sox Harvey, bullpen hit hard in loss Donaldson does in Yanks Noteworthy Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Bond yields, dollar's value take falls Photos: GE Career Lab Photos: Women of Excellence luncheon Good news for New York: Millennials can't stop drinking wine Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories New York City mourns a first responder to 9/11 Naughty by Nature, Outlaws join Alive at Five lineup People in the news: Boy? Girl? Don't tell Serena Better U. graduates say program changed their lives Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Ciudad Juarez museum tells Mexican Revolution story Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news TIPS: How to make the most of grilling season Sipping: Wine pick of the week Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives June 3: Kingston tours June 10: Historical slideshow in Copake NYS Takes Swift Action on Climate and Paris Standards I should’ve kept my mouth shut … but he TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Pop-up theater company works with variety of venues Campus Watch: Burnt Hills grad leads St. John's baseball Rex Smith: Leaders' job is to think of the future Albany teacher shares lessons learned in uniform Jobs Top Workplaces Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Learning lessons from a garage sale fail High & Low House of the Week: Rowhouse on Washington Park, Albany June's Parade of Homes set to be largest yet Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Free movies: Bow Tie Cinemas Summer Kids Series returns June 20 What to buy in June? Key items to “buy” or “wait to buy” during Money tips for new college grads MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Walmart-touts-investment-in-people-technology-11192563.php Walmart touts investment in people, technology by Christopher S. Rugaber and Anne D'innocenzio, associated Press Published 7:33 pm, Friday, June 2, 2017 Fayetteville, Ark. Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the 11th straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the 10th quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Walmart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. Most Popular 1 Vacant lots in Albany going for $100 2 Police: Rensselaer County resident hit woman in face with shovel 3 Update on Wolff’s Biergarten barkeep Mark Graydon 4 ICE arrests 16 in Saratoga Springs 5 Sheriff: Ambulance driver fell asleep before fatal Duanesburg... 6 Ranked: Capital Region teacher salaries 7 My Life as a Plus Size Derby Girl View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Cyclists, officials pedal through west Vancouver’s bike infrastructure Inslee puts faces on policies Vancouver man sentenced in burglary Construction summit to be held at WareHouse ’23 Vancouver boy’s death at dentist ruled drug intoxication Special counsel’s Trump investigation includes Manafort case Judge rules that county violated public records act Clark County boy sickened in salmonella outbreak AWARE prevention program shows results As the school year winds down, a crowd of students gathered in a classroom at Chief Umtuch Middle School last… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Seahawks not signing Kaepernick, for now Oklahoma beats UW at softball World Series Mariners slug their way past Rays Valeri scores twice to power Timbers Bonneville Dam fish count 6/2 Fans can vote for All-Region soccer Union’s Cranston picks prep academy Bonneville Dam fish count 6/1 Overhaul coming for winter steelhead streams Fishing report 6/1 Union’s Cranston picks prep academy Cameron Cranston wants to keep his dream of playing NCAA Division I basketball alive, and will take another year in… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Convicted fraud figure arrested again Chipotle, Potbelly, Qdoba sink into fast-casual malaise Wal-Mart touts investment in people, technology CenturyLink fined $123,000 for communications outage Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year U.S. employers add modest 138K jobs; rate dips to 4.3 percent Singletary: Millennials moving home not a disaster Battle of the Retail Titans: Wal-Mart vs. Amazon Job market solid 8 years after recession ended Mechatronics program preview set for Wednesday Wal-Mart touts investment in people, technology FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company’s investments in people and technology, but also said the company… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories In one state, abused animals get a legal voice in court Liverpool fetes ‘Sgt. Pepper’ with help from its friends Ariana Grande’s Manchester benefit airing on Disney channels Orchestra’s season finale has decided Armenian flavor Renowned artist’s clay work featured at Camas Gallery First lady draws attention in Sicily On Ridgefield’s Lake River, try for dry ‘Wonder Woman’ lives up to the name Market Fresh Finds: Versatile onion revs up most meals Food & Drink: Mill Creek Pub seeks to advance local foods Orchestra’s season finale has decided Armenian flavor The final concert of the Vancouver Symphony’s season will show an Armenian influence in two different ways. That’s because the… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Plan for the Future Letter: Trump will lead to ruin Letter: Nazis took aim at media Letter: Travel bans are full of holes Letter: Give seniors a break at Luepke Letter: Bridge proposals come up short Robinson: Did Trump’s son-in-law fly too close to the sun? Letter: A swing and a miss for Trump In Our View: Free Speech is Sacrosanct Parker: Will Trump come to regret trust placed in Kushner? Editorial Cartoons, May 28-June 3 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Everybody Has a Story: Bear bite was ticket to family attention You Can Help In the Service Students raise money to purchase iPods for Alzheimer’s patients Camas horse rider wins state title Washougal High School students honored for STEM work Local boy collects donations for homeless at birthday party Hit-and-run victim receives donated wheelchair Riders donate cash to coffee house Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Vancouver’s Uptown Village is, quite literally, on the rise. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Wal-Mart touts investment in people, technology CEO says workers shouldn’t fear rise of automation in retail Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Wal-Mart shareholders meeting Friday at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D’INNOCENZIO, Associated Press Published: June 2, 2017, 4:21 PM A   A FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company’s investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Wal-Mart has introduced or tested in the past year, such as grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company also has put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn’t fear increasing automation in the industry. “No doubt our work will be different in the future — robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do,” he continued. “Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don’t think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together.” A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon suggested that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. “We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology,” he said. But when or if that would happen is “to be determined.” Wal-Mart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn’t remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Wal-Mart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Wal-Mart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies in Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. “I’m really excited about the environment that we’re creating for people to learn,” McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Wal-Mart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It’s also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon’s popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping “free,” given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. “I don’t think you should have to pay for free shipping,” he said. Wal-Mart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In Retail Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston ENewspaper Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive Here's who is upping Walmart's game for employees By Katherine Blunt June 2, 2017 Begin Slideshow 8 Photo: Michael Wyke, Freelance Image 1of/8 Caption Close Image 1 of 8 Trina Grier, regional HR manager for War-Mart in the offices of the newly opened store in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Trina Grier, regional HR manager for War-Mart in the offices of the newly opened store in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Photo: Michael Wyke, Freelance Image 2 of 8 Trina Grier, regional HR manager for War-Mart in the offices of the newly opened store in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Trina Grier, regional HR manager for War-Mart in the offices of the newly opened store in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Photo: Michael Wyke, Freelance Image 3 of 8 Trina Grier, regional HR manager for War-Mart in the offices of the newly opened store in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Trina Grier, regional HR manager for War-Mart in the offices of the newly opened store in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Photo: Michael Wyke, Freelance Image 4 of 8 The bakery and meat departments of the newly opened Wal-Mart store in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) The bakery and meat departments of the newly opened Wal-Mart store in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Photo: Michael Wyke, Freelance Image 5 of 8 Ronel Ybarola, a produce associate stocker, arranges a display of peaches in the produce section of the newly opened Wal-Mart store in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Ronel Ybarola, a produce associate stocker, arranges a display of peaches in the produce section of the newly opened Wal-Mart store in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Photo: Michael Wyke, Freelance Image 6 of 8 Amanda Brown, bakery manager, spiffs up the display racks of various breads in the bakery department of the newly opened War-Mart in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Amanda Brown, bakery manager, spiffs up the display racks of various breads in the bakery department of the newly opened War-Mart in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Photo: Michael Wyke, Freelance Image 7 of 8 Josephine Jimenez and Leila Albarado make and stack freshly made tortillas in the bakery department of the newly opened Wal-Mart store in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Josephine Jimenez and Leila Albarado make and stack freshly made tortillas in the bakery department of the newly opened Wal-Mart store in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Photo: Michael Wyke, Freelance Image 8 of 8 Shoppers work their way through the aisles of the grocery section in the newly opened Wal-Mart store in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Shoppers work their way through the aisles of the grocery section in the newly opened Wal-Mart store in Katy, TX, June, 2017. (Michael Wyke / For the Chronicle) Photo: Michael Wyke, Freelance Here's who is upping Walmart's game for employees 1 / 8 Back to Gallery Walmart has intensified its focus on its employees in recent years in a broad effort to improve store performance and better respond to new retail demands. In 2015, it announced it would invest $2.7 billion in raising wages and opening hundreds of "Walmart Academies" to teach employees skills to advance themselves within the company. Trina Grier, regional human resources director for Walmart, is in charge of that initiative in Houston. She joined the company in 2009 as a regional compliance manager and transitioned to human resources in 2011. She worked in North Carolina and Indiana before arriving in Houston in January. She now oversees more than 30,000 employees in the region and recently sat down with the Houston Chronicle to discuss her role at the company. Q: What are your responsibilities in your role here? A: I am responsible for ensuring that our people are a priority. As a company, we have a focus on talent development, and as a region, our focus is on developing our talent when (employees) walk through the door. It's really about that end-to-end training for efficiencies and intentional delivery of customer service. Q: During your time with Walmart, what sort of changes have you seen in the company's focus on its employees? Translator To read this article in one of Houston's most-spoken languages, click on the button below. Business Business calendar People in Business Electric cars get a new jolt of energy from Texas Kinder Morgan completes IPO to move ahead with Canadian pipeline There's a new sheriff on the Gulf Week in review A: That's the total focus. It's about the knowledge base of the associate and ensuring that the associate has access to every tool necessary, or access to the resource, to make the right decision for customer service and their own growth. Work life balance is an important component. The company is really driven to improve the quality of life, if you will, of the associate. Q: How have you seen that commitment play out among the employees you work with here? A: I can give you an example. In this area, we are doing regional selection. It's for our assistant manager trainees to have an opportunity to come into a corporate, competitive interview process. We were able to promote 27 assistant store managers on the spot. These folks were all hourly associates who were able to put their best selves forward. One of the stories we heard during that process, from some of the associates in the room, was that their salaries and quality of life could double (with the promotion). Q: What do you hope to accomplish this year in your new role? A: I'm really trying to build my presence in Houston. The first piece of that is talent development. My desire is that we continuously promote through that regional selection process. From the ground up, I need to encourage and motivate our associates so that they can change their situations. If you're a cashier today, six months from now you can be an assistant manager. It just depends on your effort level and your commitment to learning the business and showing that you want to do more. The second piece is associate engagement. We do fun Fridays. The store managers get involved in contests. In our individual stores, we encourage (managers) to reach the associates and spend some time getting to know them. We require what we call CBWA – coaching by walking around. The last thing, for me, is diversity and inclusion. What greater place to do that than the melting pot called Houston? If we think about the talent development and associate engagement, there's always an opportunity to focus on something that touches an inclusive factor. Q: How does this market compare to others you've worked in? A: North Carolina is home for me, and being a native, I don't even know if I saw the diversity that was present because it was what I grew up with. But then I left North Carolina and went to Indiana. Once I left the city of Indianapolis, I saw that diversity was not as much of a focus. That became one of the things that (influenced) my commitment to diversity and inclusion. The melting pot of Houston has cultures that I would have never interacted with in Indiana. It's also competitive. I don't think there's a block that I've driven down that didn't have everything you needed and that just drives the hunger to bring more attention to Walmart because we have competition on every corner. To keep our associates engaged, we've got to do something a little bit different (such as) providing those opportunities to advance. I like to talk about a lot of the store managers I've met during the course of my career who started out as cart pushers. By the time you calculate bonuses and everything, they could make a quarter million dollars a year. Katherine Blunt Reporter, Houston Chronicle Houston For a Houston family, the ICE crackdown shatters the good life Business Seafarers' Center downsizes among changing tides Music Austin Mahone talks Drake, Harry Styles, Texas and crazy fans Texans Texans release two and sign free agents Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Power of 9 Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Sports Headlines LSU earns 3rd straight WCWS trip SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators The Investigators: Caught Red Handed: Inmate escapes caught on surveillance The Investigators: Misuse of Position? Mayor accused of escorting people into town hall, helping them vote WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Take A Road Trip Best of the Class: 2017 Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages 2017-06-02T21:07:43Z2017-06-02T21:10:58Z By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) - Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering - part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting - comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future -robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Chicago, Trump administration have draft police reform deal Chicago, Trump administration have draft police reform deal Posted: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:58 GMT Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:58 GMT Two Chicago newspapers are reporting the city has proposed to the U.S. Justice Department that its police department be overseen by an independent monitor.More >> Two Chicago newspapers are reporting the city has proposed to the U.S. Justice Department that its police department be overseen by an independent monitor.More >> 3rd worker found dead after blast at Wisconsin corn mill 3rd worker found dead after blast at Wisconsin corn mill Posted: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:56 GMT Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:56 GMT Crews have recovered the body of a third worker from the ruins of a corn mill in southern Wisconsin, two days after an explosion at the facility.More >> Crews have recovered the body of a third worker from the ruins of a corn mill in southern Wisconsin, two days after an explosion at the facility.More >> Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn't cause death Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn't cause death Posted: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:51 GMT Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:51 GMT Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell had drugs in his body, including an anti-anxiety medication, but they didn't contribute to his death. (Source: Photo by Casey Curry/Invision/AP) Autopsy reports show Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell had sedatives and other drugs in his system on the night he died by hanging himself in his Detroit hotel room. More >> Autopsy reports show Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell had sedatives and other drugs in his system on the night he died by hanging himself in his Detroit hotel room.More >> 3 ex-Penn State officials sent to jail in Sandusky scandal 3 ex-Penn State officials sent to jail in Sandusky scandal Posted: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:49 GMT Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:49 GMT Ex-Penn State President Graham Spanier and two other one-time school administrators are heading to court to be sentenced for child endangerment for failing to report Jerry Sandusky to authorities in 2001.More >> Ex-Penn State President Graham Spanier and two other one-time school administrators are heading to court to be sentenced for child endangerment for failing to report Jerry Sandusky to authorities in 2001.More >> Press groups urge congressional probe on assault of reporter Press groups urge congressional probe on assault of reporter Posted: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:45 GMT Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:45 GMT A coalition of press groups is asking Congress to consider disciplinary action against Montana's newly elected congressman, Greg Gianforte, who is accused of throwing a reporter to the ground during a confrontation...More >> A coalition of press groups is asking Congress to consider disciplinary action against Montana's newly elected congressman, Greg Gianforte, who is accused of throwing a reporter to the ground during a confrontation a day before the election.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrest More >> Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrestMore >> Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues. More >> Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues.More >> Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia. More >> A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia.More >> Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digs More >> If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digsMore >> Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to facts More >> U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to factsMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Walmart To Begin Testing Associate Delivery - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Walmart To Begin Testing Associate Delivery Posted: Friday, June 2, 2017 5:52 PM EDT Updated: Friday, June 2, 2017 5:53 PM EDT JORDAN TIDWELL BENTONVILLE, AR -- Walmart announced on Thursday (June 1) that they will begin testing associate delivery. This announcement comes during a Role of Digital at Walmart meeting during Walmart Shareholders Week. The new delivery system will get online orders to customers' doors using Walmart associates. Walmart said the test program will cut shipping costs and get the packages to their destinations faster. President and CEO of Walmart E-Commerce Marc Lore said this program is optional for the associates. "Imagine hundreds of associates they live all around different neighborhoods around the Walmart," he said. "We take the packages and say okay this associate lives over here and they're going to drive this way. Here's one one along the route." Delivery trucks will be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to the final destination, where an associate can sign up to deliver the items to the customer's house. Walmart spokesperson Danit Marquardt said this gives associates a way to earn extra income on their drive home. With this test program, most packages are delivered the day after the customer places the order. Amazon has something similar, as they offer same-day delivery services in a lot of locations across the country. "This is, you know, an interesting test and a great test that we are doing to ultimately leverage our unique assets including our stores, our fulfillment networks and our group of associates," she said. Associates will be able to choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of each package and which days they are able to make deliveries. Walmart developed an app for this that allows the associates to put in their address and it gives them packages they can deliver on their commute route. "Imagine in the future the possibilities once this network is built out," Lore said. "It allows people to deliver products that are already in the store, fresh or whatever the same day to customers." Walmart is testing this delivery system in three stores, two in New Jersey and one in Northwest Arkansas. KFSM TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Classifieds Place an Ad Homes Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 75° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. A stray severe thunderstorm is possible. High 92F. Winds SW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms during the evening, then becoming clear overnight. Gusty winds and small hail are possible. Low 63F. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: June 2, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 4 Jason Ivester Greg Penner, left, board chairman, speaks alongside Jim Walton, Alice Walton and Rob Walton for the presentation of the Sam Walton Award during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon speaks during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) AP Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press Jun 2, 2017 Updated 7 hrs ago 0 Jason Ivester Greg Penner, left, board chairman, speaks alongside Jim Walton, Alice Walton and Rob Walton for the presentation of the Sam Walton Award during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon speaks during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Technology × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Spring Grove Soda Pop opens retail store, plans new plant Hartford looking to state to help prevent bankruptcy Local officials are optimistic about summer tourism season Where are the best places for summer jobs? Honda CR-V is restyled, has first turbo engine in 2017 Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Obituaries Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 66° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Partly cloudy. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 89F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight A few clouds from time to time. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 66F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 3, 2017 @ 12:15 am Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close 1 of 4 Jason Ivester Greg Penner, left, board chairman, speaks alongside Jim Walton, Alice Walton and Rob Walton for the presentation of the Sam Walton Award during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon speaks during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) AP Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press Jun 2, 2017 Updated 8 hrs ago 0 Jason Ivester Greg Penner, left, board chairman, speaks alongside Jim Walton, Alice Walton and Rob Walton for the presentation of the Sam Walton Award during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Jason Ivester Walmart CEO Doug McMillon speaks during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Technology × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Nolan Osland delivers dramatic walk-off single in Muskie home opener Local roundup: Burkamper falls to Iowa Wilton boys golf in ninth place after first round at state; Durant's Leo Callison shoots 86 Area baseball preview: Wilton, Wapello unfazed by new pitch count rule Thursday's prep report More on this topic Correction: Denver Drone Doughnuts story Washington state man busted for fraud in 2007 charged again Venezuelan president moves forward on constitution assembly Louisiana's film tax credit program to continue, with a cap US rig count rises 8 this week to 916; Texas up 5 Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular Morgan ready to take on 'dream job' as Muscatine athletic director Highway 61 traffic cam turned off while Muscatine appeals court ruling Muscatine police looking for information in assault investigation Longtime waitress spreads her wings to open Birdsley's Diner Lynne Weber Nursing home officials say facilities are suffering because of new regulations 10 years later: Muscatine, Fruitland residents remember 2007 tornado Police identify body found in Mississippi River as missing Clinton woman Betty Jean Chatfield Council votes to regulate fireworks sales and use Currents +5 Election 2016 Live Why China is stepping up against climate change +12 National How many would you get right? 11 memorable words from the National Spelling Bee Autos Behind the wheel in a $250,000 Lamborghini Huracan Spencer Pratt's baby war with Lauren Conrad Bellinger homers, Ks rule in Dodgers 2-1 win over Brewers Late sub Diaz has 1st homer, 6 RBIs as Pirates top Mets 12-7 Donaldson 2 HRs, Blue Jays beat Yankees 7-5; Judge hits 18th Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania.com Topics & Features Obituaries e-Edition Weather Contact us River levels Online features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart touts traditional retailing roots as advantage Walmart bucks trend and increases in-store and online sales Post to Facebook Walmart touts traditional retailing roots as advantage Walmart bucks trend and increases in-store and online sales  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2szc8um {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart touts traditional retailing roots as advantage Christopher S. Rugaber and Anne D'Innocenzio, Associated Press Writers Published 5:17 p.m. ET June 2, 2017 | Updated 10 hours ago Walmart CEO Doug McMillon talks about employee Willie Perkins during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Photo: Jason Ivester / AP) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Fayetteville, Ark. — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon is touting the company’s traditional retailing roots as a competitive advantage as it seeks to take sales away from online giant Amazon at a time of industry upheaval. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted a range of approaches Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also made serious investments in its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites. McMillon and other executives also highlighted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. “We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as Walmart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. Walmart’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world as well as shareholders, analysts and several members of the founding Walton family. Gwen Stefani, Mary J. Blige, Ne-Yo and The Band Perry performed while Blake Shelton, Stefani’s boyfriend and co-star from “The Voice,” served as host. Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark.  (Photo: Jason Ivester / AP) McMillon highlighted the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations about employees excelling at their jobs, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. Both comments prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But “too many of us are still part-time,” she said. “Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can’t plan our lives, or line up a second job.” Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. “Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children,” Davis said. Blake Jackson, a Walmart spokesman, said the company’s leave policies for hourly workers are significantly better than most of the industry. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company also spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and Moosejaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It’s also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon’s popular Prime plan. Wal-Mart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers, including department stores wrestling with weak sales. Target, a key rival, is trying to turn around a string of quarterly declines for a key sales measure and customer traffic. As a result, investors have been drawn to Walmart’s shares. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2szc8um TOP VIDEOS Impressions of Wednesday's Mackinac Conference 6:41 Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24 Raw video: Taking a hot lap on Belle Isle 3:58 Little Caesars world headquarters hosts 'topping out' ceremony 1:33 Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Bay Area political events: refugees, Indivisible Stolen GPS devices lead police to suspects in Santa Clara Police say Fremont officer holstered Taser before shooting man ‘It’s not stopping!’ Muni bus crashes into firetruck in SF News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Chicago, Trump administration have draft police reform deal Q&A: Could executive privilege block Comey testimony? Meet America's latest fitness star: Ruth Bader Ginsburg Tillerson faces task of defending Trump's decision to allies Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors A’s routed by Nationals, 1,800th win for Dusty Baker Warriors leaning on Brown’s expertise to defend James Nats’ Joe Ross to face A’s at Coliseum, his childhood home El Cerrito hurdler impressive in state finals qualifying Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Move hat making into a US factory? Easier said than done Job growth stumbles in May Blue Apron meal kit delivery service files for IPO Lyft’s first diversity report shows it’s mostly white and A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Global theater sans the plane ticket at SFIAF The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife ‘Wonder Woman’ gives different perspective to an action movie Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Our favorite places for doughnuts in the Bay Area Where to find free doughnuts in the Bay Area Here's a photo of Lebron James ordering a bunch of food at The Last call at original Doc's Clock location is Saturday Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Summer Camp Guide Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall Watch a 6-year-old spell 'nyctinasty' at the National Spelling You know you're a real Oakland local if... Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Italy’s ‘greatest lake’ not just for A-list celebrities Suite Spot: Conrad Bora Bora Nui, French Polynesia Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Home in the heart of the city Small cottage on huge lot for $1.195 million in Corona Heights Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Walmart-touts-traditional-retail-roots-as-11192282.php Walmart touts traditional retail roots as advantage By Christopher S. Rugaber and Anne D’Innocenzio Published 2:26 pm, Friday, June 2, 2017 FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon is touting the company’s traditional retailing roots as a competitive advantage as it seeks to take sales away from Amazon at a time of industry upheaval. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted a range of approaches Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also made investments in its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites. McMillon and other executives also highlighted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. Latest business videos “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience.”We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as Walmart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. Walmart’s online sales grew as it tinkered with shipping offers and other services, and the retailer drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the 11th straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the 10th quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Walmart workers from around the world as well as shareholders, analysts and several members of the founding Walton family. Gwen Stefani, Mary J. Blige, Ne-Yo and the Band Perry performed while Blake Shelton served as host. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. Both comments prompted cheers from the employees. McMillon highlighted the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and Jet Fresh delivery, which provides grocery delivery in one or two days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. Wal-Mart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. As a result, investors have been drawn to Walmart shares, which have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Christopher S. Rugaber and Anne D’Innocenzio are Associated Press writers. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Muni bus crashes into firetruck in SF Stolen GPS devices lead police to burglary suspects Police: Fremont cop holstered Taser before shooting man Vandals leave South SF neighborhood without water Warriors’ co-owner among new UC regents Report: Walmart punishes workers for taking sick days Autopsy: Drugs didn't cause Chris Cornell's death 14 NorCal poisoned by 'death cap' mushrooms Australian tourist killed in fight near Russian Hill hotel in SF Shooting in Oakland leaves 2 men dead and police hunting killer Gun-wielding bandit sought in potato chip robbery at SF store Jack O'Neill, Santa Cruz surf wetsuit pioneer, dies How Jack O’Neill shaped surfing culture 2 courtside seats at Oracle cost the same as this house Report: 'Bachelorette' star dated Kevin Durant Ostler: Dubs’ summer trip to Hamptons for KD was worth it Cavs’ defensive ace glad the refs let ‘em play TODAY'S TOP PICKS Ivanka tweets support for LGBTQ friends, gets slammed Our favorite places for doughnuts in the Bay Area Griffin not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over Most Popular 1 Australian tourist killed in Polk Gulch fight 2 ‘It’s not stopping!’ Muni bus crashes into firetruck in SF 3 14 Northern Californians poisoned by 'death cap' mushrooms, 3... 4 Griffin not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over 5 Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn't cause death 6 Ivanka tweets support for LGBTQ friends, gets slammed 7 Jack O’Neill, surfing innovator, dies in Santa Cruz 8 Warriors’ co-owner among new UC regents appointed by governor 9 Magnitude 6.9 earthquake strikes near Alaska's Aleutian Islands 10 Here are the areas in the US most likely to be struck in a... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Skip to content comics cosplay tv/film games Submit tip Contact CGC Insider Search for: Home > Games > Hasbro Has A Slew Of New Transformers: The Last Knight Robots Coming Hasbro Has A Slew Of New Transformers: The Last Knight Robots Coming Posted by Jeremy Konrad June 2, 2017 5 Comments Transformers: The Last Night is coming to theaters June 21, and as one would imagine, plenty of toys are coming as well. While initial waves have already hit stores, there are plentiful amounts of others on the way. Personally, I can’t wait to get my hands on Skullitron and Nitro. AND LOOK AT THAT CYBERTRON PLANET!!! Looks like most of the stores exclusives will be coming to Walmart and Toys R Us as well. Here, straight from Hasbro themselves, are descriptions and many, many pics of them all: TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION DELUXE CLASS COGMAN Figure (Ages 8 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $19.99/Available: Summer 2017) The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION DELUXE FIGURE assortment features a lineup of highly articulated, 5.5-inch-scale figures of fan-favorite AUTOBOT and DECEPTICON characters. One of the latest figures in the PREMIER EDITION DELUXE FIGURE assortment is the AUTOBOT COGMAN.  COGMAN might look like a welcoming butler, but if a DECEPTICON attacks those he protects, the calculating AUTOBOT will strike back with colossal retaliation.  Offering impressive detail inspired by the movie, COGMAN converts from robot mode to sports car mode, Licensed by Aston Martin, in 16 steps.  This PREMIER EDITION DELUXE figure can be positioned in exciting, battle ready poses and features an awesome movie-inspired accessory and removable Titan Master head.  Available at most major retailers and on HasbroToyShop.com. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION DELUXE CLASS MEGATRON AND SKULLITRON (Ages 8 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $19.99/Available: Summer 2017) The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION DELUXE figures are the perfect way for fans to join in the epic TRANSFORMERS action. The latest characters in this scale include MEGATRON and SKULLITRON.  In the explosive TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie, new evil rises in an epic struggle for the fate of Earth and new heroes must rise to forge a future for all.  As MEGATRON leads the DECEPTICONS to wage war on Earth, SKULLITRON charges back into action to uphold his sacred knight’s oath.  These 5.5-inch-scale PREMIER EDITION DELUXE figures can be positioned in exciting, battle ready poses and feature an awesome movie-inspired accessory.  MEGATRON converts between robot and jet modes in 19 steps, and SKULLITRON converts between knight and dragon modes in 17 steps.  MISSION TO CYBERTRON figures feature CYBERTRONIAN glyphs and mission cards that can be deciphered with an online decoder at Transformers.com/MissionToCybertron.  Each figure comes with one accessory. Available exclusively at Toys”R”Us. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION DELUXE CLASS HOT ROD Figure (Ages 8 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $19.99/Available: Summer 2017) Rally alongside the bravest bots in the universe when the Autobots Unite. Autobots Unite figures feature the greatest Autobot heroes from Transformers: The Last Knight movie. This TRANSFORMERS PREMIER EDITION DELUXE HOT ROD figure is articulated with eye-catching detail.  In the explosive TRANSFOMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie, the greatest AUTOBOT heroes unite to protect the freedom of all sentient beings. AUTOBOT HOT ROD doesn’t look back at the battles he’s won, only the feats yet to come. The brash warrior charges full force into a DECEPTICON firefight, eager to encounter his next chance to be a hero and inspire his fellow comrades to join the fight.  This 5.5-inch-scale, movie inspired AUTOBOT HOT ROD converts to Lamborghini Centenario vehicle mode in 14 steps.  Available exclusively at Walmart. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION LEADER CLASS DRAGONSTORM Figure (Ages 8 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $49.99/Available: Summer 2017) In the explosive TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie, new heroes must rise in an epic struggle to forge a future for all. As colossal forces threaten the universe, Knights of CYBERTRON, DRAGONICUS and STORMREIGN, merge to become an even greater one—the mighty, fire-breathing DRAGONSTORM!  The action is now at a bigger scale for fans and collectors alike with the DRAGONSTORM figure, the latest figure from the PREMIER EDITION LEADER CLASS assortment, which stands at a 9-inch-scale with premium detail, intricate articulation and eye-catching packaging. Convert DRAGONICUS from knight to dragon mode in 26 steps. Convert STORMREIGN from knight to dragon mode in 27 steps. Combine DRAGONICUS and STORMREIGN to form the 3-headed DRAGONSTORM figure in five easy steps. Also comes with accessories. Available at most major retailers and on HasbroToyShop.com.  TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION VOYAGER CLASS DECEPTICON NITRO Figure (Ages 8 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $29.99/Available: Summer 2017) In the explosive TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie, new evil will rise in an epic struggle where the fate of Earth hangs in balance. The only way to contain massive power of DECEPTICON NITRO is to lock him away… A tracking specialist and high-risk criminal, the DECEPTICONS turn to NITRO to find their most valuable targets. The lethal hunter scours the globe to trap his prey and turn them over to the clutches of his merciless leader, MEGATRON. Grab a piece of the movie action with the DECEPTICON NITRO figure, the latest figure from the TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT PREMIER EDITION VOYAGER CLASS assortment, which is designed with eye-catching detail and features complex conversions. The DECEPTICON NITRO figure converts from robot to jet mode in 35 steps and comes with awesome weapon accessories. Available at most major retailers and on HasbroToyShop.com.   TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT 1-STEP TURBO CHANGER AUTOBOTS UNITE 2-Figure Pack (Ages 5 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $14.99/Available: Summer 2017) In the exciting TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT film, the greatest AUTOBOT heroes unite to protect the freedom of all sentient beings. BUMBLEBEE and AUTOBOT HOT ROD brave challenges that many bots won’t dare to face. Standing as powerful warriors on their own, they unite to become the brothers in arms. Together, they are an unstoppable force on the battlefield, destined for DECEPTICON domination! In this TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT 1-STEP TURBO CHANGER AUTOBOTS UNITE 2-Figure Pack, BUMBLEBEE and HOT ROD unite! Experience the thrill of quick conversion with these 4.25 inch scale figures that switch modes in one exciting motion. Convert the BUMBLEBEE figure from robot to Chevrolet Camaro vehicle in one step, and convert the HOT ROD figure from robot to sports car in one step! Available exclusively at Walmart.    TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON INFERNOCUS 5-BOT COMBINER Figure (Ages 8 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $34.99/Available: Summer 2017) In TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT, new evil rises in a battle where the fate of Earth hangs in the balance. In the dark depths of the universe, five revolting INFERNOCON demons seethe with fiery strength to protect the mysterious sorceress, QUINTESSA. When threats approach, they combine to form a cindering force of infernal fury—the menacing INFERNOCUS. The MISSION TO CYBERTRON is on with the 5-BOT COMBINER INFERNOCUS Figure, featuring a translucent QUINTESSA figure. The pack features five INFERNOCON figures including SKULK, RUPTURE, INFERNOCON THRASH, GORGE and GLUG. Combine them to form an INFERNOCUS figure, inspired by the character from TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT. MISSION TO CYBERTRON figures feature CYBERTRONIAN glyphs and mission cards that can be deciphered with an online decoder at Transformers.com/MissionToCybertron. The five INFERNOCON figures convert in 4 to 14 steps and also comes with two exciting weapon accessories. Available exclusively at Toys”R”Us.   TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON CONVERTING CYBERTRON PLANET Figure (Ages 8 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $149.99/Available: Summer 2017) The MISSION TO CYBERTRON is on in TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT with this CONVERTING CYBERTRON PLANET Figure. CYBERTRON is a massive, converting planet forged from a mighty and legendary spark. Home to eons of TRANSFORMERS, he rests in planet mode, until combat so colossal erupts that CYBERTRON awakens again… The CYBERTRON PLANET figure is an impressive, 11-inch-scale figure that’s detailed with famous cities of CYBERTRON and converts between robot, attack, defense and planet modes in 18 steps. Activate lights, sounds, and weapon accessories with lock and key included in the pack. The CYBERTRON PLANET figure features glyph deco and cards that can be deciphered with the decoder available online at Transformers.com/MissionToCybertron. Available exclusively at Toys”R”Us. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON DELUXE OPTIMUS PRIME 2-Pack (Ages 8 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $39.99/Available: Summer 2017) To protect Earth and its human inhabitants, OPTIMUS PRIME hides in truck mode until the evil DECEPTICONS attack. On his home planet, he valiantly faces enemies in CYBERTRON truck mode, designed to navigate across the evolving metal planet and protect him from powerful CYBERTRONIAN forces. The MISSION TO CYBERTRON is on in TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT with this DELUXE 2-Pack, including OPTIMUS PRIME and CYBERTRON OPTIMUS PRIME figures. Change the OPTIMUS PRIME figure from robot to truck mode in 12 steps, and convert the CYBERTRON OPTIMUS PRIME figure from robot to CYBERTRONIAN truck mode in 13 steps. Each figure comes with its own awesome weapon accessory. MISSION TO CYBERTRON figures feature glyph deco and cards that can be deciphered with the decoder available online at Transformers.com/MissionToCybertron. Available exclusively at Toys”R”Us.   TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT LEGION CLASS AUTOBOT HOT ROD Figure (Ages 6 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $5.99/Available: Summer 2017) In TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT, the greatest AUTOBOT heroes unite to protect the freedom of all sentient beings. When it comes time for battle, AUTOBOT HOT ROD is the first to charge full force into a DECEPTICON firefight. The brash warrior doesn’t look back on his past feats, only the challenges yet to come. Eager to inspire his fellow comrades to join the fight, AUTOBOT HOT ROD proves time and time again that courage trumps all. Rally alongside the bravest bots in the universe when the AUTOBOTS unite! The LEGION CLASS AUTOBOT HOT ROD Figure is inspired by the fan-favorite character in the TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie. The figure is made with eye-catching detail and stands at a 3-inch scale with classic TRANSFORMERS conversion. Convert this HOT ROD figure between robot and sports car in five easy steps! Available exclusively at Walmart.   TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment (Ages 8 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $9.99/Available: Summer 2017) The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie is an explosive battle featuring new heroes battling in an epic struggle to forge a future for all, and these MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment figures allow kids to unite with some of the powerful warriors from the movie! The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment features a variety of AUTOBOT hero and DECEPTICON villain duos: BUMBLEBEE and AUTOBOT HOT ROD, OPTIMUS PRIME and RAVENSPAR and MEGATRON and BERSERKER. The 3-inch-scale figures feature classic conversion between modes, basic articulation and movie-inspired detail. Each sold separately.  Available exclusively at Walmart. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment (Ages 8 and up/Approx. Retail Price: $11.99/Available: Summer 2017) The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie is an explosive battle featuring new heroes battling in an epic struggle to forge a future for all, and these MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment figures allow kids to unite with some of the powerful warriors from the movie! The TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT MISSION TO CYBERTRON LEGION CLASS 2-Pack Assortment features the AUTOBOT hero and DECEPTICON villain duos: OPTIMUS PRIME and GRIMLOCK and BUMBLEBEE and MEGATRON. The 3-inch-scale figures feature classic conversion between modes, basic articulation and movie-inspired detail.  MISSION TO CYBERTRON figures also feature glyph deco and cards that can be deciphered with the decoder available online at Transformers.com/MissionToCybertron. Each sold separately. Available exclusively at Toys”R”Us. TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT AUTOBOTS UNITE FLIP & CHANGE Figures (Ages 6 years & up/Approx. Retail Price: $19.99/Available: Summer 2017) In the explosive TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT movie, the greatest AUTOBOT heroes unite to protect the freedom of all sentient beings. AUTOBOT HOT ROD is the first to battle, and the last to leave. BUMBLEBEE leads the rally cry for the AUTOBOT brotherhood. Both AUTOBOT leaders take full force into the fight with no questions asked and will stop at nothing to defend the freedom of their fellow AUTOBOTS. Rally alongside the bravest bots in the universe when the AUTOBOTS unite! The AUTOBOTS UNITE FLIP & CHANGE Assortment includes fan-favorite characters from TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT—AUTOBOT HOT ROD and BUMBLEBEE. The figures are designed with eye catching detail and converts in quick, flip and change motions. AUTOBOT HOT ROD and BUMBLEBEE both convert between robot and sports car in two steps. To convert each figure between robot and sports car, swing arms out, flip legs upward and flip torso downward in a quick, 2-step flip and change motion. Each sold separately. Available exclusively at Walmart. (Last Updated June 2, 2017 4:01 pm ) Further Reading Nerd Food: Transformers Roll Out! Transformers Slush From Sonic Two New TV Spots For Transformers: The Last Knight Yet Another 'Transformers: The Last Knight' Trailer Report: Travis Knight To Direct Transformers Bumblebee Spinoff Over 100+ Pictures of New Hasbro Transformers Figures Today In Pop Culture For June 2: Dead Poets Society, Babe Ruth, Honky Tonk Man, Tekken 7, National Donut Day, And More! Nintendo Still On The Fence About Giving You A Virtual Console On The Switch About the Author Latest Posts Contact About Jeremy Konrad Jeremy Konrad loves Star Wars and collecting action figures and collectibles. He also watches wrestling, maybe more than Jude Terror. Follow him on Twitter @jeremyohio Hasbro Has A Slew Of New Transformers: The Last Knight Robots Coming - June 2, 2017 Today In Pop Culture For June 2: Dead Poets Society, Babe Ruth, Honky Tonk Man, Tekken 7, National Donut Day, And More! - June 2, 2017 Hot Toys Spider-Man: Homecoming Cosbaby Figures Are Plentiful And Adorable - June 2, 2017 Diamond Select Brings MARVELOUS Ironheart And Phoenix Statues To SDCC - June 2, 2017 NBA Finals Preview: All The Best Things Come In Three’s - June 1, 2017View All Posts Contact Author Name First Last Email* Your Message Author Name Author Email Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Comments Recently Commented Batman And Death Just Don’t Get Along: Batman Rebirth #1 Review just now X-Men Editor Daniel Ketchum Let Go By Marvel Comics 5m Women-Only Wonder Woman Screening Fulfills Comic Writer’s 80-Year-Old Prediction 24m Halle Berry Catwoman Gets An Honest Trailer 26m Wonder Woman Review: Yes – It’s Really As Good As You’ve Been Hearing 38m JUSTICE LEAGUE Battle For Metropolis Opening At Six Flags Check Out Disneyland’s Newest Marvel Face Characters – Black Widow And Hawkeye Bleeding Cool Magazine Cancelled, But Will Return All-New, Rebirthed, Rebooted… The Latest PlayStation 4 Firmware Update Is Just Maintenance, Nothing More Has Your Rick Grimes San Diego Comic Con 2017 Badge Arrived In Its Special Box? ‘Aquaman’ Will Take Place After ‘Justice League’ Previews Of Secret Empire #3, Secret Empire Uprising #1, Captain America: Sam Wilson #22 With Tiny Spoilerage… ‘Stranger Things’ Millie Bobby Brown Auditioned For X-23 Exclusive Extended Previews – Animal Jam #1 And Vampirella #3 Make Some Bad Decisions In This Trailer For Rough Night comics cosplay tv/film games Forum
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Oil drops on fears of more U.S. drilling after climate deal withdrawal Business Standard Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Reuters  |  WASHINGTON  June 3, 2017 Last Updated at 00:01 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWPo0I ALSO READ U.S. CEOs meet with Trump amid tension over his policies U.S. CEOs meet with Trump amid tension over travel ban, taxes Trump meets retail CEOs who oppose Republican border tax plan Trump meets with retail CEOs to talk taxes, imports White House budget director: unclear if House healthcare bill can pass - ABC By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He is a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belongs to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. However, a spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon would remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision, but suggested in a statement on Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc, Goldman Sachs and General Electric Co. GE's CEO, Jeff Immelt, is on Trump's manufacturing council. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Usa | Climatechange | Ceos | White House | Ibm | Washington | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He is a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belongs to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. However, a spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon would remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision, but suggested in a statement on Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc, Goldman Sachs and General Electric Co. GE's CEO, Jeff Immelt, is on Trump's manufacturing council. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He is a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belongs to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. However, a spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon would remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision, but suggested in a statement on Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc, Goldman Sachs and General Electric Co. GE's CEO, Jeff Immelt, is on Trump's manufacturing council. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsletters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Walmart Just Revealed These Crazy Futuristic Things It's Testing to Pummel Amazon Lindsay Rittenhouse Jun 2, 2017 2:31 PM EDT Walmart (WMT) may soon be no match for Amazon (AMZN) , within the retail space, anyway. "Today, together, we're building a new Walmart," Doug McMillon, Walmart president and CEO, said at the company's annual shareholders meeting on Friday. The grandiose event brought Walmart executives, employees, partners, investors and even celebrities, like singers, songwriters and The Voice hosts Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton, under one roof to discuss the company's recent progress and where it still needs work. Stefani and Shelton, of course, did not participate in company discussions. At the meeting, McMillon revealed some more of the futuristic inventions Walmart is beginning to test at its stores, and it's almost daunting how progressive some of them are. First, Walmart is testing an automated pickup tower at five stores in Arkansas, Detroit, Houston, Atlanta and North Carolina. The tower allows customers, who choose to order something online and have it sent to a store, to pickup their purchase seamlessly, company spokeswoman Anne Hatfield told TheStreet. READ MORE: Walmart Is Loved on Wall Street, But a Deeper Dive Shows the Love Might Stop There Hatfield said the 16-foot tower can hold up to 300 small to mid-size packages and all customers have to do is walk up to it (its doors automatically open when it senses a person approach), use the screen to scan their mobile receipt's bar code and the tower disburses the package. Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart eCommerce U.S., at the company's shareholders meeting. "It's pretty darn cool," Hatfield said. The tower is loaded by employees and is used for packages that generally are around the size of a microwave. For larger items, customers still have to go to the pickup counter to get their package. McMillon also revealed at Friday's meeting that he envisions a Walmart that will eliminate the checkout process altogether. That shift would likely see checkout counters replaced by Scan and Go technology. "We have started to invent the future of shopping again," McMillon said. Plus, Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart eCommerce U.S., reiterated that Walmart is testing same-day shipping at the meeting. He had previously revealed this to TheStreet in an exclusive interview. "I'm looking forward to shaping the future of retail," Lore said. In what seemed to be an obvious jab at Amazon, Lore said Walmart is "empowering our customers to shop smarter" by offering various ways they can get discounts when they shop online and that its own shipping service carries "no membership fee." To get next-day shipping at Amazon, users have to pay for the Prime membership which costs $99 annually. Under Lore's leadership, which came with Walmart's August acquisition of his e-commerce company Jet.com, Walmart saw its online sales spike 63% in the first quarter. On Thursday, Walmart announced that it started testing a new delivery method that uses employees to deliver online purchases to customers' homes. The move expands on the retailer's Pickup Discount, announced in April, which offers customers the option to get a discount on certain items they buy online if they pick it up at a local store. Customers can still take advantage of Walmart's free two-day shipping, of course. Shares of Walmart closed slightly down to $79.62. Click here for the latest business headlines. If you liked this article you might like Canada Goose and Workday Are Killing It, Says Jim Cramer Goose Holdings is scaling higher and Workday has found a way to kick up its revenue growth, Cramer said. Bret Kenwell Jun 2, 2017 6:16 PM EDT 8 Things You Need to Know From Jim Cramer on Lululemon, Alphabet, Broadcom, Canada Goose and More Some markets and investing takeaways from TheStreet's Jim Cramer. Scott Gamm Jun 2, 2017 4:15 PM EDT Walmart Workers to Executives: We Can't Pay Our Bills Employees take the stage to demand transparency at Walmart and protest hitches like low wages and scant advancement. Lindsay Rittenhouse Jun 2, 2017 3:24 PM EDT Future of Walmart Looks Like It Will Include Making Life Hell for Hated Rival Amazon Game on for Walmart. Brian Sozzi Jun 2, 2017 3:09 PM EDT Trending Walmart Just Revealed These Crazy Futuristic Things It's Testing to Pummel Amazon Walmart Workers to Executives: We Can't Pay Our Bills Why Facebook, Amazon and Netflix Could Soar At Least 40%, Says Analyst FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal Hewlett Packard Enterprises Feels the Heat, While Apple Feels the Love: ICYMI Friday Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
jezebel Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video TWSS The Muse Pictorial The Slot Dirt Bag Shade Court barf bag Walmart Accused of Punishing Workers for Sick Days, Miscarriages, and Pregnancy Hazel CillsYesterday 11:40am Filed to: Walmart Pregnancy Discrimination 175 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image via Getty A new report from the workers advocacy group A Better Balance alleges that Walmart consistently punishes employees for taking sick days, even if they have proper documentation from doctors. According to the New York Times, A Better Balance has reportedly filed a complaint and a lawsuit against Walmart claiming that the company discriminates against pregnant workers and is violating the Disabilities Act and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, both of which were disputed by the company. In a NYT interview the cashier Katie Orzehowski, who works at a Walmart in North Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, recounted trying to excuse missed shifts due to a miscarriage last fall using doctors’ notes and hospital records with no success. She had to go back to work out of fear of being fired, even though she was still bleeding. Advertisement According to Orzehowski, managers and supervisors “straight up tell you, ‘we don’t accept excuses,’” even though Walmart has written guidelines for how employers should respond to medical absences. According to the New York Times Walmart has not reviewed the report, which includes a survey of over 1,000 employees, but disputes the claims. “We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them” a spokesman for Walmart Randy Hargrove told the newspaper. This is far from the first time that Walmart has been criticized and sued for mistreating employees. In 2001 the company was sued for sexual discrimination. In 2012 Walmart was fined by the Labor Department for denying workers overtime and the company was sued in 2015 for the same reason. The company has also been accused of wage theft several times. Recommended Stories How ModCloth Strayed From Its Feminist Beginnings and Ended Up a Walmart Property Wal-Mart to Close 154 U.S. Stores, Impacting Roughly 10,000 Workers Wal-Mart Women's Fight Is Far From Over Hazel Cills hazel.cills@jezebel.com @hazelcills Pop Culture Reporter, Jezebel You may also like The Root White Habitual Line-Stepper Bill Maher Calls Himself ‘House Nigger’ On Live TV Yesterday 11:51pm Kotaku This Weekend, Two Of The UFC's Best Fight To Escape From Conor McGregor's Shadow Yesterday 10:15pm Kotaku Switch's Netflix-Like Classic Game Service Is A Rare Example Of Nintendo Listening Yesterday 3:00pm Recent from Hazel Cills 6 95 23.9K Jezebel · Hazel Cills After Will.i.am Calls Her a 'Featured Female,' Fergie Says She Hasn't Actually Left the Black Eyed Peas Yesterday 5:30pm 9 9.5K Pictorial · Hazel Cills Hear from the Granddaughter of a Real-Life Inspiration for Wonder Woman Yesterday 3:35pm 6 208 7.6K Jezebel · Hazel Cills Food Blogger Sues Food Network Over Viral Cupcake Video Thursday 6:05pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Jezebel Store Redirecting to the Jezebel store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Trace Pickering, pioneer in learner-centered education, to keynote K-12 education track LEARN MORE Most Popular Most Recent Iowa knocks off top-seeded Houston in NCAA regional opener, 6-3 Cedar Rapids casino backers lend private plane, host fundraiser for Reynolds Loebsack: Allow Iowans to use D.C.’s ACA insurance option Brothers to retire from Iowa National Guard after ‘remarkable’ careers Neisius wins Big 8 Series race at Hawkeye Downs as Adrian, Willett tangle Champions crowned in 1A and 2A at girls’ tennis state tournament Iowa knocks off top-seeded Houston in NCAA regional opener, 6-3 Neisius wins Big 8 Series race at Hawkeye Downs as Adrian, Willett tangle Cedar Rapids Titans unite through disappointing season Josh Strauss, Connor Van Scoyoc toss gems as Linn-Mar, Jefferson split Wal-Mart asks employees do deliveries on their way home They will be paid extra for the trips Video Photo A Wal-Mart Stores Inc company distribution center in Bentonville, Arkansas June 6, 2013. The annual shareholders meeting for Walmart takes place June 7, 2013. REUTERS/Rick Wilking Washington Post Jun 1, 2017 at 8:13 pm | Print View Walmart’s newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The idea, Wal-Mart executives said Thursday, is to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers’ homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfillment process. “It just makes sense. We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart’s e-commerce business and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post Thursday afternoon. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.” The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores — two in New Jersey, one in northwest Arkansas — but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Employees will be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. “Wal-Mart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart store. “There is really strong overlap between where are associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles NY prosecutor says Exxon's climate chang ... Could Trump use executive privilege to b ... Chains hinder by others selling perceive ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
About US Contact US Registration Friday June 2nd, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Walmart Announces 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  June 3, 2017  /  Comments Off on Walmart Announces 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results       Print       Email MIL OSI Global Economy – Source: Walmart Headline: Walmart Announces 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., June 2, 2017 – Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) today announced shareholder voting results for its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Approximately 92.7 percent of all outstanding shares were present or represented by proxy at the meeting. The company reported that shareholders approved the election of each of Walmart’s 11 director nominees. Each director nominee received affirmative votes from approximately 94 percent or more of the shares voted, excluding abstentions and broker non-votes, as follows (all percentages are rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1 percent):Director Nominee For Against James I. Cash, Jr. 98.95% 1.05% Timothy P. Flynn 99.40% 0.60% Carla A. Harris 98.17% 1.83% Thomas W. Horton 99.40% 0.60% Marissa A. Mayer 94.31% 5.69% C. Douglas McMillon 99.27% 0.73% Gregory B. Penner 97.16% 2.84% Steven S Reinemund 94.44% 5.56% Kevin Y. Systrom 94.45% 5.55% S. Robson Walton 94.43% 5.57% Steuart L. Walton 97.48% 2.52% Shareholders voted on a non-binding advisory resolution to establish the frequency of future advisory shareholder votes to approve the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers, with approximately 98.74 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting to hold such future advisory votes annually. The Board of Directors had recommended a frequency of one year. Shareholders voted to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers described in Walmart’s 2017 proxy statement, with approximately 83.14 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting in favor of this proposal. The Board of Directors had recommended a vote for this proposal.Shareholders also ratified the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Walmart’s independent accountants, with affirmative votes from approximately 99.23 percent of the shares that were present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote.The Board of Directors had recommended a vote against each of the four shareholder proposals, and each proposal failed to receive affirmative votes from a majority of the total shares that were represented at the meeting and entitled to vote and, accordingly, they did not pass. The approximate percentages of the shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting that were voted in favor of each of the four shareholder proposals are as follows:Request to adopt an independent chairman policy: approximately 15.15 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote.Shareholder proxy access: the proposal was not formally presented at the meeting. However, the company received proxies representing approximately 26.24 percent of the shares in support of this proposal.Request for independent director with environmental expertise: approximately 2.13 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote.Request for annual reporting of additional demographic information about full- and part-time associates in the U.S.: less than 0.01 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote.The official voting results for each item voted on by shareholders will be disclosed in a report to be filed next week with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About WalmartWal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart.     Print       Email Published: 4 hours ago on June 3, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: June 3, 2017 @ 7:44 am Filed Under: Business, Commerce, Consumer Goods, Economics, English, Fiscal Updates, Global Economy, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, Walmart NEXT ARTICLE → Public Debt Management Forum Confronts the Changes, Innovations and Future Challenges in Sovereign Markets ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Feinstein Statement on Intelligence Chairman Demanding Return of Torture Report Copies About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts École Allain St-Cyr expansion begins with ground-breaking ceremony Secretary-General’s Special Representative Delivers Final Security Council Briefing as United Nations Mission in Côte d’Ivoire Prepares to Draw Down UN Security Council adds individuals and groups to DPR Korea sanctions list In final Security Council briefing, UN envoy hails Ivoirians for turning page on conflict to a peaceful future 2017 Vandalia Gathering Contest Winners Announced © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Saturday, June 03, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Home Politics SP leader Gayatri Prajapati, six others chargesheeted for raping corporator, molesting minor girl Congress says linking dynasty politics with Gandhis has lost its logic Congress sticks to caste algebra, ignores voter chemistry in Karnataka: Is Rahul Gandhi set for political harakiri? Rahul Gandhi's dynasty politics salvo backfires, K Chandraeskhar Rao's son calls it 'joke of the millenium' Maharashtra farmers' strike: Shiv Sena attacks Devendra Fadnavis, says it's time to take action Kapil Mishra issues fresh allegations against AAP, says Delhi govt installed fake CNG kits Sports Champions Trophy 2017: From Babar Azam to Imad Wasim, a look at Pakistan's young Turks India vs Pakistan: People’s prediction shot on the OPPO F3 dual selfie camera French Open 2017: Andy Murray faces stern Juan Martin del Potro test, Simona Halep takes on Daria Kasatkina Champions Trophy 2017: Steven Smith expects his bowling attack to perform 'better' in upcoming games Champions Trophy 2017: Indian pacers' relative superiority can prove decisive against Pakistan Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch South Africa vs Sri Lanka , coverage on TV and live streaming India Adesh Kumar Tyagi, Indian-origin former CEO of Systems America, charged with fraud Meghalaya chief minister writes to Tripura counterpart, urges unity against new cattle trade law Bhanwari Devi murder case: Woman absconding for six years arrested from Madhya Pradesh CBSE Board Class 10 Result 2017 LIVE: Grades to be declared shortly on cbse.nic.in, cbseresults.nic.in Is India finally ready to see women in military combat? Excuses won't hold for long As EC's hackathon gets underway, Uttarakhand HC issues order prohibiting criticism of EVMs World Donald Trump nominates financier Richard Spencer as Navy Secretary Japanese company releases 'false groping accusation benefit' for men to fight sex-pest claims US-led fight against Islamic state claimed 484 civilian lives in Iraq and Syria, says Pentagon Narendra Modi meets UN chief Antonio Guterres, stresses on multilateralism to combat terrorism Narendra Modi in Russia: After OBOR boycott, routine agreements don't portend well for New Delhi Germany's biggest music festival interrupted due to potential terror threat Business GST Council to fix tax rate on gold and other commodities today; jewellers on toes Reliance Communications gets 7-month extension to service its debt Air India stake sale will be 'very, very difficult' says Arvind Panagariya World Environment Day: Go green with these 5 eco-friendly tech products Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh seeks Japanese investment in the state Farmers strike in Maharashtra: Vegetable, milk prices soar 50%; vendors give produce free to villagers Entertainment Katrina Kaif's career turnaround? Jagga Jasoos actor joins Salman Khan's talent management company Sairat remake in Hindi: Jhanvi Kapoor and Ishaan Khattar to play lead roles? Pakeezah actress Geeta Kapoor's case, while heartbreaking, is not an isolated one Ranbir Kapoor's Sanjay Dutt biopic fetches record price, will release on 30 March 2018 Spyder actress Rakul Preet Singh on working with Mahesh Babu, AR Murugadoss Tusshar Kapoor's son Laksshya's first birthday: See photos of the celebrations Photos Videos F.Shows TECH2 CT 2017 FAKING NEWS Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt | Reuters Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt | Reuters FwireReutersJun, 03 2017 01:45:04 IST #Reuters By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) and IBM Corp (IBM.N), on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord.Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies.Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry.Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move."Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council.Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets.Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, said he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council.A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council.McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions."IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said.Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said.Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), criticized Trump's decision, but suggested in a statement on Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said.PepsiCo Inc (PEP.N) Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc (FB.O), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), Goldman Sachs (GS.N) and General Electric Co (GE.N). GE's CEO, Jeff Immelt, is on Trump's manufacturing council.AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people."Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption."The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment.""If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP (BX.N). Blackrock Inc (BLK.N) Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co (GM.N) said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's (F.N) new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Jun 03, 2017 01:45 am | Updated Date: Jun 03, 2017 01:45 am Also See India offers tax concessions to Apple to expand production - official | Reuters Special Report: As Modi and his Hindu base rise, so too does yoga tycoon Baba Ramdev | Reuters Islamic State claims responsibility for Manchester arena attack | Reuters India says it attacked Pakistan army posts in divided Kashmir | Reuters Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 3 SL Vs SA 2 Jun 4 IND Vs PAK 3 Jun 5 AUS Vs BAN 4 Jun 6 ENG Vs NZ 5 Jun 7 PAK Vs SA Full Schedule Top Stories Victoria & Abdul: The story of the unlikely friendship between a queen and her munshi EVM Challenge Live: EC Event Underway, AAP Hackathon Runs Parallel NIA raids 22 locations of separatists in Kashmir and Delhi over alleged Pakistan funding Champions Trophy 2017: Virat Kohli's challenge is to carry forward MS Dhoni's ICC tournament legacy Are you a salaried employee or a consultant. Find out about your tax benefits US pulls out of Paris Agreement on climate change: Here's why Donald Trump's brain fade will have no immediate impact As EC's hackathon gets underway, Uttarakhand HC issues order prohibiting criticism of EVMs Baywatch movie review: Priyanka Chopra is weighed down by this film's sheer ineptitude Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 6 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs NZ Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs BAN England beat Bangladesh by 8 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs BAN India beat Bangladesh by 240 runs ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 NZ Vs SL New Zealand beat Sri Lanka by 6 wickets South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA South Africa beat England by 7 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs NZ India beat New Zealand by 45 runs (D/L method) South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA England beat South Africa by 2 runs ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 BAN Vs PAK Pakistan beat Bangladesh by 2 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL vs SA - Jun 3rd, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 4th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs PAK - Jun 4th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS vs BAN - Jun 5th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 6th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs NZ - Jun 6th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK vs SA - Jun 7th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs SL - Jun 8th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jun 9th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 10th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Sat Jun 3, 2017 | 8:31am IST Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump announces his decision that the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., June 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News SEBI sets up panel to improve corporate governance MUMBAI Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has set up a committee to help improve corporate governance of listed companies, it said on Friday, in the light of recent high-profile corporate tussles. Wall St sees Fed on track for rate hike in June despite tepid May jobs data: Reuters poll NEW YORK Wall Street's top banks are united in the belief the Federal Reserve will raise U.S. interest rates when it meets in two weeks' time, but recent choppy data on the U.S. economy has created a division of opinion about what happens after that, a Reuters poll showed on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Amid Trump climate turmoil, France to push stability in India talks Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Announces 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., June 2, 2017 – Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) today announced shareholder voting results for its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Approximately 92.7 percent of all outstanding shares were present or represented by proxy at the meeting. The company reported that shareholders approved the election of each of Walmart’s 11 director nominees. Each director nominee received affirmative votes from approximately 94 percent or more of the shares voted, excluding abstentions and broker non-votes, as follows (all percentages are rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1 percent): Director Nominee For Against James I. Cash, Jr. 98.95% 1.05% Timothy P. Flynn 99.40% 0.60% Carla A. Harris 98.17% 1.83% Thomas W. Horton 99.40% 0.60% Marissa A. Mayer 94.31% 5.69% C. Douglas McMillon 99.27% 0.73% Gregory B. Penner 97.16% 2.84% Steven S Reinemund 94.44% 5.56% Kevin Y. Systrom 94.45% 5.55% S. Robson Walton 94.43% 5.57% Steuart L. Walton 97.48% 2.52% Shareholders voted on a non-binding advisory resolution to establish the frequency of future advisory shareholder votes to approve the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers, with approximately 98.74 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting to hold such future advisory votes annually. The Board of Directors had recommended a frequency of one year. Shareholders voted to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers described in Walmart’s 2017 proxy statement, with approximately 83.14 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting in favor of this proposal. The Board of Directors had recommended a vote for this proposal. Shareholders also ratified the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Walmart’s independent accountants, with affirmative votes from approximately 99.23 percent of the shares that were present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. The Board of Directors had recommended a vote against each of the four shareholder proposals, and each proposal failed to receive affirmative votes from a majority of the total shares that were represented at the meeting and entitled to vote and, accordingly, they did not pass. The approximate percentages of the shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting that were voted in favor of each of the four shareholder proposals are as follows: Request to adopt an independent chairman policy: approximately 15.15 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. Shareholder proxy access: the proposal was not formally presented at the meeting. However, the company received proxies representing approximately 26.24 percent of the shares in support of this proposal. Request for independent director with environmental expertise: approximately 2.13 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. Request for annual reporting of additional demographic information about full- and part-time associates in the U.S.: less than 0.01 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. The official voting results for each item voted on by shareholders will be disclosed in a report to be filed next week with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Navigation Satellite System Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2021 Next PostNext Medical Dialysis Devices Market Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Search Recent Posts Robert Lee Ahn Calls for Congressional Action to Preserve Net Neutrality Rules to Bolster Online Economy World Fracking Fluid and Chemicals Market 2017-2021 booming at 9.9% CAGR Share, Opportunities, Challenges, Segmentation, Vendor Landscape and Forecast NNSA Awards Nevada National Security Site Protective Force Contract to SOC World Laboratory Information Management System Market 2017-2021 booming at 8.94% CAGR Share, Opportunities, Challenges, Segmentation, Vendor Landscape and Forecast Global Automotive High Performance Brake System Market Growth with 16.66% CAGR by 2021 – Report Includes (Five Forces Analysis, Manufacturers, Growth, Drivers, Opportunities, Challenges) Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments1 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Gwen Stefani, Blake Shelton, and calls for better pay: Inside Walmart’s annual shareholder meeting The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Abha Bhattarai By Abha Bhattarai June 2 at 5:15 PM Follow @abhabhattarai Gwen Stefani performs during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. — Just after 8 a.m., a woman descends from the ceiling at the Bud Walton Arena, 30 miles from Walmart’s headquarters. Gwen Stefani appears onstage and introduces the day’s host, country singer Blake Shelton. “This reminds me of my Shelton family reunions,” he tells the roaring crowd. “Except they don’t ever start at the crack of dawn.” And so begins the dizzying three-hour affair that is Walmart’s annual shareholder meeting. In between performances by Stefani, Mary J. Blige, Ne-Yo and Rachel Platten, company executives take care of less glamorous matters — votes on executive compensation, corporate board nominations and a measure to bring more transparency to the makeup of the part-time workforce. An estimated 14,000 Walmart employees and shareholders are in the crowd, waving flags from 28 countries and chanting “Walmart, Walmart! Sam’s Club, Sam’s Club!” In between performances, Walmart executives continued to emphasize the need to move online to compete with Amazon.com, which executives referred to as “that other website.” They highlighted recent investments in training and technology and talked about the importance of cutting costs while increasing sales. Each 1-percent decrease in expenses amounts to a $1 billion savings for the company, Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs (introduced by Shelton as “the pharaoh of finance”) told shareholders. In recent years, Walmart has expanded its online inventory and has begun offering free two-day shipping on orders over $35. It has also found ways to keep its 4,600 stores relevant, by offering discounts to customers who pick up online orders in person. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, the founder of Amazon.com, owns The Washington Post.) “The advantage that we have is that we’re really building an omnichannel business, and customers in their lives want to shop in lots of different ways,” Doug McMillon, Walmart’s chief executive, told reporters Friday. “In a lot of the country and a lot of the world, people will stop in stores, online, they’ll pick up and order depending on what they want that moment. Our plan is to use all of our assets to win — and I think that’s an advantage.” Walmart CEO Doug McMillon speaks during the Walmart shareholders meeting Friday, June 2, 2017, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Ark. (Jason Ivester/The Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP) Earlier in the week, the company announced it is enlisting employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The effort, meant to cut costs by eliminating third-party delivery services, is being tested in three U.S. stores. [Walmart is asking employees to deliver packages on their way home from work] “Technology is driving enormous change in retail, and the competition is very fierce,” Greg Foran, president and chief executive of Walmart U.S., said Friday. “But we have an advantage that no one else has: all of you, our associates.” But some employees were less concerned about the future than the present. A handful of shareholders and Walmart workers presented proposals at the meeting, calling on the company to treat its workers better by offering higher wages, improved benefits and more predictable schedules. “An unfair leave policy, reduced hours and low pay make it difficult for most of us to pay our bills and take care of our families,” said Carolyn Davis, who works at a Walmart store in Outer Banks, N.C., and was representing the activist group Organization United for Respect Walmart. “Walmart can, and should, live up to the promises it makes: letting us take care of our children when they are sick, and accepting our doctor’s notes.” Janie Grice, an employee from Marion, S.C., asked the company to offer more information on gender and racial information on the company’s part- and full-time workers. “Too many of us are still part-time,” she said. “Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently, we can’t plan our lives or line up a second job. Too many of us still can’t pay our bills.” Walmart executives, for their part, touted the company’s investments in training and wages for employees. Earlier this year, the company said it would raise its hourly minimum wage to $10 for most workers. “With respect to our associates, the $2.7 billion investment in training, education and wages — that really happened. That’s real,” said Jeff Gearhart, Walmart’s general counsel. “We’re also investing in technology to make our associates’ jobs easier and to help them serve our customers better.” Last year, he added, Walmart offered 150,000 part-time workers full-time positions and promoted 200,000 of its 1.2 million U.S. employees to higher-ranking jobs. Throughout the meeting, there were slides and videos highlighting company successes: a 30 percent year-over-year increase in the company’s share price, annual revenue of $486 billion, and an employee from Las Cruces, N.M., who sold 800 packages of Utz Cheese Balls in April, up from 33 a year ago. [Walmart is preparing to take on Amazon. But first, parachuting M&M’s.] Later, Gearhart returned to the stage to announce the outcome of the shareholders’ votes. Walmart got its way: All 11 nominees to its corporate board — including Walmart chief executive Doug McMillon, former Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer and at least two members of the Walton family — were elected (or reelected) by a majority vote. Shareholders also approved pay packages for Walmart executives, including McMillon, who last year received $22.4 million, and Marc Lore, the company’s head of e-commerce, who was paid $236.9 million last year — or $4.6 million per week. (For comparison’s sake, it would take an entry-level worker who makes $10 an hour nearly 220 years to make as much as Lore does in one week.) None of the proposals set forth by shareholders — including one that would have required the board chairman to be “independent of management,” and another that asked for transparency on the gender and racial makeup of part-time workers — were passed. Moments later, Stefani took to the stage again — this time, backup dancers in tow. She sang two songs, including a profanity-free version of “Hollaback Girl.” “Walmart! Sam’s Club!,” she shouted from the stage, midway through “Hella Good.” “This is our situation right now: I need to see every single one of you here jumping with me.” The crowd went wild. Read more: Flashlight Sneakers: The ‘huge trend’ Walmart is betting on Meet Marriott’s longest-standing employee: A 79-year-old omelet-maker business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 1 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Abha Bhattarai is a business reporter for The Washington Post. She has previously written for The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Reuters and the St. Petersburg Times. Follow @abhabhattarai 1 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Walmart is asking employees to deliver packages on their way home from work 2 Like ‘champagne bottles being opened’: Scientists document an ancient Arctic methane explosion 3 These titans of industry just broke with Trump’s decision to exit the Paris accords 4 The big missteps that brought an American retail icon to the edge of collapse 5 How a Supreme Court ruling on printer cartridges changes what it means to buy almost anything The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.29% NASDAQ 0.94% Get quote Last Update: 4:44 PM 06/02/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12386682 Home 12386742 News County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Skyvision Consumer Action Button Links Download News App Black History Month 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD Interactive Radar First Alert Wx App Hurricane Center Eclipse 2017 Sky Cams Talking the Tropics Hour by Hour 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Buresh Blog Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic First Alert Traffic Twitter Gas Prices 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries What's On WJAX-TV Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Super Bowl NHRA Gatornationals Contest Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Adopt A Nest Jazz Festival Take Steps Walk March for Babies 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida 506187273 Daytona Contest 506187279 NHRA Gatornationals Contest More Sign up for Action News Jax Newsletters Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. Walmart asking employees to deliver online orders by: Jared Leone, Cox Media Group National Content Desk Updated: Jun 2, 2017 - 2:57 PM An army of Walmart associates delivering online orders on their way home from work is the latest effort from the world’s largest retailer to speed shipments to customers to combat drone shipping and compete with online retailers like Amazon. The program is being tested at locations in Arkansas and New Jersey. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” wrote Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart’s e-commerce business. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.” >> Read more trending news The program is voluntary for employees, and Walmart pays them for the deliveries. Walmart did not share the pay structure in its blog post Thursday about the program.  “Associates are fully in control of their experience,” Lore wrote. “If they don’t want to participate, they don’t have to. If they choose to opt in, we’ve built technology that allows them to set preferences. Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work – it’s completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time.” The company is trying to leverage its largest assets including, 4,700 stores close to population centers and thousands of employees.  The effort comes as the retail giant looks to expand its online sales and compete with Amazon, which is experimenting with different delivery methods, including using drone technology.  A Walmart sign. (Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images) © 2017 Cox Media Group. Walmart asking employees to deliver online orders WATCH: Bat boy interferes with Mets infielder Teens that missed prom due to accident get second chance to dance Country singer Brad Paisley performs at high school graduation Ariana Grande visits Manchester bombing victims in hospital News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Catch up on stories from the past week (and beyond) at the Slashdot story archive   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror DEAL: For $25 - Add A Second Phone Number To Your Smartphone for life! Use promo code SLASHDOT25. Also, Slashdot's now on IFTTT. Check it out! Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 Internet speed test! × 91509711 story Hundreds of Walmart Employees Say They've Been Punished For Taking Sick Days (vice.com) 183 Posted by msmash on Friday June 02, 2017 @03:25PM from the ugly-side dept. A new report from the workers advocacy group A Better Balance alleges that Walmart consistently punishes employees for taking sick days, even if they have proper documentation from doctors. From a report: A Better Balance interviewed and surveyed more than 1,000 Walmart workers about the company's absence control program -- which awards disciplinary "points" for absences regardless of reason -- and found the retail giant to be in violation of multiple laws. "Giving a worker a disciplinary 'point' for being absent due to a disability or for taking care of themselves or a loved one with a serious medical condition is not only unfair," the report reads, "in many instances, it runs afoul of federal, state, and local laws." Walmart spokesman Randy Hargrove told the Times that the allegations are false, and that the company "understand[s] that associates may have to miss work on occasion," and that they "have processes in place to assist them." The report's worker testimonials say differently. "I came down with a stomach flu and I had to call in due to vomiting and high fever and got a point cause of being sick," recalls an Illinois employee named Veronica. "I hate the fact we got to worry about getting fired cause we caught the flu." amazon business money ← You may like to read: → Denmark Is Killing Tesla and Other Electric Cars Donald Trump Wins US Presidency Garmin Engineer Shot And Killed By Man Yelling 'Get Out Of My Country!' Trump Announces US Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord Universal Basic Income Programs Arrive Russia Unveils 'Satan 2' Missile Powerful Enough To 'Wipe Out UK, France Or Texas' VR Sports? It Can Be a Billion Dollar Business, Says Intel CEO Hundreds of Walmart Employees Say They've Been Punished For Taking Sick Days More | Reply Login Hundreds of Walmart Employees Say They've Been Punished For Taking Sick Days Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 183 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. employees or associates? (Score:4, Interesting) by myowntrueself ( 607117 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @03:27PM (#54537505) There seems to be an inconsistency, on the one hand they are employees and on the other they are associates. Which is it really? Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2, Interesting) by Anonymous Coward writes: They are employees, Wal-Mart uses the term associates to make themselves seem friendlier and that workers are a big "team" Re: (Score:3, Interesting) by Anonymous Coward writes: "Associate" is just the friendly way to refer to your employees in front of your customers or in other PR situations. Re: (Score:2) by mrclevesque ( 1413593 ) writes: "Associate" is just the friendly way to refer to your employees in front of ... " It is also demeaning for the employee to be used as a marketing gimmick. Re: (Score:2) by dbIII ( 701233 ) writes: That's probably part of the point. Talk to some HR people at a large company for a while and you'll see how well "fresh meat" would fit into their conversation instead of the buzzword of the day. It was especially annoying dealing with their attitude a bit over twenty years ago at a site where there were a few employee deaths every year. They don't see employees as human. The worst would even see slavery as a good idea and it's only the legal system that holds them back. Re: (Score:2) by taustin ( 171655 ) writes: Colleague implies a degree of equality in status. The hourly grunts on the sales floor are not equal to anyone who calls them associates. Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: It is one of those stupid gimmicks companies come up with because it costs nothing, and virtue signals that you respect your employees and consider them to be your equals, and not just disposable, interchangeable human "resources" to be mined. Be very wary when you see such empty gestures. Re: (Score:2) by Cryacin ( 657549 ) writes: I'm very glad i don't have to associate myself with Wallmart. Re: (Score:2) by stephanruby ( 542433 ) writes: In the case of Amazon, the term associate is preferred because some of their workers are contractors hired by a third party temporary agency. But I do not know if this is the case here. Re: (Score:3) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: They're associated by employment. Re: (Score:2, Funny) by Anonymous Coward writes: Calling them peasants turned out to be bad for optics, so they're still workshopping titles to see what will make the wage slaves feel empowered. Re: (Score:2) by Xenx ( 2211586 ) writes: Wouldn't making them feel empowered be the opposite of what they would want? That could incite a slave uprising... or at least a belief they could apply for a better job. Re: (Score:2) by barc0001 ( 173002 ) writes: > on the one hand they are employees and on the other they are associates. Which is it really? Whatever definition is most beneficial to Walmart at that particular moment. Re: (Score:3) by emaname ( 1014225 ) writes: They're "consumables." Re: (Score:2) by taustin ( 171655 ) writes: It is common to the point of being nearly universal in retail that hourly employees who work on the sales floor are called "associates." This is normal for any day that ends in "y." Re: employees or associates? (Score:2) by LifesABeach ( 234436 ) writes: Isn't working for Walmart enough punishment? Capitalism at its finest (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Those with bootstraps don't get sick, you should all learn from them! Re: (Score:3, Insightful) by Nidi62 ( 1525137 ) writes: Use the bodies of your dead and sick coworkers as a ladder to climb your way to success! Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: "AS a side note, I once worked at a small business where we didn't have sick days or vacation. We got 10 days off "for whatever" a year." Not a surprise at a small business. Where I live, there are random IT jobs posted from time to time at a medium-sized systems integrator. Everyone with any experience whatsoever avoids them like the plague, because they're run by a bunch of tyrannical ill-tempered small business owners. Whenever I interview someone with "company X" on their resume, we share Company X stori Re: (Score:2) by Hognoxious ( 631665 ) writes: Everyone who wasn't in the owner's immediate family was treated like hired help [...] Type A insane entrepreneur catching a break [...] Company X has a retirement plan, but the owner is also a real estate investor and the only investment option is his land-buying scheme. You're not fooling anyone with this "Company X" malarkey. We can all see it's the USA. Is this really new? (Score:1, Flamebait) by volodymyrbiryuk ( 4780959 ) writes: Walmart treats employees like shit...I'm deeply shocked. Re: (Score:2) by AK Marc ( 707885 ) writes: The wording indicates it's a violation of law. If no-call-no-shows are allowed under federal, state, and local laws, then that's an issue for your legislators, not calling on WalMart to punish them in violation of the law. Re: (Score:2) by AK Marc ( 707885 ) writes: The details of the wording usually allow a no-show by reason of incapacity to be considered "with notice" if notice is given as soon as practical. At least it's been worded that way in my employment contracts, which haven't included employment at WalMart, and I didn't read them with detail when I was a teen. Advocacy groups say shit (Score:2, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: It means that maybe someone should investigate to see if it's true. Let us know when it's more than an agenda-driven allegation. Thanks. Oh.. (Score:1) by pdfsmail ( 2423750 ) writes: That explains why I get sick when I go to Walmart. Having sick employees around the food and products I buy.. I am gonna have a bad time... Re: (Score:2) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: Why the fuck would you buy food from Walmart, unless it comes in a can or factory packaging? Why the fuck would you eat anything that Wal-mart sells, no matter what packaging it comes in? That should be an immediate disqualifier, even if you're in some other store. You know, "That looks good, but they sell it at Wal-mart, so it must not actually be food." having worked there its all true (Score:5, Informative) by luther349 ( 645380 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @03:48PM (#54537673) they will point you no matter the reason then if they dont like you they will try to add on points for no reason i rember in my entire stay there i missed 1 day and they tried to say i had 6 points. they also play favrets to people who kiss there ass vs those that do not. just me if that company can brake a labor law they do. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3, Funny) by Anonymous Coward writes: they will point you no matter the reason then if they dont like you they will try to add on points for no reason i rember in my entire stay there i missed 1 day and they tried to say i had 6 points. they also play favrets to people who kiss there ass vs those that do not. just me if that company can brake a labor law they do. Thank goodness they don't have any pesky screening restrictions around spelling and grammar... Re: (Score:2, Interesting) by Anonymous Coward writes: My son worked at WalMart, was hit by a car on way home. He was not very injured, but had 1 week of rest, then 1 week of light duty. They would not honor the dr's orders, wanted the dr to call HR. (try and get an ER dr to do that). So after the week of rest (as his points ticked away) he was fired. Walmart is scum (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Walmart is scum. News at 11. Unfortunately the masses of Trump voters are too desperate to put food on their tables and cannot vote with their feet to move to a "better" job, despite the incredibly low bar Wallmart presents, and they are religiously committed to hating unions, so will not organize or offer any other form of self-defense or even resistance. Fodder is the word that comes to mind. Those sick days are for the terminally ill (Score:2) by jlowery ( 47102 ) writes: It says so right above the non-compete clause Re: (Score:2) by techno-vampire ( 666512 ) writes: That shouldn't prevent anybody from being allowed to use them. Life itself is a terminal condition. Re: (Score:2) by Hydrian ( 183536 ) writes: That's a pre-existing condition! Points? (Score:1) by holophrastic ( 221104 ) writes: Points don't sound like penalties. How many points until there's an effect? If it's a hundred points, then that makes a lot of sense. On a separate note, as an entrepreneur, I don't get paid when I don't work. You know what sucks even more than not earning money when I'm sick? Paying an employee, who's home sick, while I'm also home sick not getting paid a dime. Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: You cannot penalize people for taking time off because they're sick, the end, period, full stop. We can all empathize with the situation where someone's sick and you, as a small business -- small in the sense that we non-politicians think of as small business -- may be struggling as it is. However, we have to be sure we don't start romanticizing the gilded age, where people were considered little more than livestock. At least some studies have suggested that paid sick leave ends up costing employers less ove Re: (Score:3) by Travelsonic ( 870859 ) writes: Your arguments are worth nothing if you won't put your name to them. Your arguments are worth nothing if they fail to use some sort of basic reasoning. (hint: Not putting a name to something in of itself doesn't affect the quality or lack thereof of an argument.) Re: (Score:2) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: Just because the article doesn't mention one doesn't mean there isn't one. Unless you've got a copy of the employment contract, why not assume the complaint is valid? Re:Points? (Score:4, Informative) by GrumpySteen ( 1250194 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @05:23PM (#54538489) Being fired isn't a penalty? Because the article mentions being fired for having too many points. But hey, since you want more details, here's how Wal-Mart's point system works (or worked about a year ago when I was dating a woman who worked for them): If you call in at least an hour in advance...     working less than half a shift is a 1 point.     working less than a full shift but more than half is 1/2 point. If you don't call in at least an hour in advance, being absent is 4 points. For the first 6 months, employees are fired if they gain 4 points. After 6 months, they're fired at 9 points in any 6 month rolling period. Even before you reach the 4/9 point limit, however, they can assign you "coaching", which is basically a disciplinary writeup by another name. It stays in your record and can be used to justify reducing your hours, denying raises, denying promotions, etc. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: So, your driver's licence, birth certificate and credit cards all say "holophrastic". Didn't think so. Re:Points? (Score:5, Informative) by Skuld-Chan ( 302449 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:24PM (#54538001) I worked at Stream International (outsourcing call center) about 10 years ago and you got 8 points. At 0 points they fired you. You lost points for being late, leaving early - stuff like that. 1 point per sick day - unless you had a doctors note, but 10 bucks an hour you didn't have health insurance so typically you worked sick, and you only visited the doctor if you were on deaths door. Even after they had a tuberculosis outbreak (no I'm not kidding - the CDC got involved and required everyone to be screened) they didn't abandon this system. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by barc0001 ( 173002 ) writes: > Even after they had a tuberculosis outbreak (no I'm not kidding - the CDC got involved and required everyone to be screened) they didn't abandon this system. Sounds to me like that's some labor lawyer's class action lawsuit wet dream.... Re: (Score:2) by dmomo ( 256005 ) writes: Great. You're and entrepreneur. So add the cost of being sick into the price of providing your service. Just like employees consider paid time off when negotiating compensation. Boo hoo, the entrepreneurial risk-taker bemoans the downside of risk. Re: (Score:3) by Stormy Dragon ( 800799 ) writes: On a separate note, as an entrepreneur, I don't get paid when I don't work. If your business is earning a profit you do. Re: (Score:1) by SnarkSide ( 4929655 ) writes: Sounds like Walmart is sending their people to the Dwight Schrute school of management. Jim: [to Pam] Hey. Jim: [Dwight hands Jim a piece of paper] Oh, what's this? Dwight: That is a demerit. Jim: [reads demerit] "Jim Halpert, tardiness." Ugh. I love it already. Dwight: You've gotta learn, Jim. You are second in command, but that does not put you above the law. Jim: Oh, I understand. And I also have lots of questions, like, what does a demerit mean? Dwight: [scoffs] Let's put it this way. You do not want to receiv Re: (Score:2) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: If you have employees and you aren't paid when you're sick, it's your own fault. Surely you're not claiming Walmart doesn't make any money if the CEO is home sick? Re: (Score:2) by holophrastic ( 221104 ) writes: Counting "points" isn't penalizing anybody. Your arguments are worth nothing if you won't put your name to them. Perfect opportunity for abuse (Score:5, Insightful) by ErichTheRed ( 39327 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @03:57PM (#54537753) There was an article a couple days ago about how white-collar employees in the US are afraid of using their vacation time...this seems like a good bookend to that. The bottom line is that there are very few nice, generous employers anymore. I work for one that actually treats us pretty well; we have on-your-honor sick days and reasonable amounts of vacation. However, stores like this are necessary to show once in a while that employers will take advantage of you at any turn, and some of them are quite bad. You see stuff like this a lot in low-margin, low-paying employers with what they consider a disposable workforce. I'm sure Amazon is guilty of this with their warehouse workers, delivery drivers, etc. I guarantee that with steady jobs getting scarcer every day, and a constant narrative depicting business owners as superhuman infallible beings, nothing is going to get better. People are going to be happy to have any kind of job that gives them a steady paycheck, and that's even more true for those at the low end of the skills curve. When I see stuff like this, it makes me wish labor unions were more powerful like they once were. Unions would never have backed down on something like this, and union members were happier because of it. All those coal miners and manufacturing workers voting last November should realize that they would have been much better off had they been represented by a strong union. Working families used to be able to survive on one income, and now that's very difficult for most people to do. I'm still hoping the pendulum swings back the other direction before things get bad enough to have another revolution or civil war on our hands in the US. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by mlookaba ( 2802163 ) writes: "The bottom line is that there are very few nice, generous employers anymore" The margins for doing business in many retail spaces have been going down for quite some time. I'm certainly no expert in employee relations. I worked in IT for telemarketing company for several years. Draconian rules much like this were put in place there because employees regularly abused the system due to alcohol/drug addictions, poor decisions, and the stress of the job. Basically, lots of people couldn't bear to come in t Re: (Score:2) by asylumx ( 881307 ) writes: The bottom line is that there are very few nice, generous employers anymore I actually wonder how the assumption came to being that there were ever more than a few. I mean, you go back only 100 or so years and you're smack in the middle of the industrial revolution where the 40-hour work week didn't exist yet. It's debatable whether it really exists today... Re: (Score:2) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: Working families used to be able to survive on one income, and now that's very difficult for most people to do. A lot of that is driven by inflation caused by dual-income families. Once a certain number of people had that extra income, their spending was kept in check by raising prices. Re: (Score:2) by barc0001 ( 173002 ) writes: >I'm sure Amazon is guilty of this with their warehouse workers, delivery drivers, etc. Here's an older article written by someone who went in to see the environment at an Amazon fulfillment center and talked with other workers. I can't imagine it's gotten better since. http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2012/02/mac-mcclelland-free-online-shipping-warehouses-labor Some of it is just f-d right up: ""You look way too happy," an Amalgamated supervisor says to me. He has appeared next to me as I work, and in t That's a whopping 0.07% of employees (Score:2) by JoeyRox ( 2711699 ) writes: Walmart employees 1.4 million people in the USA. Re: (Score:2) by JoeyRox ( 2711699 ) writes: Nevermind, I see it's hundreds of employees out of just 1,000 surveyed. I suck. Re: (Score:3) by tsqr ( 808554 ) writes: Nevermind, I see it's hundreds of employees out of just 1,000 surveyed. I suck. Or maybe you don't suck. From the "A Better Balance" report: "Based on our conversation with Walmart employees as well as survey results of over 1,000 current and former Walmart workers who have struggled due to Walmart’s absence control program..." I would expect a survey of workers "who have struggled due to Walmart's absence control program" to turn up a lot of complaints. Wal-Mart Shareholder Conference Today (Score:2) by damn_registrars ( 1103043 ) writes: In case anyone was wondering how we ended up with two WalMart-related front page stories so close to each other on one day... "absence control program" (Score:2) by drew_kime ( 303965 ) writes: The fact that they have an official "absence control program" tells you just about all you need to know. really bad idea (Score:3) by roc97007 ( 608802 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:15PM (#54537925) Journal Penalizing workers for staying home when they're sick is a really bad idea. Because, naturally, people will come to work sick rather than risk a penalty, potentially spreading the illness to other workers and to customers. This seldom ends well, either for the parties involved or for the company. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by Kjella ( 173770 ) writes: Penalizing workers for staying home when they're sick is a really bad idea. Because, naturally, people will come to work sick rather than risk a penalty, potentially spreading the illness to other workers and to customers. This seldom ends well, either for the parties involved or for the company. Assuming people are actually sick. Here in Norway I've had several not-that-close acquaintances admit/reveal that they use sick leave kinda like a quota, they keep enough for actually being sick but if the rolling window is about to expire they get "sick" and use it more or less as an extra day off. Or at least their threshold for being sick becomes very, very low. And it annoys some other friends of mine that either have too much of a moral spine or are in management positions because they know some people Re: (Score:2) by roc97007 ( 608802 ) writes: In counterpoint, I realize this is only another data point, and doesn't necessarily mean anything, but a few years ago in a different company, we had a guy in the department who was actually physically coughing up blood (as personally witnessed) but refused to leave his cube because (as we all knew) downsizing was on the horizon and he didn't want to be seen as a slacker. The rest of us who were in close proximity went to management and threatened to all go home sick if *he* didn't. They finally escorted hi Re: (Score:2) by dbIII ( 701233 ) writes: Nice story but not very likely since it requires too much planning from your mythical slackers thus rendering them not very slack at all. Maybe you should have worked on that fiction a bit more before publication. Get rid of the laws (Score:2) by ilsaloving ( 1534307 ) writes: Being cruel to employees violates laws? Well clearly, those laws shouldn't be in place then! Laws that protect employees are just big brother socialism! Re: (Score:2) by Falos ( 2905315 ) writes: Letting sick people heal stifles innovation. Common Problem it seems (Score:4, Informative) by DarthVain ( 724186 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:25PM (#54538003) My work started doing this recently. Not all that happy about it. To make matters worse, the implemented it retroactively 2 years before the program actually existed, so I'm already half way through the program. They call it "Non-disciplinary", however if you advance into the program too far you can be let go, which sounds pretty disciplinary to me. I believe I effectively do not have any sick days anymore, I'll just go to work sick from now on, unless I get hit by a bus or something, at which point work will probably be the least of my worries. I expect it is a bargaining ploy to the Union. i.e. "You wanna get rid of it? How about those pensions?" Though Walmart doesn't even have that I suppose. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Walmart doesn't have a Union (Score:2) by rsilvergun ( 571051 ) writes: they're the greatest Union Busters in the world. I wouldn't even call them pros. They've elevated it to an art. From the moment you apply to the moment you're laid off for trying to Unionize they've thought of everything. Re:Common Problem it seems (Score:4, Interesting) by labnet ( 457441 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @06:08PM (#54538867) Well, this is what you Americans get when you support barely restrained capitalism. There is no way an employer would get away with this in Europe and Ocenania. I'm always astonished with how bad things are in America for the basics of life, like health care and employment. You should embrace a little more socialism. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by GNious ( 953874 ) writes: Well, this is what you Americans get when you support barely restrained capitalism. You should embrace a little more socialism. Socialism would get in the way of poor Americans becoming rich. Re:Common Problem it seems (Score:5, Informative) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @06:28PM (#54539017) Homepage Journal If you have any face to face interaction with management at all, let the sneeze be your weapon. Make sure that whenever you get sick, they get sick. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Not just Walmart (Score:3, Informative) by Dr. Jest ( 10116 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:26PM (#54538013) I honestly thought this was more normal. I'm not saying it's right. However, I've worked at a software company that had a points-based attendance policy and they actually denied me a raise one year because I called off for illness a few times. It was the worst kind of phone support job and I was a lot younger but I didn't think this was unusual. I definitely thought it was unethical, though. Also stupid, as it encouraged sick people to come in and get everyone else sick, which happened all the time. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by mentil ( 1748130 ) writes: Sounds like they need to hire some telephone sanitizers. Who assigns these points? (Score:2) by freeze128 ( 544774 ) writes: Who is doing the assigning of these "points"? Is it Management? Do the managers get assigned points when they call in sick? Who assigns the points then, other managers, or lower level workers? And non-US workers wonder why... (Score:2) by Hydrian ( 183536 ) writes: And non-US workers wonder why US works don't use vacation and sick days when they have them... Companies that get caught doing this need to made an example of. Major fines. The fines can't be small enough for a business to chalk it up to the 'cost of doing business' because that's what they do already. Re: (Score:2) by dbIII ( 701233 ) writes: It's not illegal. How are you going to fine a business for doing something that isn't illegal? Legislate. Once had a manager call a meeting (Score:2) by rsilvergun ( 571051 ) writes: to tell everyone that if you couldn't find a replacement you had to come in sick. This was at a restaurant. At the time it didn't occur to anyone to call him on it, but this was the 90s so the economy was good and it wasn't enforceable. Every call center I ever worked in had sick people non-stop. Everybody was always sick because nobody could stay home when they got sick. This is just how it is when you work in low pay industries in a bad economy. If you want it to stop you're gonna have to pass laws, How many points do you get (Score:2) by Deadstick ( 535032 ) writes: ...for puking on a customer? Sick days (Score:1) by cmorgan503 ( 2592675 ) writes: Most of us are grown ups here. Why the hell do we need a note from the doctor saying we were really sick? I thought we left primary school years ago. The few times I had to bring a note, was for the doctor to say I was cleared for work, or if I had work restrictions. That said, my previous employer had implemented something like this. We got 5 free sick days, and could use PTO, as long as we gave a week advance notice. Other than that, we got credited 1 point for each occurrence (not day. Calling in sick Sick days vs FMLA? (Score:2) by Chewbacon ( 797801 ) writes: If you have FMLA, there is more protection. Some of these examples sound like sickly people or people with kids that inevitably get sick and need care. Neither are not necessarily FMLA cases. Anyone stop to consider some of those workers who frequently call in and are habitually tardy, the points are adding up, and when they call in it pushes them over the threshold? Shit my wife's employer dings more employees for "patterns of behavior" (subjective, because they feel like fucking with you) than objecti This story matches up nicely with the other one (Score:2) by hyades1 ( 1149581 ) writes: https://news.slashdot.org/story/17/06/02/185219/walmart-is-turning-its-employees-into-delivery-drivers-to-compete-with-amazon I commented on the one linked here about how unlikely it would be that Walmart's attempt to force employees to use their own vehicles to deliver its merchandise would in fact be "voluntary". This is exactly how it will be. Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: prescriptive linguistics done school you. Whomst'd've taught you languaging? Re: (Score:2) by gnick ( 1211984 ) writes: A good lesson for all the kids out there. Learn proper grammar. If WalMart introduces grammar screening for their "associates", they're going to alienate a lot of their labor pool. Actually that goes for a lot of places - Proper grammar seems to be a rarity. Not everyone talks as goodly as you and I. Re: As someone that's never taken a sick day from (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: You are a dick. I take sick days when a doctor gives me a note saying I need a sick day. Like for having a major operation under full anesthesia that last for another day. Or for when being contagious with actual flu. Or when I had to stay in for observation. Then again I am from Europe and you can't take a sick day without a doctor's note saying you are sick and you or the public health require that you isolate yourself from the public. Sick days without a doctor's note are a problem in the US, but because Re: (Score:2) by Impy the Impiuos Imp ( 442658 ) writes: This is why many businesses just did away with sick days and gave employees free days instead of vacation, adding 5 days to their vacation time. Now you can use those days for whatever you want. Re: (Score:1) by tquasar ( 1405457 ) writes: I lost seven days off when my employer combined sick and vacation. Compensatory time was unlimited, then reduced to a max of 40 hrs. It was a large municipal government and could operate with several people absent for a few days or weeks. Re: (Score:2) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: It's massive stupidity though. For one, I find many conditions will clear on their own in a day or two. I don't need a doctor to tell me that. So, I can be sick for 24 hours in the comfort of home or I can go wait for hours on end at urgent care and share whatever I have with the waiting room while they give me what they have and cough a co-pay (along with that lung) just because some asshole stuffed into a suit wants to treat everyone like children. Even in school, a parent's note is good enough. On a side n Re:As someone that's never taken a sick day from w (Score:5, Insightful) by hey! ( 33014 ) writes: on Friday June 02, 2017 @04:01PM (#54537789) Homepage Journal Everybody gets sick sooner or later. Some people are fortunate enough to be on the tail end of the curve when it comes to luck, being one of them doesn't make you morally better. Of course you might be one of those people who come to work and spread your germs around to the coworkers and customers. That doesn't make you morally better either; it makes you worse. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3, Insightful) by SB5407 ( 4372273 ) writes: This falls under the "stuff that matters" part of the slogan. Re: (Score:1) by geek ( 5680 ) writes: "News for SJWs. Shit that doesn't matter" Re: (Score:3) by Frosty Piss ( 770223 ) * writes: How is unproven allegations about the sick day policy of a retailer "news for nerds"? There is no IT angle here I can discern. Why is this on Slashdot? Unless, of course, they're moving full steam ahead with their "All Social Justice Warrior, all the time" format. To unsocialized neck-beards like you? Doesn't matter. To members of the Human Race? It's "Stuff That Matters". Re: (Score:2) by Frosty Piss ( 770223 ) * writes: In that case... odd how Slashdot doesn't seem to have had any coverage of the rampant civil rights violations going on at Evergreen College in Washington... That's regional. Plus, Evergreen State has ALWAYS been wack-a-doodle. Re: (Score:2) by dbIII ( 701233 ) writes: How is unproven allegations about the sick day policy of a retailer "news for nerds"? To pay their way to being a professional nerd or at times when there are few technical jobs around a lot of nerds work in retail. It's actually a bit of a worry that I had to tell you that. Are you really paying so little attention to what is going on around you? Re: (Score:2) by Topwiz ( 1470979 ) writes: The tagline is in the html tag of the home page so will appear in the title bar (tab in Chrome). Re: (Score:1) by Topwiz ( 1470979 ) writes: Edit box changed what I typed. It is in the HTML TITLE tag of the home page. Re: (Score:2) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: If you put your password between the HTML tags, Slashdot won't eat it. Example: <title>hunter2</title> Re: (Score:2) by mrbester ( 200927 ) writes: I'm only seeing asterisks. Maybe because I still have mod points, but posting should sort that. Re: (Score:3) by hey! ( 33014 ) writes: They exist to remove the incentive of you going to work and spreading your germs, among other things. But sick days is also a form of insurance, in which risk is pooled over the entire workforce. Statistically your compensation might end up a wash either way if you just look at the expected value but if you look at the statistical spread there is no comparison, particularly for low-paid workers who don't earn enough to put aside savings. If you're making $100,000 a year, a week without pay is nothing. I Re: (Score:2) by ranton ( 36917 ) writes: If you earn 15k a year, having children is a horribly irresponsible decision that should be deferred until you can actually afford to provide for their needs. That doesn't mean "never" it means "not yet". Yeah, because no one has ever gotten pregnant on accident or lost their job after already having children ... Re: (Score:3) by hey! ( 33014 ) writes: It doesn't always happen in that order: make $15K/year, then have kids. Re: (Score:2) by Stormy Dragon ( 800799 ) writes: Why do sick days even exist as a concept. Because the type of employees most companies want like them. If you don't offer sick days, you're stuck with the leftovers that they companies who did offer sick days passed on. Re: (Score:2) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: How are you providing value by being sick? By staying away and not getting other employees sick, you are saving the company money. It's also a benefit that retains better employees. Re: (Score:2) by taustin ( 171655 ) writes: Sick days exist because of people like you. Re: (Score:2) by Falos ( 2905315 ) writes: Peasants desperate for a job are lined around the corner, we actually need to make the job oppressive enough that we can use, dispose, and rotate them. That's not sarcasm, that's the literally the optimized, max-margin reaction for a glut. And it gets worse each time we trade thousands for a couple dozen "floor models" and one robotechnician. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 2837 commentsDonald Trump Wins US Presidency 1149 commentsGarmin Engineer Shot And Killed By Man Yelling 'Get Out Of My Country!' 1074 commentsTrump Announces US Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord 1052 commentsUniversal Basic Income Programs Arrive 1028 commentsRussia Unveils 'Satan 2' Missile Powerful Enough To 'Wipe Out UK, France Or Texas' next VR Sports? It Can Be a Billion Dollar Business, Says Intel CEO 37 comments previous Denmark Is Killing Tesla and Other Electric Cars 147 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 100 of 183 loaded Submit Story "It is easier to fight for principles than to live up to them." -- Alfred Adler FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Nasdaq 6,305.80 +58.97 (+0.94%) Walmart Employees Will Now Deliver Packages to Your Home Jennifer Calfas Money June 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The retail giant's latest move to compete with AmazonMore Walmart will now enlist its store employees to deliver packages to customers’ homes using their own cars in an effort to make its delivery system more competitive. In its most recent move against e-commerce challenger Amazon, the discount retailer announced Thursday that it will allow store employees to opt into a delivery service program that will have them drop off packages at customers’ homes on their drive home from work. Earning extra cash, employees that are part of the program will be able to choose the number of the packages and how much they weigh. Employees can opt in or out of the program — or change their preferences within it — at any time. “Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business,” Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce program, said in a blog post. Many of the packages included in the program will be delivered the day after the order is placed, Lore said. The retail giant is currently testing the program at two stores in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas. Though it is unclear if or when the program will expand, Lore noted that Walmart’s stores across the U.S. are within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” he said. “It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer.” This is just the most recent move Walmart has made in its e-commerce efforts, which had a growth in sales of 63% in its most recent quarter, the company announced last month. In January, the company started offering a free two-day delivery service for orders $35 and over — a direct shot at Amazon Prime’s free two-day shipping program offered through a $99-per-year membership free. (Amazon responded by lowering its free shipping for non-Prime members to a $25 minimum.) And in April, Walmart also started offering web discounts for as much as $50 for pricey items for customers who could pick up their orders in the store rather than have it delivered to their homes. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Retail: Home delivery Walmart's latest challenge to Amazon The Business Journals The Obamas just bought an $8.1 million mansion in Washington, D.C. — take a look inside CNBC 'Call his bluff': Mark Cuban tells Democrats how to punch back after Trump pulls out of Paris climate deal Business Insider Call of the week: BlackBerry could be the next Nvidia Yahoo Finance Model says she was fired for being on her period Cosmo What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video If Trump won’t address climate changes, states, cities and companies will Yahoo Finance It's a great time to be a college graduate in America Yahoo Finance Buffalo Wild Wings' CEO is leaving the struggling chain after an activist investor triumphed in a monthslong battle for the board Business Insider New York prosecutor says Exxon misled investors on climate change Reuters The Paint Color That Could Boost Your Home’s Value by $5,000 The Fiscal Times Inventor of "Iron Man" jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Finance Video Two charts that prove the glass is half-empty for stocks Yahoo Finance Tech leads Wall Street higher; jobs data falls short Reuters 5 biggest money mistakes new grads make Yahoo Finance All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Dan Howley Tim Kaine claims Trump pulling out of Paris Accord because he's 'jealous of Obama accomplishments' veronica: Seriously? Thank God the hag and this imbecile aren't in office! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 220
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 58°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Saturday, June 3, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Replay of the Day Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Walmart to use own workers to deliver its online orders Associated Press Friday, June 02, 2017 comments BENTONVILLE, Ark. — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said yesterday. The announcement came just a day before Walmart’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer said workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said yesterday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. Founded in 1945, Walmart operates more than 11,000 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries, according to a profile of the company on Yahoo Finance. It employs about 2.3 million people. More On: Amazon Walmart Randy Parraz Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets Walmart to use own workers to deliver its online orders associated press business & markets RadioShack closes 1,000 stores; 7 to remain open in Massachusetts chris woodyard business & markets Jobs data could signal shortage of qualified workers to hire associated press Trending Now Carr: Examples of fake news? How much time you got? Queen Elizabeth II Coronation #HeraldArchive 1953 #HeraldArchives @BostonHerald @HeraldRadio This Day in History… .@AdrianaCohen16: Islamic State’s the threat, not weather Adriana Cohen: Islamic State’s the threat, not weather Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Announces 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Voting Results FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) today announced shareholder voting results for its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Approximately 92.7 percent of all outstanding shares were present or represented by proxy at the meeting. The company reported that shareholders approved the election of each of Walmart’s 11 director nominees. Each director nominee received affirmative votes from approximately 94 percent or more of the shares voted, excluding abstentions and broker non-votes, as follows (all percentages are rounded to the nearest 1/100 of 1 percent): Director Nominee         For         Against James I. Cash, Jr. 98.95% 1.05% Timothy P. Flynn 99.40% 0.60% Carla A. Harris 98.17% 1.83% Thomas W. Horton 99.40% 0.60% Marissa A. Mayer 94.31% 5.69% C. Douglas McMillon 99.27% 0.73% Gregory B. Penner 97.16% 2.84% Steven S Reinemund 94.44% 5.56% Kevin Y. Systrom 94.45% 5.55% S. Robson Walton 94.43% 5.57% Steuart L. Walton 97.48% 2.52%   Shareholders voted on a non-binding advisory resolution to establish the frequency of future advisory shareholder votes to approve the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers, with approximately 98.74 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting to hold such future advisory votes annually. The Board of Directors had recommended a frequency of one year. Shareholders voted to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of Walmart’s named executive officers described in Walmart’s 2017 proxy statement, with approximately 83.14 percent of the shares present in person or represented by proxy voting in favor of this proposal. The Board of Directors had recommended a vote for this proposal. Shareholders also ratified the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Walmart’s independent accountants, with affirmative votes from approximately 99.23 percent of the shares that were present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. The Board of Directors had recommended a vote against each of the four shareholder proposals, and each proposal failed to receive affirmative votes from a majority of the total shares that were represented at the meeting and entitled to vote and, accordingly, they did not pass. The approximate percentages of the shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting that were voted in favor of each of the four shareholder proposals are as follows: Request to adopt an independent chairman policy: approximately 15.15 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. Shareholder proxy access: the proposal was not formally presented at the meeting. However, the company received proxies representing approximately 26.24 percent of the shares in support of this proposal. Request for independent director with environmental expertise: approximately 2.13 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. Request for annual reporting of additional demographic information about full- and part-time associates in the U.S.: less than 0.01 percent of the shares that were present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote. The official voting results for each item voted on by shareholders will be disclosed in a report to be filed next week with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious INSERTING and REPLACING Statement from Seagate CEO Regarding U.S. Withdrawal from Paris Climate Agreement Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Amaranth Seed Oil Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Demand and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Chronic health conditions among long-term survivors of childhood cancer decrease over three decades as treatments improve Sopheon Recognized in New Gartner Magic Quadrant for Project Portfolio Management CureMatch Co-Founder and Colleagues to Present 11 Abstracts at Prestigious ASCO 2017 Conference CureMatch Co-Founder and Colleagues to Present 11 Abstracts at Prestigious ASCO 2017 Conference 100% Fiber Network Powered by AT&T Fiber Now Available in Wilmington Area Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 67° Broken Clouds North Andover, MA (01845) Today Clouds early, some clearing late. Tonight Mostly cloudy early, then clearing overnight. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 49F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 2, 2017 @ 6:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis New Hampshire Psychic fair returns to Salem 1 hr ago St. David's Church holding yard sale Ingraham to be installed as pastor of First Church Congregational Tuscan Village groundbreaking ceremony delayed Police probe two new Lawrence shootings  Students honor teachers with familiar award Upper Room honors its Class of 2017 Second man charged in Easter shooting death in Lawrence Police investigate two Thursday night shootings in Lawrence Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Local Sports featured Harris throws six innings of no-hit ball, leads Salem to win in tourney opener +2 By David Willis dwillis@eagletribune.com 17 hrs ago Saluting the Commonwealth Motors Unsung Heroes Commonwealth Motors Captains Corner: Central Catholic baseball, Brooks boys lacrosse Sports in a Minute: Andover duo stars on and off gridiron Thursday's High School Box Scores Ballou's homer leads Harrisburg to win over New Hampshire Tournament Roundup: Windham girls tennis wins Division 2 state championship Local Sports Notes Five nuggets from Sox loss to O's Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Club News May 28, 2017 Reunions Community Calendar Reunions Club News Community Calendar Moccia - Congratulations Club News Reunions Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Sound Off 7 hrs ago NH students need full-day kindergarten Clinton Foundation must be investigated Griffin should have known she would be crossing line Guess what, critics: Trump appeared rather presidential on his first foreign trip Sound Off Judges' anti-Trump end does not justify their means Public participation in school matters impressive Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices AP Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press Jun 2, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business Technology New Products And Services Products And Services Corporate News Sales Figures Financial Performance E-commerce Internet Technology Computing And Information Technology Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Wages And Salaries Personnel Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Hiring And Recruitment Online Shopping Shopping Lifestyle Locations Arkansas United States North America ADVERTISERS North of Boston Magazines Our magazines highlight people, places and events in our North of Boston communities.Read Our Magazines Featured Homes of the Week +5 Seaglass Shore, Hampton Beach, N.H. By Sarah Ashley Pratt  Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles UPDATE: Lawrence-based drug ring was largest fentanyl operation in state Stabbing victim remains in critical condition Salem police arrest Manchester woman connected to Londonderry armed robbery Haverhill police arrest suspect in downtown stabbings Lawrence baseball bat attack leads to two arrests Feds: 30 face drug, firearm and immigration charges in Merrimack Valley probe Documents: Accused fentanyl dealer sought lush life in DR UPDATE: Juvenile arrested in Methuen teen's shooting Police investigating Methuen shooting Man dies in Salem motorcycle crash Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. First Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Sections Home News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Walmart taps the power of VR to train the next crop of poorly-paid wage slaves by Tristan Greene — in Business 298 shares Walmart recently unveiled plans to begin using virtual reality headsets to train new employees. According to a Business Insider report, the VR system is designed to help entry-level employees (and those entering new positions) prepare for specific situations — like a holiday rush — that traditional training can’t simulate. An expected 140,000 employees will use the new VR system this year alone. Is virtual reality the best way to train retail employees? The VR training tech Walmart is implementing will be used at their Walmart Academies. These training centers across the United States allow employees to learn in a classroom environment. The company opened it’s 100th training academy in April 2017 and plans on having 200 by the end of this summer – the kind of pace only a giant like Walmart could keep up. STRIVR, the company responsible for Walmart’s new VR system, thinks it’s found the single best way to design training environments. It has Fortune 100 companies as clients and it’s at the cutting edge of VR training. Videos on the STRIVR labs website show training environments designed to help NFL players experience different on-field looks. There are also videos of environments made to teach job safety to construction workers. The applications for the tech seem to be endless, but do Walmart employees need an entire virtual Walmart environment to simulate what it’s going to be like to perform their duties? Walmart Vice President of Operations Tom Ward states that the technology will be used to simulate difficult work periods employees will encounter. This training should help employees cope with periods that aren’t neccesarily the norm, but will require competency to manage. Many Walmart employees still aren’t making $10 per hour, but they’ll be trained at brand new Walmart academies using the newest VR training technology. While it looks like the entire Walmart strategy continues to be one in which the employees are replaceable parts in a system designed to maximize profits – there is hope. The VR investment is, at least in the altruistic sense, an investment in people. Walmart isn’t replacing humans with robots any time soon. In fact – the Washington Post reports that the company will be competing with the likes of Amazon by sending packages out for delivery with employees on their way home from work. Take that drones. The next time you order something from Walmart it might be delivered by a VR trained cashier: one who lives in your neighborhood. Walmart spokesperson Ravi Jariwala told the Washington Post that “Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this… 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store.” If that sounds terrifying, keep in mind that Walmart workers are hard working individuals whose options are limited. The company didn’t move next door to 90-percent of Americans by looking out for the little guy. There’s also the wage problems that plague Walmart employees. Some of the lowest-paid employees in the US are being trained in ways usually reserved for athletes and high skill jobs. Those same employees will then be offered the opportunity to drop off deliveries on their way home from work. The two ideas seem to be pushing in opposite directions — something Walmart is well versed in. They’ll save money by having employees take on risk. When actor/comedian Tracy Morgan was involved in an accident with a Walmart delivery truck he recieved 90 million dollars (that Walmart was reimbursed for) from the company. What happens when a Walmart cashier who makes minimum wage gets into an accident delivering someone’s American flag bbq set? They’ll foot the insurance hike just like any other private citizen would. Double-tapping it’s in-store employees extends the “bang for the buck” that Walmart gets by continuing to cut costs at the expense of the lowest earning employees in the company. Walmart aims to streamline training to create efficient workers that are easily replaceable by others that can be up to speed in just two weeks. It’s almost as though there is no expense Walmart won’t go to in order to continue paying the lowest wages in the country. Read next: Amazon and Audible get dramatic, offer enticing grants for playwrights Tech Share on Facebook (67) Share on Twitter (208) Tristan Greene Happy to hear your thoughts on tristan@thenextweb.com or @mrgreene1977 on Twitter. I'm a sailor who loves to write, eat, game, and dad. I've sailed around the world a few times and met more than one or two interesting people along the way. Tomorrow looks pretty fun from where I'm standing. Contact Mail Tweet Posts 6   All posts by Tristan > Here's some more distraction Xbox Game Pass isn't the Netflix of anything Tristan Green Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson Lyft bests Uber (and others) in latest diversity report Rachel Kaser Donuts delivered via drone is the future we all imagined Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended Semantic banks and why you shouldn't be scared of the financial future Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Why we expanded our startup to South Korea Agu De Marco 2 This fancy keyboard overlay shows all the commands you need in Vim Matthew Hughes 3 Semantic banks and why you shouldn't be scared of the financial future Lauren Gilmore 4 Facebook is letting Groups create online learning courses - what could possibly go wrong? Matthew Hughes 5 It's the end of an era, as Pinboard buys and shutters del.icio.us (UPDATED) Matthew Hughes Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 Why Live Streaming is Changing The Future of Social Content George Beall 2 How Automation is Making The Sales Process Easier George Beall 3 How AI Is Changing the World of Advertising Forever George Beall 4 Facebook study shows your racist aunt might just be bored Carissa Lintao 5 Xbox Game Pass isn't the Netflix of anything Tristan Green Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
HR Professionals Recruiters Business Leaders Board Consulting Client Login Find Recruiters eGOLD Recruitment Marketing Data eGOLD Business Leaders For Recruiters Update Business Entry Sections Sections HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Content Type News Features Insights Videos Magazine Partners & Supplier Directory More from HR Grapevine #HRGV2017 Conference Events Jobs Follow HR Grapevine on... LinkedIn Twitter Facebook YouTube Our Communities Executive Grapevine Recruitment Grapevine Business Grapevine Find Recruiters eGOLD Recruitment Marketing Data eGOLD Business Leaders For Recruiters Update Business Entry More about EG EG Corporate HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Partners & Suppliers More Executive Grapevine Recruitment Grapevine Introducing Business Grapevine Online Services eGOLD Recruitment eGOLD Business Leaders Update Business Entry News Features Insights Videos Magazine Events Jobs Follow Us Walmart asks staff to deliver packages on their commute home Fri, 2 Jun 2017 11:00am BST News Rianna Fulham HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Asking employees to go above and beyond outside of working hours is always an area of trepidation, but if their commute home could get them some extra pay they may just take up the offer. Employees at Walmart can testify, as they have been enlisted to deliver online orders on their way home from work, in the face of growing competition from Amazon. Workers will receive extra pay for the voluntary program and will be offered overtime pay, according to Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. However, he declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of each. The Washington Post reports that Walmart executives said the cost-saving method made sense, considering that 90% of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” Marc Lore, Chief Executive of Walmart’s e-commerce business said in a blog post. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house. Read more Who is leading your leaders? “Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this. There is really strong overlap between where our associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” The retail giant has said the program is a way for employees to earn extra money, however, labour experts say the ‘gig economy’ style program raises questions related to employee responsibility over the risk cost and liability associated with deliveries. “The practice seems ripe for abuse if the company does not compensate workers for the full cost of their journey, the expenses related to gas, car depreciation, and potential problems like accidents, tickets or parking expenses,” comments Stephanie Luce, a Labour Professor at the City University of New York. “Like other ‘gig economy’ type jobs, there is a potential to benefit workers — but most of the benefits accrue to the employer, not the employee.” Last year, the retailer reported $485.9billion in revenue, and this year they said it would raise its hourly minimum wage to $10 (£7.70) for most workers. However, activist groups say many employees are still struggling to make ends meet. Workers have also been sceptical about the new scheme, but Jariwala reiterates that the scheme is completely opt-in. Add Comments Most Read Across HR Grapevine In Compensation & Benefits 1 Google staff ditch HR & start own harassment blog 24/05/2017 925 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 2 Nan's brutal resignation highlights value of workplace honesty 12/05/2017 152 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 3 John Lewis ‘inadvertently’ breaks pay rules 10/05/2017 219 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 4 Cyber-hero who halted NHS hack rewarded with THIS by boss... 15/05/2017 172 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 5 Employee awarded £20k compensation for 'hurt feelings' 31/05/2017 354 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 6 Coca-Cola Co.'s new CEO gives THIS advice to staff 10/05/2017 244 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 7 The happiest place to work revealed 17/05/2017 221 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 8 5 signs your employees want a promotion 16/05/2017 135 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 9 3 things cc'ing a senior employee does to your staff 04/05/2017 274 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 10 5 things employees do to impress the boss 08/05/2017 184 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 1 John Lewis ‘inadvertently’ breaks pay rules 10/05/2017 219 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 2 Cyber-hero who halted NHS hack rewarded with THIS by boss... 15/05/2017 172 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 3 Sacked McDonald's Gran claims $100k after dismissal 26/05/2017 56 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 4 10 highest paid UK jobs with the smallest gender gap 30/05/2017 99 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 5 Companies have stopped keeping employee salaries secret - & this happened… 04/05/2017 223 3 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 6 6 reasons why you should pay your staff as much as possible 24/05/2017 126 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 7 How bosses are tricking staff out of holiday 09/05/2017 103 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 8 Uber & Deliveroo biggest HR issues - they're not what you think... 26/05/2017 186 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 9 The weirdest benefits of 2017 so far 15/05/2017 179 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 10 5 tips to maintain mental health support Generali HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Guide to Rewards and Benefits The link between reward, flexible working & retention Using reward to hold onto happy workers - wherever they are HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The importance of international rewards & benefits Global solutions for local problems HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Transforming the employee experience through benefits technology Why it's time to shift to an employee-centric benefits strategy. HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Global employee benefits strategy - Simpler and convenient Several factors explain the trend to align employee benefits programmes to a company's... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The importance of financial education in the workplace People have always had to take responsibility for their finances HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The engagement gap: are money worries to blame? Many existing employee engagement strategies are failing to get traction. Why? HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How can you prove the return on investment of employee benefits? Our three panelists discuss employee benefits HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Thinking smarter to overcome obstacles for change There is clearly a desire among benefits decision makers to build and improve on... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Stats & Trends Facts and figures about rewards and benefits. HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Arming the HR Director with the tools to win investment Many HR departments remain concerned that they don't have sufficient Board-level... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The National Living Wage - just a reward issue? Have businesses really prepared for the challenges it presents over the next five... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Counting the cost of absence As an industry, we need to communicate better with employers HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Why one size doesn't fit all when it comes to employee benefits Money matters and money management is the employee benefit that HR professionals... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Get ahead of the game by registering now Submit Example Newsletter Remind me later * By registering you agree that you have read and agree to our Terms and Conditions and that Executive Grapevine International Ltd and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content and products. Related Insights 5 tips to maintain mental health support May 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How to create a healthy workplace May 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How to stop your employees leaving for a better paid job May 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Do workplace dress codes need a refresh? May 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How are you helping stressed employees? April 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Follow us on Twitter Follow @HRGrapevine Follow us on LinkedIn Magazine Features Why financial inclusion matters April 2017 Government urges employers to provide more... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The great expenses policy April 2017 HR claims back a great expenses policy as... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Driven to distraction April 2017 3 measures to adopt to help keep workers'... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Like us on Facebook Read More Trumpcare could give employers power to control staff contraceptives 01/06/2017 News 15 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 10 highest paid UK jobs with the smallest gender gap 30/05/2017 News 99 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd UK workers face staggering retirement age rise 26/05/2017 News 95 2 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Uber & Deliveroo biggest HR issues - they're not what you think... 26/05/2017 News 186 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Sacked McDonald's Gran claims $100k after dismissal 26/05/2017 News 56 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 6 reasons why you should pay your staff as much as possible 24/05/2017 News 126 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd © 1979-2017 Executive Grapevine International Ltd Corporate Contact Us Our Team Terms & Conditions Data Licensing Cookie Policy Privacy Legal Media Centre
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Walmart Walmart asking staff to deliver online orders on their way home US supermarket trialling scheme that sees workers drop off packages on their commute in attempt to close gap with rival Amazon Walmart in Bentonville, Arkansas, one of the places where the scheme is being trialled. Photograph: Marc F. Henning/Alamy Walmart Walmart asking staff to deliver online orders on their way home US supermarket trialling scheme that sees workers drop off packages on their commute in attempt to close gap with rival Amazon Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Rupert Neate @RupertNeate Friday 2 June 2017 14.36 EDT Last modified on Friday 2 June 2017 17.13 EDT US supermarket giant Walmart is asking employees to deliver online orders to customers on their way home from work in an attempt to close the gap with rival Amazon. Walmart, which employes about 1.5 million workers in its 4,700 US stores, said it “just makes sense” for them to deliver packages on the way home as 90% of Americans live within 10 miles of one of its stores. Marc Lore, Walmart’s head of e-commerce operations, said the scheme would cut shipping costs, increase speed of delivery and allow workers to earn extra cash. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfilment centres to stores for pickup,” he said in a blog post. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination … Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way. It’s easy to see why this test could be a gamechanger.” The company has been testing the new delivery process with workers at three stores for the past month, but did not offer details about where or when the plan would be expanded across the US. The “last mile” of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers’ homes, are often most expensive part of the online delivery process and a challenge that many supermarkets and delivery companies are trying to solve. Tesco is attempting to use robots to delivery groceries in the UK. Britain’s biggest supermarket this week announced it had successfully used a six-wheeled buggy to deliver food from stores to homes in some parts of central London. The company said it planned to widen the pilot scheme in partnership with Starship Technologies, who make the robots that have also been used by takeaway company Just Eat. The robots will be able to carry items within a three-mile radius. Amazon has also been testing drones for deliveries in the UK. In the US, Walmart has been struggling to keep up with Amazon’s fast deliveries, which have tempted some shoppers to switch from travelling to the supermarket to having their goods delivered via Amazon Prime, which offers next-day delivery in more than 5,000 US cities. Lore has been spearheading Walmart’s drive to catch up, since the Arkansas-based retailer bought his Jet.com online delivery firm for $3.3bn last year. At the time, Walmart said the purchase of Jet was “another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart”. Lore, Jet’s founder and chief executive, became Walmart’s president of e-commerce as part of the deal. The delivery trial is voluntary for store workers, who can sign up for a maximum of 10 deliveries a day. The retailer did not share details on pay for those deliveries. The test is limited to three stores in New Jersey and Arkansas. The announcement came ahead of Walmart’s annual shareholder meeting on Friday. Walmart, which owns Asda in the UK, is the world’s largest retailer and made $486bn revenue last year, compared with Amazon’s $136bn. But Walmart has made little inroads online, while Amazon accounts for about a third of all online orders. Topics Walmart Couriers/delivery industry Gig economy Retail industry news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content more on this story $6.40 an hour and a few raises in nine years: how I got stuck in a Walmart career I believed that I would only be working at Walmart for a few months. I was wrong, but staying for so long taught me valuable life lessons Published: 18 May 2017 $6.40 an hour and a few raises in nine years: how I got stuck in a Walmart career Let's hold Apple and Walmart to their big environmental promises Fred Pearce It’s easy to be cynical about the recent rush of bold corporate sustainability targets, but brands that buy into a green image may find it hard to deviate too far Published: 15 May 2017 Let's hold Apple and Walmart to their big environmental promises Dead bat found in bagged salad sold at Florida Walmart prompts investigation CDC tests for rabies and regional recall follow discovery of deceased chiropteran in partially eaten packet of Fresh Express Organic Marketside Spring Mix Published: 9 Apr 2017 Dead bat found in bagged salad sold at Florida Walmart prompts investigation As more buy clothes online, Walmart eyes a piece of the action A likely deal between Walmart and Bonobos, a hybrid digital/brick-and-mortar menswear brand, may be a sign of the future of retail Published: 22 Apr 2017 As more buy clothes online, Walmart eyes a piece of the action Largest US police union asks Amazon to pull 'offensive' Black Lives Matter shirt Published: 23 Dec 2016 Largest US police union asks Amazon to pull 'offensive' Black Lives Matter shirt Walmart ordered to pay truck drivers $54m in minimum wage suit Published: 23 Nov 2016 Walmart ordered to pay truck drivers $54m in minimum wage suit Those luxury Egyptian cotton sheets you own may not be luxurious – or Egyptian Published: 19 Nov 2016 Those luxury Egyptian cotton sheets you own may not be luxurious – or Egyptian Asda sales slump puts chain at bottom of UK supermarket league Published: 17 Nov 2016 Asda sales slump puts chain at bottom of UK supermarket league More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Business › Walmart business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Getting a buyout from the EPA?•Fed-focused bills on Capitol Hill•Which TSP fund went into the red? Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Walmart touts investment in… Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO June 2, 2017 4:53 pm 5 min read Share FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company’s investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders’ meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company’s investments in higher wages and training for its employees. “We will compete with technology, but win with people,” McMillon told a cheering audience. Download our online chat with Col. Brandon Pearce, chief information security officer for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Advertisement He added that workers shouldn’t fear increasing automation in the industry. “No doubt our work will be different in the future —robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do,” he continued. “Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don’t think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together.” A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. “We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology,” he said. But when or if that would happen is “to be determined.” Walmart’s moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn’t remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. The company’s online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world’s largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company’s efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and “Jet Fresh” delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company’s acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. “The historic trade-off between price and service doesn’t really exist anymore,” McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. “I’m really excited about the environment that we’re creating for people to learn,” McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It’s also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon’s popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping “free,” given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. “I don’t think you should have to pay for free shipping,” he said. Walmart’s financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But “too many of us are still part-time,” she said. “Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can’t plan our lives, or line up a second job.” Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. “Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children,” Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D’Innocenzio reported from New York. Related Topics Business News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Walmart touts investment in… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories May TSP returns continue positive streak, minus one negative outlier Top Story IRS to start website overhaul in August Technology EPA's government reorganization summer homework Workforce 10 bills you missed while you were focused on the budget Legislation What’s it like inside Mattis’ Pentagon? Defense News Fed Photo of the Day USDA celebrates National Egg Day with day-old chics Today in History 1954: Sen. Joseph McCarthy charges communists are in the CIA THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Jun 02, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9816 0.0275 2.80% L 2020 25.7437 0.0680 4.59% L 2030 28.8357 0.1161 6.52% L 2040 31.1263 0.1459 7.46% L 2050 17.8873 0.0941 8.30% G Fund 15.3373 0.0009 0.98% F Fund 17.9321 0.0503 2.57% C Fund 33.9325 0.1257 8.67% S Fund 43.9355 0.1937 4.96% I Fund 28.5205 0.3243 14.31% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Close menu Education Video #OneObama Nation Politicker NewsOne Now Good News Biz/Media Live Well Entertainment Working Together About Us Privacy Terms of Service Advertising Careers Facebook Twitter Instagram Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP #OneObama Nation Politicker NewsOne Now Good News Video Education CONTACT US Top Ten Videos to watch Roland Martin Knocks Clinton Explanation For Election Loss Is Donald Trump’s Rhetoric Emboldening White Supremacists? Here’s The First Look At The Obama Presidential… Are Black Churches Doing Enough To Advocate For… Dr. Ian Smith Shares Painless Ways To Cut… 63rd Anniversary Of Brown v. Board Of Education Maxine Waters Predicts Trump Will Lose GOP Support… Trump Chaos Poses Hurdles For GOP Midterm Elections Families That Fled Flint Water Crisis No Longer… Rev. Barber’s Poor People’s Campaign To Tackle Racism,… BuzzFoto Celebrity Sightings In New York – May 18, 2017 Photo by BuzzFoto Celebrity Sightings In New York - May 18, 2017 Entertainment Home > Entertainment Walmart Insurance Company Demands Tracy Morgan Medical Records Ohio Casualty wants the comedian to testify under oath about the multimillion-dollar crash settlement he received from the retail giant. Written By Global Grind Posted 18 hours ago Leave a comment 1.85K reads Tracy Morgan has been through a lot following his 2014 car crash. Now, the comedian is back and better than ever, but he’s dealing with more drama related to the nearly fatal accident. The Daily Mail reports that the funny man has been ordered to testify under oath by Walmart’s insurance company about the multi-million dollar crash settlement he got from the retail giant, which according to them, was way too generous. As you may recall, the superstore reached a deal with Morgan a year after the deadly accident on the New Jersey Turnpike that killed his friend, comedian James ‘Jimmy Mack’ McNair, and left the 30 Rock star severely injured. Walmart’s insurance company, Ohio Casualty, is demanding that Tracy be deposed over the estimated $90 million payout that he received after the crash that involved him and one of Walmart’s trucks. The company also wants the comic to turn over his medical records, income statements, information related to his future earning potential and even documents pertaining to appearances he made on Saturday Night Live and the Emmys. Court documents show that lawyers for Ohio Casualty are now requesting deposition dates from Morgan and his comedian friend Ardley Fuqua, who was a passenger in the car. Since Morgan and Fuqua neglected to respond to subpoenas to provide information to the case last year, they could potentially be held in contempt of court for failing to provide an adequate excuse. Ohio Casualty noted in the court documents, “The sole reason Morgan and Fuqua have refused to provide deposition dates is their insistence that Plaintiffs provide information that is not required under the federal rules and accept their unconditional reservation of all rights, including their reservation not to appear for a deposition at all. This is a baseless position designed to avoid giving dates for their depositions. For these reasons, Plaintiffs ask that Tracy Morgan and Ardley Fuqua be ordered to each provide Plaintiffs with dates on which they can appear for a 7-hour deposition pursuant to the subpoenas.” Tracy Morgan has yet to respond to the reports and no deposition date has been officially set. SOURCE:  Daily Mail SEE ALSO: Driver In Tracy Morgan Crash Indicted On Manslaughter Charges Tracy Morgan Settles Lawsuit With Walmart After Fatal Limo Crash Tracy Morgan , Walmart Also On News One: 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas 51 photos Launch gallery 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas 1. Barack gives daughter Malia a kiss Source:Getty 1 of 51 2. Michelle and Barack tell the kids a story Source:Getty 2 of 51 3. Michelle and Barack Kiss Source:Getty 3 of 51 4. Michelle and Barack Source:Getty 4 of 51 5. First Family Portrait Source:Getty 5 of 51 6. Two Terms Source:Getty 6 of 51 7. Michelle and Barack host a State Dinner Source:Getty 7 of 51 8. Barack Obama and Michelle Obama Source:Getty 8 of 51 9. Fun In The Sun Source:Instagram 9 of 51 10. The Obamas on Air Force One Source:Getty 10 of 51 11. Hawaiian Holidays Source:Instagram 11 of 51 12. The First Family in London Source:Getty 12 of 51 13. First Lady Michelle Obama with daughters Malia Obama and Sasha Obama Source:Getty 13 of 51 14. Barack & Sasha Source:Instagram 14 of 51 15. Sasha and Malia Obama at the 2016 State Dinner Source:Getty 15 of 51 16. Turkey Pardoning Source:Getty 16 of 51 17. Sunday Church Source:Getty 17 of 51 18. Gobble, Gobble Source:Getty 18 of 51 19. Obama & Sasha Source:Instagram 19 of 51 20. Malia Obama, the First Daughter Source:Getty 20 of 51 21. Barack Obama and his daughter Malia Obama Source:Getty 21 of 51 22. Team Obama Source:Instagram 22 of 51 23. A Family Affair Source:Getty 23 of 51 24. Flashback To The Old Days Source:Pete Souza 24 of 51 25. Happy Birthday! Source:Getty 25 of 51 26. Candidly Awesome Source:Pete Souza 26 of 51 27. The Obamas Family Portrait Source:Instagram 27 of 51 28. Historic First Family Source:Getty 28 of 51 29. Ice Cream Treat Source:Getty 29 of 51 30. TV Time Source:Pete Souza 30 of 51 31. Playing In The Oval Office Source:Instagram 31 of 51 32. Always Giving Back Source:Getty 32 of 51 33. A Christmas Story Source:Getty 33 of 51 34. Hawaii Trip! Source:Getty 34 of 51 35. Obama Loves Team USA & His Wife Source:Getty 35 of 51 36. Malia and Sasha Obama Source:Getty 36 of 51 37. Michelle Plays on a Bike Source:Getty 37 of 51 38. Obama Loves Team USA, His Wife & Malia Source:Getty 38 of 51 39. Reading Time Source:Pete Souza 39 of 51 40. Family Support Source:Getty 40 of 51 41. The Sister Selfie Source:Pete Souza 41 of 51 42. Supporting Mom Source:Pete Souza 42 of 51 43. Giving Back On MLK Day Source:Getty 43 of 51 44. Obamas Give Back To The Community Source:Getty 44 of 51 45. Always Supporting Small Businesses Source:Getty 45 of 51 46. Obama Swagger Source:Getty 46 of 51 47. Laughs & Turkeys Source:Getty 47 of 51 48. Growing Up In The White House Source:Instagram 48 of 51 49. Christmas With The Obamas Source:Getty 49 of 51 50. 50th Anniversary Of March On Selma Source:Pete Souza 50 of 51 51. Christmas Tree Lighting Source:Getty 51 of 51 Skip ad Continue reading Walmart Insurance Company Demands Tracy Morgan Medical Records 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas comments – Add Yours PolitickerOne Time For NAACP To Elect A Woman President 1 day ago Trump's Whitewashing Of The Civil War Is A… 1 month ago Tale Of Two Indias: Two Families Seek Justice… 3 months ago Here Is Why I'm Not Your Feminist 3 months ago View all Trending Education No Longer The Great Equalizer For Blacks Offended Mexican Businessman Rolls Out ‘Trump’ Toilet Paper Top 5 Worst NYPD Brutality Moments Tiger Woods Arrested On DUI Suspicion The 11 Most Compelling 9/11 Conspiracy Theories Get Informed! Top Ten 4 Charged In Shooting Of Minneapolis Black Lives… Welcome To The New & Improved NewsOne The Most Dangerous Religious Extremists Hail From The… Black Women Rape Victims Are Under Assault During… View All Close Sign up for our newsletter and never miss the hot stories Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit About Us Privacy Terms of Service Advertising Careers Facebook Twitter Instagram Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Add to ... By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey WASHINGTON — Reuters Published Friday, Jun. 02, 2017 1:59PM EDT Last updated Friday, Jun. 02, 2017 6:48PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>, JP Morgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> and IBM Corp <IBM.N>, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc <TSLA.O> Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co <DIS.N> CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N>, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc <PEP.N> Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc <FB.O>, Alphabet Inc <GOOGL.O> and Goldman Sachs <GS.N>. General Electric Co <GE.N> CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co <BA.N> Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP <BX.N>. Blackrock Inc <BLK.N> Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co <GM.N> said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's <F.N> new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$79.62 -0.19 (-0.24%) JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$82.64 -0.42 (-0.51%) IBM-NInternational Business Machines Corp Latest Price$152.05 -0.62 (-0.41%) Updated June 2 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Facebook, Inc. America Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. International Business Machines Corporation United States of America Donald Trump Tesla AS Paris JPMorgan Chase & Co. General Electric Company Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Arts How 'Wonder Woman' breaks from superhero norms Technology Huge Stratolaunch plane leaves hangar for fuel tests Video How the TTC hopes to reduce subway overcrowding with automatic train control News Trudeau says Canadian governments ‘won’t rest’ on opioid crisis News Trump's speech on U.S. withdrawing from Paris climate accord in 90 seconds Report on Business Barrie McKenna: Ottawa fighting back in NAFTA trade war, but at what cost? Video Police interview ex-nurse Elizabeth Wettlaufer who admitted to killing eight patients News EPA Chief Pruitt says humans do contribute to global warming News Families outline hopes for missing, murdered inquiry hearings News Video: On Toronto Islands, flooding is becoming a part of life News Clinton calls book writing 'a painful experience' News Dozens dead in attack on Philippines casino ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Garda World decries Canada’s hiring of rival firm to protect Kabul embassy Life Beloved matriarch of the Thomson family Most popular Bernier camp casts doubt on Conservative leadership vote U.S. governors, mayors defend Paris accord after Trump’s rejection Discord over the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion rattles Canada’s political landscape Trudeau urges municipal leaders to see infrastructure bank as voluntary Federalism might be our best hope in fighting climate change X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Make Save Borrow Grow Live More Deals Walmart Tests New Home-Delivery Program Krystal Steinmetz June 2, 2017 Photo by Tupungato / Shutterstock.com Walmart Tests New Home-Delivery Program 0 The next time you place a Walmart order online, it could be delivered to your front door by a Walmart associate — blue vest and all. The retail giant is testing a new delivery program that relies on paying its workers to hand-deliver packages to customers on their commute home from working at the store. Marc Lore, the president and CEO of Walmart U.S. eCommerce, writes in a company blog: Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business. Lore touts the new delivery program — which is being tested in three stores located in New Jersey and Arkansas — as a way for Walmart associates to earn extra money while driving home from work, although it’s not clear how the associates are compensated for their deliveries. According to the retail giant, participation in the delivery program is optional for its workers, although Lore says the response from its workers and customers in the test locations has been “great.” “Many orders are being delivered the next day, and associates love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” writes Lore. But Stephanie Luce, a labor professor at the City University of New York, tells The Washington Post that Walmart’s new delivery system raises a number of questions. “The practice seems ripe for abuse if the company does not compensate workers for the full cost of their journey, the expenses related to gas, car depreciation, and potential problems like accidents, tickets or parking expenses. Like other ‘gig economy’ type jobs, there is a potential to benefit workers — but in reality, most of the benefits accrue to the employer, not the employee.” Walmart’s new delivery program could help it better compete with Amazon, which has launched same-day delivery service across much of the U.S. Walmart began offering free two-day shipping on millions of items in January and also lowered its minimum purchase amount requirement for free shipping from $50 to $35. Check out “Walmart to Offer Extra Savings to Shoppers Who Pick Up Online Orders.” What do you think of Walmart using its workers to deliver packages? Sound off below or on Facebook. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,352 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit 8 Great Discounts That Begin at Age 62 You're not just getting older, life's getting better. Here are eight great offers that kick in on your 62nd birthday. 10 Hotel Chains That Offer Discounted Rates to Retirees 12 Tips for Avoiding Ridiculous Hotel Fees 10 Golden Rules to Avoid Getting Scammed 22 Budget-Friendly Ways to Entertain Kids in the Summer 6 Fabulous Ways to Save After You Turn 50 6 Ways to Get Your Official FICO Score Free Survey Sites to Turn Extra Minutes Into Extra Money Comments Walmart Tests New Home-Delivery Program Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 354,352 happy subscribers 122,615 12,179 How to Refinance Your Car Loan for Long-Haul Savings 5 Simple Ways to Save Money on Every Online Purchase The ABCs of Selecting a Medicare Supplement Plan How to Get Amazon Prime and HBO Free What You Need to Know About Buying or Selling a Timeshare Property You Can’t Be Financially Secure Without These 10 Products 7 Painless Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Years Earlier 2,086 Active Deals Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping fee, or bag free shipping on orders of $35 or more. (Larger items may incur additional shipping fees.) A couple of best bets: Pyle 9" Quad-View Video Monitor for $55.54 (low by $22) Singer Esteem II 23-Stitch Sewing Machine for $82.46 (low by $8) Walmart Warehouse Clear-Out Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup ... Read more. Updated: 16 hr 29 min ago Lowe's takes up to 40% off select appliances, grills, lighting, tools, home improvement items, and more during its Memorial Day Sale. Plus, MyLowe's members receive free shipping. (Not a member? It's free to sign up. Items over 150 lbs. incur additional surcharges.) Deal ends June 5. Lowe's Memorial Day Sale: Up to 40% off + free shipping Lowe's takes up to 40% off select appliances, grills, lighting, tools, home improvement items, and more during its Memorial Day ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 15 hr ago Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Disney Personalized Family Decal for free + free shipping Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Read more. Updated: 1 week 6 days ago At participating Jersey Mike's restaurants, buy one sub and get a second sub of equal or lesser value for free via this printable coupon. Some exclusions may apply. Click here to find a location near you. Coupon expires June 15. Jersey Mike's Subs Buy 1, get 2nd free At participating Jersey Mike's restaurants, buy one sub and get a second sub of equal or lesser value for free ... Read more. Updated: 23 hr 7 min ago That Daily Deal offers access to its June Extreme Stupid Good Deals for free. That's a $5 savings and tied with last month's mention as the best deal we could find. Through June 30, you'll receive access to exclusive rapid-fire deals, an automatic 20% discount on standard That Daily Deal and 13 Deals purchases, and free shipping on all orders. (Everything you order during this time will be shipped together during the first week of July.) Deal ends June 5. Note: Although this is a free offer, you will need to enter credit card information to get this deal. That Daily Deal June Stupid Good Deals access for free That Daily Deal offers access to its June Extreme Stupid Good Deals for free. That's a $5 savings and tied ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 11 hr ago Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items qualify for free shipping. That's tied with our January mention and is the best sale we've seen from Burberry this season. Men's jackets start at $295, women's jackets at $395, women's boots at $140 $175, and men's shoes at $195. Burberry Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 3 days ago Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, all orders bag free shipping. Versace Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 11 hr ago Udemy offers the Photoshop Beginners Mastery: Zero to Hero in Photoshop Course for $10. Coupon code "LEARN_PHOTOSHOP" makes it free. That's $20 off list, tied with our February mention, and the lowest price we could find. It includes 40 lectures. Photoshop Beginners Mastery Course for free Udemy offers the Photoshop Beginners Mastery: Zero to Hero in Photoshop Course for $10. Coupon code "LEARN_PHOTOSHOP" makes it free. ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 1 day ago Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample to arrive in six to eight weeks. Nivea Men Creme Sample for free Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 11 hr ago RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by a buck. It measures 4" x 3". Note: The countdown timer on the product page does not reflect an actual expiration time and resets daily. Also, this product ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. DIY TriFidget Spinner for $1 + free s&h from China RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 12 hr ago T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to use their phone number on any compatible Internet-connected smartwatch, tablet, or computer. Customers can get another Digits line for an additional $10 per month via AutoPay. Up to five numbers per device and up to five devices per number are supported. A qualifying plan is required. T-Mobile announces T-Mobile Digits launch T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 1 day ago Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Choose from a variety of dress shoes and loafers. Deal ends June 18. Allen Edmonds Father's Day Sale: Up to $150 off shoes + free shipping Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 5 hr ago MiniInTheBox offers the Xiaomi Noise-Cancelling In-Ear Headphones in several colors (Silver pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's $6 off and the lowest price we could find. They feature an in-line microphone. Note: Uncheck "Add Shipping Insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 49-cent fee. Xiaomi Noise-Cancelling In-Ear Headphones for $4 + free shipping MiniInTheBox offers the Xiaomi Noise-Cancelling In-Ear Headphones in several colors (Silver pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's $6 off ... Read more. Updated: 16 hr 8 min ago Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.21 with free shipping. That's tied with our March mention and the lowest price we could find today by $2. It features six LEDs, 640x480 resolution, and 30 fps recording. Note: It ships from Malaysia so allow up to six weeks for delivery. Update: Shipping is now 15 cents. 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4 + 15-cent s&h Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.21 with free shipping. That's tied with our ... Read more. Updated: 13 hr 48 min ago Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for a DVD pre-order of this feature-length movie. Further, this movie has not yet been released in theaters in North America, making it for a very unusual freebie. (It will be released in limited markets on June 30 and DVDs won't be released until July 4.) The movie features the voices of Drake Bell (Superhero Movie, "Drake and Josh"), YouTube star Justine "iJustine" Ezarik, and Jane Lynch (Glee). Deal ends June 28. Note: It's unclear if the download is in SD or HD. A Stork's Journey Digital Movie for free Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 11 hr ago It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Sign up for our free newsletter to receive our daily deals roundups by email! Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This drops the starting price of men's wallets to $52.50 $47.50, women's scarves to $97.50 $67.50, women's shoes to $82.50, and men's shoes to $97.50. Coach Summer Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 15 hr ago Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an additional 85-cent surcharge.) That's the lowest price we could find by $5. They're available in sizes 8 to 13. Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes from $13 + free shipping Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 2 hr ago Nordstrom continues to cut up to 40% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and home items as part of its Half-Yearly Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Some exclusions may apply. Sale ends June 4. Nordstrom Half-Yearly Sale: Up to 40% off + free shipping Nordstrom continues to cut up to 40% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and home items as part of ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 20 hr ago Sears takes up to 50% off select tools. Plus, select items qualify for up to 50% back in SYWR Points. Even better, select items earn an extra $10 in SYWR Points with orders of $50 or more. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge shipping charges, which start at around $4, or bag free shipping with many orders of $49 or more. (Larger items may incur additional fees or have a higher free shipping threshold.) Deal ends June 3. Tools at Sears: Up to 50% off + cash back + free shipping w/ $49 Sears takes up to 50% off select tools. Plus, select items qualify for up to 50% back in SYWR Points. ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 10 hr ago DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare at" price, and prices are as marked.) Choose in-store pickup to avoid the $7.95 shipping fee, or get free shipping on orders of $35 or more. Some exclusions may apply. Nike Shoes at DSW: 25% off + free shipping w/ $35 DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 9 hr ago Dr Hot Deal via eBay offers this Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $4.99 with free shipping. Outside of other eBay sellers, that's tied with our March mention and the lowest total price we could find by $2. Each mat measures 15.5" x 13" and is designed for use on low to medium heat. Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $5 + free shipping Dr Hot Deal via eBay offers this Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $4.99 with free shipping. Outside of other eBay ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 1 day ago Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at around $9. Discounted items include monitors, speakers, and audio components. Warranty information is provided on select product pages. Refurb & Open-Box Monoprice Electronics: Up to 50% off Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at ... Read more. Updated: May 11, 2017 MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus / 6s Plus in several colors (Black/Red pictured) for $2.49 with free shipping. (Choose "Postal Service - No Tracking" during checkout. A 50-cent small order processing fee automatically applies.) That's the lowest price we could find by $3. The spinner is removable. Click here to see it in action. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add shipping insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 99-cent fee. Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 and iPhone 6 for $2 + free s&h from China MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 2 days ago LightInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker with LEDs in several colors (Green pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's a buck under the best price we could find for a similar one elsewhere. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add Shipping Insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 49-cent fee. Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker w/ LEDs for $4 + free s&h from China LightInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker with LEDs in several colors (Green pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 3 days ago Walmart offers the Hanes Men's Jersey Shorts with Pockets in Light Steel for $3.35. Choose in-store pickup to drop that to $3.10. (Amazon charges the same price with free shipping via Subscribe & Save.) That's tied with our mention from a month ago and the lowest price we could find now by $2. They come in size M only from S to XL. Hanes Men's Jersey Shorts with Pockets for $3 + pickup at Walmart Walmart offers the Hanes Men's Jersey Shorts with Pockets in Light Steel for $3.35. Choose in-store pickup to drop that ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr 35 min ago Dick's Sporting Goods takes up to $220 off a selection of boats and accessories. Shipping starts at $60 for most boats; otherwise, it starts at $5.99, but orders of $25 or more bag free shipping. A couple of best bets, each with $90 for shipping: Pelican Stinger 100X 10-Foot Kayak for $199.98 ($150 off) Emotion Wasatch 13-Foot Canoe for $299.98 (pictured, $100 off) Boats at Dick's Sporting Goods: Up to $220 off Dick's Sporting Goods takes up to $220 off a selection of boats and accessories. Shipping starts at $60 for most ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 18 hr ago Dell Refurbished Store takes an extra 50% off its factory-refurbished Dell Latitude E6430 laptops via coupon code "SAVE50E6430". Plus, all orders receive free shipping. That beats our similar mention from last month, which didn't include free shipping, and is the best percent-off discount we've seen for these systems so far this year. Some exclusions may apply and available quantities are limited. Deal ends June 5. Note: Dell refurbished systems are covered by a 100-day Dell warranty. Refurb Dell Latitude E6430 Laptops: Extra 50% off + free shipping Dell Refurbished Store takes an extra 50% off its factory-refurbished Dell Latitude E6430 laptops via coupon code "SAVE50E6430". Plus, all ... Read more. Updated: 16 hr 6 min ago Kotula's continues to offer the Jobar 16x7-Foot Double Garage Door Screen for $24.99 with free shipping. That's tied with our mention from two weeks ago and the lowest price we could find by $11. It features a magnetic closure. Jobar 16x7-Foot Double Garage Door Screen for $25 + free shipping Kotula's continues to offer the Jobar 16x7-Foot Double Garage Door Screen for $24.99 with free shipping. That's tied with our ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 5 days ago JemJem offers the refurbished 4.5-lb. Apple MacBook Pro Intel Core i5 2.3GHz 13.3" Laptop for $349.99 with free shipping. That's $62 below last month's refurb mention and the lowest price we've seen. (It's the best deal for a refurb now by $35.) This early-2011 model features an Intel Core i5-2415M 2.3GHz Sandy Bridge dual-core processor, 13.3" 1280x800 LED-backlit LCD, 4GB RAM, 320GB hard drive, DVD burner, and Mac OS X 10.6 (Snow Leopard). Note: A 90-day JemJem warranty applies. This item comes with a non-OEM charger. Refurb MacBook Pro i5 Dual 2.3GHz 13" Laptop for $350 + free shipping JemJem offers the refurbished 4.5-lb. Apple MacBook Pro Intel Core i5 2.3GHz 13.3" Laptop for $349.99 with free shipping. That's ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 16 hr ago TomTop offers the TX3 Pro 4K 8GB Smart Android TV Box for $27.99 plus $2.65 for shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by $4, although we saw it for $2 less last week. It features an Amlogic S905X 2GHz quad-core processor, 1GB RAM, 8GB flash storage, 4K UHD and 3D support, 802.11n wireless, HDMI, USB, microSD card slot, remote control, and Android 6.0 OS (Marshmallow). Note: The countdown timer on the product page does not reflect an actual expiration time and resets daily. TX3 Pro 4K 8GB Smart Android TV Box for $28 + $3 s&h TomTop offers the TX3 Pro 4K 8GB Smart Android TV Box for $27.99 plus $2.65 for shipping. That's the lowest ... Read more. Updated: May 13, 2017 More Deals × It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,352 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit About Advertise Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah ... × Join 354,352 happy subscribers and sign up for our free newsletter! You'll get: Tips and advice from our expert money reporters. (Our average experience is 18 years!) Unexpected ways to make more and spend less, delivered to you daily. The best deals and coupons to save on everything you buy. A free PDF stuffed full of 205 ways to save and a free money course valued at $34.95! Submit 122,615 12,179
Toggle navigation Menu Home  News Local National World Politics Entertainment Sports Business Health News Tip Hotline KBNW News Team Police Scanner Weather Bend Redmond Prineville Madras Sisters Sunriver La Pine Powell Butte Culver Terrebonne Warm Springs Traffic Central Oregon Mountain Passes Road Reports Trip Check Eye on Bend Gas Prices Closures and Delays Stations KQAK-FM The Peak 104.1 95.7 FM KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM Events Upcoming Submit An Event About MCO Contact Advertise Careers Media Kit KBNW News Team Radio Stations HBG Contest Rules Walmart tests delivery service, asks employees to deliver packages on way home Alan Schein Photography(BENTONVILLE, Ark.) — Walmart is testing a delivery service in an effort to compete with its online rival Amazon. Walmart is asking its own store employees to deliver packages ordered online as they drive home from their regular shifts. The company said this is an opt-in program and workers would be paid.  More than 4,700 Walmart stores would participate, but the company is testing the program at two stores — one in New Jersey, another in Arkansas.   The announcement came a day before the company’s annual meeting. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, according to the company. Search: Central Oregon Weather Central Oregon Traffic Facebook Twitter EYE ON BEND Recent Posts Suspect accused of stealing Portland stabbing victim's wedding ring and backpack arrested Posted June 2, 2017 | National News|No Comments | | Portland Police Bureau(PORTLAND, Ore.) — A suspect has been arrested after he allegedly stole a wedding ring and backpack from one of the Portland, Oregon, stabbing victims, according to police. The Portland Police Bureau said George Elwood Continue Reading » News Local/Central Oregon News Tip Hotline Police Scanner National/World National News World News Politics Entertainment Business Sports Health Radio Stations 105.7 KQAK THE PEAK 104.1 95.7 FM News Radio KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM On Demand Podcasts Listen Live Air Personalities Dave Clemens Kendall Kit Mann Lisa Carton Connect Contact Advertise Facebook Twitter Help Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO Report ©2017 MyCentralOregon.com | Powered by WPB™. Served by InterTech Media LLC
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart CEO McMillon Outlines Vision for ‘Future of Shopping’ at Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Associates from around the world hear they remain the secret to Walmart’s success FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (June 2, 2017) – Today at Walmart’s 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology to empower associates and improve the customer experience. Digital Press Kit Download high res photos and view executive speeches “Together, we’re building a new Walmart,” McMillon told more than 14,000 associates from across the U.S. and around the world in Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Serving Customers in a Changing Retail Environment In outlining a vision for the future, McMillon said Walmart will stay ahead of changes by providing the best prices and great merchandise, while saving customers time and creating a fast, easy and enjoyable shopping experience. “We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. This week, Walmart announced the company has recently begun a trial that enables store associates to deliver store items to customers in a new way to improve “last mile” delivery. The trial, which is early in development, pays participating store associates to deliver customer packages on their existing commute home from work, substantially increasing the retailer’s reach into suburban and rural communities. McMillon noted other tests that will empower and benefit customers. They include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. McMillon went on to highlight initiatives helping to drive company results by creating a better working experience for associates and shopping experience for customers. They include: Free two-day shipping on more than two million items, with no membership fee; A discount for customers picking up online orders in stores; Grocery pickup in many markets around the world and delivery from stores in some; Jet Fresh delivery, which provides delivery of fresh groceries to the home in 1-2 days and is now available to half of the U.S. population and growing. Driving Success Through Associates McMillon struck an optimistic tone about the future of work and technology, encouraging the company’s 2.3 million worldwide associates to “be lifelong learners.” While investments are being made in technology, he stressed that people remain central to Walmart’s business. “The secret to our success will always be our people – it will be us,” he said, highlighting Walmart’s commitment to train and equip workers with the tools and skills they need. “I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together,” he said. While Walmart will always be a place where associates can learn to run a store or lead a distribution center, McMillon went on to say the company is creating jobs in new areas, including data scientists, machine-learning engineers and mobile app developers. “More than ever, Walmart will be a ladder of opportunity.” A Trusted Retailer Making a Difference Around the World McMillon spoke about the company’s role in serving communities. “Customers have always trusted us for our low prices, but they also want to know that the products they buy are good for their families, the planet and the people that made them,” he said. McMillon pointed to ways Walmart gives back to communities, including programs to source $20 billion from women-owned businesses – a goal that was met last year – and to source $250 billion in products that support American jobs over a 10-year period. He also highlighted projects to source more local and sustainable products and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the company’s supply chain by one gigaton by 2030, praising Walmart’s suppliers as allies in this work. “Our world is increasingly transparent and we’re out to earn trust,” he said. “When people shine a light on Walmart and see our decisions – the jobs we create, the activities in our supply chain – we want them to like what they see.” For more information on Walmart’s Shareholders’ Meeting or to watch a replay of the event, please visit WalmartShareholders.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Veterans 360 Inc. Launches the First Transition Support Smartphone Application Next PostNext Global Cement System Emulsion Sales Market by Product Types, Application and Growth Forecasts to 2021 Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart CEO McMillon Outlines Vision for ‘Future of Shopping’ at Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Associates from around the world hear they remain the secret to Walmart’s success FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (June 2, 2017) – Today at Walmart’s 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology to empower associates and improve the customer experience. Digital Press Kit Download high res photos and view executive speeches “Together, we’re building a new Walmart,” McMillon told more than 14,000 associates from across the U.S. and around the world in Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Serving Customers in a Changing Retail Environment In outlining a vision for the future, McMillon said Walmart will stay ahead of changes by providing the best prices and great merchandise, while saving customers time and creating a fast, easy and enjoyable shopping experience. “We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. This week, Walmart announced the company has recently begun a trial that enables store associates to deliver store items to customers in a new way to improve “last mile” delivery. The trial, which is early in development, pays participating store associates to deliver customer packages on their existing commute home from work, substantially increasing the retailer’s reach into suburban and rural communities. McMillon noted other tests that will empower and benefit customers. They include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. McMillon went on to highlight initiatives helping to drive company results by creating a better working experience for associates and shopping experience for customers. They include: Free two-day shipping on more than two million items, with no membership fee; A discount for customers picking up online orders in stores; Grocery pickup in many markets around the world and delivery from stores in some; Jet Fresh delivery, which provides delivery of fresh groceries to the home in 1-2 days and is now available to half of the U.S. population and growing. Driving Success Through Associates McMillon struck an optimistic tone about the future of work and technology, encouraging the company’s 2.3 million worldwide associates to “be lifelong learners.” While investments are being made in technology, he stressed that people remain central to Walmart’s business. “The secret to our success will always be our people – it will be us,” he said, highlighting Walmart’s commitment to train and equip workers with the tools and skills they need. “I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together,” he said. While Walmart will always be a place where associates can learn to run a store or lead a distribution center, McMillon went on to say the company is creating jobs in new areas, including data scientists, machine-learning engineers and mobile app developers. “More than ever, Walmart will be a ladder of opportunity.” A Trusted Retailer Making a Difference Around the World McMillon spoke about the company’s role in serving communities. “Customers have always trusted us for our low prices, but they also want to know that the products they buy are good for their families, the planet and the people that made them,” he said. McMillon pointed to ways Walmart gives back to communities, including programs to source $20 billion from women-owned businesses – a goal that was met last year – and to source $250 billion in products that support American jobs over a 10-year period. He also highlighted projects to source more local and sustainable products and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the company’s supply chain by one gigaton by 2030, praising Walmart’s suppliers as allies in this work. “Our world is increasingly transparent and we’re out to earn trust,” he said. “When people shine a light on Walmart and see our decisions – the jobs we create, the activities in our supply chain – we want them to like what they see.” For more information on Walmart’s Shareholders’ Meeting or to watch a replay of the event, please visit WalmartShareholders.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Veterans 360 Inc. Launches the First Transition Support Smartphone Application Next PostNext Global Cement System Emulsion Sales Market by Product Types, Application and Growth Forecasts to 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Semen Analysis Market 2017: Business Development Analysis Global Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities Market estimated to grow with high CAGR in new Research Report 2017 The global bio-fertilizers market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of +13% for the next five years 17th Annual Chip Camp Includes a New Focus on Virtual Reality for 2017 Global Web-based Real-time Communication Market By Technological Development, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Power of 9 Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Sports Headlines LSU earns 3rd straight WCWS trip SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators The Investigators: Caught Red Handed: Inmate escapes caught on surveillance The Investigators: Misuse of Position? Mayor accused of escorting people into town hall, helping them vote WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Take A Road Trip Best of the Class: 2017 Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages 2017-06-02T21:07:43Z2017-06-02T21:10:58Z By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) - Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted ideas Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also put money into its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites as it seeks to compete better with Amazon. The gathering - part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting - comes as the retail industry has been challenged by shoppers moving online. McMillon and other executives also noted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience. He added that workers shouldn't fear increasing automation in the industry. "No doubt our work will be different in the future -robots, drones and algorithms will do some work that we used to have to do," he continued. "Some people are afraid of what these changes will bring. I don't think we should be. Instead, I think we should recognize that we'll be able to learn, grow and change together." A report conducted by the Cornerstone Capital Group commissioned by the Investor Responsibility Research Center Institute, says that 6 million to 7.5 million U.S. retail jobs could be wiped out in the coming years because of the use of technology. In a briefing with reporters, McMillon did suggest that the company may have reached an employment peak, with 1.6 million workers. "We may end up over time with fewer people, paying them more and have them use more technology," he said. But when or if that would happen is "to be determined." Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. But executives told shareholders they shouldn't remain comfortable in a fiercely competitive world. The company's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services, and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the eleventh straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the tenth quarter in a row. The mood at the meeting was upbeat, despite the overall struggles of the retail industry. About 14,000 people packed the arena including Wal-Mart workers from around the world. Performers included Gwen Stefani and Mary J. Blige, while Blake Shelton served as host. McMillon cited the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in 1-2 days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Walmart had announced on Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart has invested $2.7 billion in higher wages and training for workers to lower turnover and make the shopping experience more appealing. The company has opened 155 training academies, located at Supercenters, and plans to have 200 by the end of this year. Roughly 100,000 associates have been trained. "I'm really excited about the environment that we're creating for people to learn," McMillon told reporters. The company spent more than $3 billion for Jet.com last year in its bid to lure younger and more affluent customers. With Jet.com founder Marc Lore installed as head of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, it bought ShoeBuy.com, outdoor gear seller and MooseJaw and trend clothing seller ModCloth. It's also implemented options like letting online shoppers pick up items at a store for a lower price, and revamped its shipping program to make it more competitive with Amazon's popular Prime plan. McMillon tweaked the online giant for calling its shipping "free," given that Prime members pay $99 a year for the benefit. "I don't think you should have to pay for free shipping," he said. Walmart's financial performance has stood out amid a largely gloomy environment for retailers. Its shares have risen 13 percent over the past year and are hovering close to $80. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Walmart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. The comments, both from members of the OUR Walmart worker group, prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, South Carolina, thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, North Carolina, urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Jeff Gearhart, executive vice president of global governance, said that last year Walmart converted 150,000 part timers to full-time work. And 200,000 were promoted to positions of greater pay or more responsibility. ___ D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Chicago, Trump administration have draft police reform deal Chicago, Trump administration have draft police reform deal Posted: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:58 GMT Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:58 GMT Two Chicago newspapers are reporting the city has proposed to the U.S. Justice Department that its police department be overseen by an independent monitor.More >> Two Chicago newspapers are reporting the city has proposed to the U.S. Justice Department that its police department be overseen by an independent monitor.More >> 3rd worker found dead after blast at Wisconsin corn mill 3rd worker found dead after blast at Wisconsin corn mill Posted: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:56 GMT Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:56 GMT Crews have recovered the body of a third worker from the ruins of a corn mill in southern Wisconsin, two days after an explosion at the facility.More >> Crews have recovered the body of a third worker from the ruins of a corn mill in southern Wisconsin, two days after an explosion at the facility.More >> Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn't cause death Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn't cause death Posted: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:51 GMT Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:51 GMT Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell had drugs in his body, including an anti-anxiety medication, but they didn't contribute to his death. (Source: Photo by Casey Curry/Invision/AP) Autopsy reports show Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell had sedatives and other drugs in his system on the night he died by hanging himself in his Detroit hotel room. More >> Autopsy reports show Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell had sedatives and other drugs in his system on the night he died by hanging himself in his Detroit hotel room.More >> 3 ex-Penn State officials sent to jail in Sandusky scandal 3 ex-Penn State officials sent to jail in Sandusky scandal Posted: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:49 GMT Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:49 GMT Ex-Penn State President Graham Spanier and two other one-time school administrators are heading to court to be sentenced for child endangerment for failing to report Jerry Sandusky to authorities in 2001.More >> Ex-Penn State President Graham Spanier and two other one-time school administrators are heading to court to be sentenced for child endangerment for failing to report Jerry Sandusky to authorities in 2001.More >> Press groups urge congressional probe on assault of reporter Press groups urge congressional probe on assault of reporter Posted: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:45 GMT Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:45 GMT A coalition of press groups is asking Congress to consider disciplinary action against Montana's newly elected congressman, Greg Gianforte, who is accused of throwing a reporter to the ground during a confrontation...More >> A coalition of press groups is asking Congress to consider disciplinary action against Montana's newly elected congressman, Greg Gianforte, who is accused of throwing a reporter to the ground during a confrontation a day before the election.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay Trump pulls US from global warming accord, to allies' dismay President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> President Donald Trump says he is withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement, striking a major blow to world-wide efforts to combat climate change and alienating the country from its allies abroad.More >> Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord Outlining options of U.S. involvement in Paris climate accord President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoon More >> President Donald Trump says he will announce his decision on whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord during a Rose Garden event Thursday afternoonMore >> Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police release Tiger Woods' DUI arrest video Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrest More >> Police in Florida have released video of Tiger Woods' DUI arrestMore >> Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Shulkin stresses 'lot of work to do' to fix beleaguered VA Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues. More >> Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has issued a "State of the VA" report and says President Donald Trump "deeply engaged" on veteran issues.More >> Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Police: Physician arrested at Trump hotel in DC with 2 guns Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Authorities say a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks has been arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in his carMore >> Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia. More >> A top communications aide to President Donald Trump is exiting the White House as the embattled president considers a broader staffing shake-up amid rising anxieties over the investigation into his campaign's ties to Russia.More >> Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digs More >> If home is where you hang your hat, Kangol is struggling to afford its pricey new US digsMore >> Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts Nancy Pelosi says Trump should respect others, honor facts U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to facts More >> U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi says President Donald Trump should channel more of his White House predecessors by respecting other people's points of view and adhering to factsMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Ricke receives lectureship award, discusses salmonella research Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May Wal-Mart execs say company doing well, but ‘tectonic changes in retail’ require more work C. Lowry Barnes invested as endowed chair of orthopaedic surgery at UAMS Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May Fort Smith Schools Superintendent gets one-year contract extension, millage vote will not happen in 2017 Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate Fort Smith acknowledges improperly claimed waste recycling credits to ADEQ Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith Schools Superintendent gets one-year contract extension, millage vote will not happen in 2017 Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate Fort Smith acknowledges improperly claimed waste recycling credits to ADEQ Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul U.S. Rep. Hill focused on financing secrecy in oversight role Rep. Collins thinks gun policy right where it needs to be, Rep. Blake wants more exemptions Lt. Gov. Tim Griffin says Special Counsel on Russia not a ‘witch hunt’ Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart execs say company doing well, but ‘tectonic changes in retail’ require more work BusinessLatest NewsRetail by Michael Tilley (mtilley@talkbusiness.net) 14 hours ago 151 views  Tags: Wal-Mart shareholder meeting 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs addresses the audience at the company's 47th annual shareholders' meeting. Thousands of Wal-Mart employees, shareholders, curious capitalists, shiny celebrities, and a few constant critics gathered Friday morning in Fayetteville, Arkansas, for the now popular and predictable annual meeting. It contains, arguably, an element of televangelism, with the call to Christ replaced by the celebration of commerce. With country music star and The Voice judge Blake Shelton serving as host, several Wal-Mart executives and employees made the case that the world’s largest retailer is on the right track as they work to grow a business that now boasts 260 million customers a week at stores in 28 countries. To be sure, it’s been a good year financially for Wal-Mart Stores, even with much of the retail sector reporting declines in store traffic and revenue. The first quarter earnings report was better than equity analysts expected, even with net income down by 1.3% to $3.039 billion. The $1 net income per share beat the consensus estimate of 96 cents per share. Revenue was slightly less than analysts expected as Wal-Mart reported top line sales of $117.5 billion compared to the consensus of $117.7 billion. That said, revenue grew 1.4% from the $115.904 billion in the year-ago quarter. Some deflationary pricing and foreign currency exchange rates drove down revenue by roughly $1.3 billion in the quarter. There were more things going right for Wal-Mart in the quarter with comparable store sales growth of 1.4% in U.S. stores and a 1.5% jump in same-store traffic. This marks the 10th consecutive quarter of positive comp traffic for the retail giant. On a two-year stacked basis, comp traffic is up 3%. Comp sales have been up for the past 11 quarters behind improved U.S. store results. Barron’s contributor Vito Racanelli puts Wal-Mart on a short list of those surviving against the onslaught of Amazon. Gordon Haskett Research Advisors recently initiated coverage of Wal-Mart one week ahead of earnings. The analyst rated the stock a “buy” with an aggressive one-year target price of $90. “We’ve long been critical on Wal-Mart after years of under-investing and a lack of focus on its U.S. segment. However, this is not your father’s Wal-Mart anymore,” noted Chuck Grom, senior analyst with Gordon Haskett. He said on the back end of $6 billion of investments to improve e-commerce capabilities and shopping convenience to more customers, Wal-Mart looks primed to regain its productivity loop momentum with traffic already bouncing back. Grom said it’s easier to keep positive momentum than to get it. “Equally important, Wal-Mart is not backing down against Amazon,” Grom said. “Instead, it’s building a digital ecosystem that should have tangible benefits across the enterprise. We think the stock is a prime candidate to be re-rated higher given both of the aforementioned factors.” ‘TECTONIC CHANGES’ Wal-Mart Board Chairman Greg Penner told the audience of more than 14,000 that the momentum is something on which the company should build. “At Wal-Mart, we have a lot to celebrate right now,” Penner said, but stressed “that doesn’t mean we can get comfortable” because there are “tectonic changes in retail.” After a video showing Wal-Mart co-founder Sam Walton encouraging the company to look for and promote “mavericks” who challenge the system, Penner said the company must continue to seek those eager to push for new ideas and innovations. He said managing mavericks and constantly seeking change is a “harder and more strenuous” path, but it will “lead to the future of retail.” What has also been difficult is the approximately $2.7 billion spent in the past few years by the company to hire more people, boost pay and support more training. Much of the money has been spent on e-commerce investments as Wal-Mart struggles to compete with online retail giant Amazon. Wal-Mart has partially invested in boosting its retail category expertise with acquisitions of online specialty retailers like Jet.com, Moosejaw, ShoeBuy and ModCLoth. Men’s clothier Bonobos is rumored to be the next deal and could cost Wal-Mart at least $300 million. The specialty online retailer sells items that range in price between $100 and $1,000, significantly higher than apparel sold in Walmart U.S. stores. But to continue to support the investments, Chief Financial Officer Brett Biggs said the company must also focus on cutting expenses. Expenses as a percentage of sales have grown in the past few years, he said. He said a 1% overall expense reduction could add $1 billion to company’s bottom line. ‘A NEW WALMART’ Using the parts of a song as his theme, Wal-Mart Stores President and CEO Doug McMillon said the company must continue to focus on delivering results, creating “shared value,” better serving customers, and taking care of employees. “Together we’re building a new Wal-Mart,” McMillon said. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Changes touted by McMillon included: • Free two-day shipping on more than 2 million online items; • Discounts for customers picking up online orders in stores; and • Grocery pickup in many global markets and delivery from stores in some markets. McMillon said the company will continue to experiment and invent. Some of the experiments according to Wal-Mart, include “digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, and robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation.” “We have started to invent the future of shopping again. We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. WAL-MART CRITICS It wasn’t all sunshine and rainbows at the meeting. Organization United for Respect (OUR) Walmart, a union-funded group, challenged Wal-Mart on its claims of better pay, environmental stewardship and employee benefits. “Through OUR Walmart, associates are directly challenging the corporation to live up to their PR on ‘investing in associates,’ becoming ‘environmentally sustainable’ and being ‘truthful and transparent,’”Andrea Dehlendorf, co-director of OUR, noted in a statement. “Living up to these promises are easily within reach for the nation’s largest corporate employer and the billionaire Walton heirs who control half of the company, but require deep change.” Following were the shareholder proposals presented by OUR Walmart. Janie Grice, a Walmart U.S. employee from Marion, S.C., asked shareholders to support a resolution calling on the company to report on how people of color are concentrated in less stable, lower-paying part time positions, and if race is a factor in hiring and promotion decisions. Carolyn Davis, a member of OUR Walmart, spoke in support of a shareholder resolution requesting that at least one Wal-Mart Board member nominee have environmental expertise. “Walmart made big promises to become one of the most environmentally sustainable retailers, but Walmart’s greenhouse gas emissions – that directly cause climate change – are not decreasing, they are increasing. That’s got to change,” Davis said in her statement. OUR Walmart also called for paid leave and sick time policies for hourly employees that mirror those for executives. “Women who work at Walmart are challenging the company to create policies that ensure the hundreds of thousands of parents working at Walmart can be there for their families, provide for their needs, and get a foothold toward economic stability,” OUR Walmart noted in a statement. Entertainers at the event were The Band Perry, Ne-Yo, Rachel Platten, Mary J. Blige and Gwen Stefani. Talk Business & Politics Senior Analyst Kim Souza contributed to this report. Comments comments Previous post C. Lowry Barnes invested as endowed chair of orthopaedic surgery at UAMS Next post Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Latest Popular Ricke receives lectureship award, discusses salmonella research 11 hours ago Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May 13 hours ago Wal-Mart execs say company doing well, but ‘tectonic changes in retail’ require more work 14 hours ago C. Lowry Barnes invested as endowed chair of orthopaedic surgery at UAMS 16 hours ago Fort Smith Schools Superintendent gets one-year contract extension, millage vote will not happen in 2017 19 hours ago Annual meeting entertainment rooted in Sam Walton’s desire for a good time 2,100 views Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers 1,889 views The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks 1,553 views Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty 1,200 views Ernest Hemingway’s refuge in Northeast Arkansas continues to attract visitors 1,154 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Are the NewFronts Pointless? The NewFronts imitate TV’s annual upfronts marketplace, but digital video still isn’t bought the way TV is. Why are we doing this? Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Don't Miss TV Upfronts Video Cannes Lions Digital Trouble A.I. Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Meme of the Week: The Final Word (Please?) on Covfefe 5 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Samsung, Verizon, Audi and More 6 hours ago Array 0 With #WearOrange, Huge Doubles Down on Gun Safety Messaging By Lindsay Stein - 8 hours ago Array 0 Walmart Brings Back Old Brands Like Zima and Oreo O's By Jack Neff - 8 hours ago Array 0 And Here's the View From Paris ... By Simon Dumenco - 9 hours ago Array 0 Video: The Final Word (Please?) on Covfefe 5 hours ago 0 With #WearOrange, Huge Doubles Down on Gun Safety Messaging By Lindsay Stein - 8 hours ago 0 Adidas Lights Up Pogba, Messi, Suarez and Firmino in This Trippy Animated Tribute By Alexandra Jardine - 12 hours ago 0 And Here's the View From Paris ... By Simon Dumenco - 9 hours ago 0 Before You Put Your Ad Business Up for a Pitch, Read This By Mark Wnek - 21 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Walmart Brings Back Old Brands Like Zima and Oreo O's By Jack Neff. Published on June 02, 2017. Credit: MillerCoors/YouTube Anyone feeling nostalgic about Zima or Oreo O's can thank Walmart for their comeback. The giant retailer is convinced these old brands have lingering appeal and prodded their owners to bring them back. Walmart has stepped up investments in its own private labels the past two years. But its growing product-development effort also includes getting branded suppliers to launch – more accurately relaunch – products. That's turned the world's biggest retailer into a nostalgia broker lately. Walmart's cereal buyer discovered a trend around indulgent cereals, especially as late-night snacks, as well as enduring social-media nostalgia Oreo O's, first launched in 1998 but discontinued in 2005, said Megan Crozier, senior VP-packaged goods, during a tour of Walmart's Culinary & Innovation Center next to global headquarters in Bentonville on Thursday. Related Stories Remember Zima? Clear Malt Beverage Is Poised for Comeback So the buyer went to Mondelez, owner of Oreos, and cereal maker Post, and told them: "You need to bring this back. But this time we need you to do it better than ever," Crozier said. The buyer "worked with the suppliers very closely on reformulating it and making the product even better." The result was relaunch of Oreo O's this week, starting for 90 days exclusively at Walmart, Crozier said. It's a similar story with Zima, originally launched in the early 1990s and discontinued in 2009. Oreos Cereal Credit: Post Consumer Brands "We were talking through consumer insights, and we hit on this notion that people want things that are nostalgic, things from their past that remind them of a better part of their life," said Al Dominguez, senior VP-snacks, beverage and impulse. "So we worked with our partners at MillerCoors to generate this idea, really talk them into it and convince them." Zima isn't a Walmart exclusive, but "we tried to buy as much from MillerCoors as they would allow us to buy" said Dominguez, who believes he's bought about half the limited edition of Zima hitting stores now. Walmart also heard from customers about how they liked to flavor Zima by dropping Jolly Ranchers candy into it. So the retailer will co-market the brands on social media, he said. MillerCoors does not plan to follow Walmart's lead on the co-branding; marketing a candy and alcoholic beverage together has the potential to raise age concerns. "MillerCoors has no plans to market these brands together, on social media or otherwise," a company spokesman said. "The company always encourages responsible consumption of our products and has exhibited a long-standing commitment to responsibly marketing our beers only to those 21 and older." Hershey, which sells Jolly Rancher, also said it was not involved in Walmart's plans. "We are not involved in these specific retailer marketing efforts," a representative said. "We often see retailers coming up with creative ways to merchandise and market brands that are inspired by consumer ideas, from both the past and present. This shows how relevant and popular our Jolly Rancher brand continues to be." The nostalgia appeal plays out in some of Walmart's recent advertising playing off old rock anthems, too. But Walmart's stepped-up product development effort isn't all about nostalgia or other people's brands. Executives from Chief Merchandising Officer Steve Bratspies on down went to great lengths to highlight increased emphasis on quality as well as price, including extensive testing that goes into Walmart's bargain-priced sportswear and towels. This includes "democratizing" organic foods through lower prices, such as with new organic applesauce pouches. Latriece Watkins, senior VP-consumables and over-the-counter, showcased private-label products aimed not just at the biggest mass brands, but also emerging players such as Johnson & Johnson's OTX and L'Oreal USA's Matrix salon brand.Walmart has significantly staffed up product development in its baby-care business in the past 18 months, executives said, focusing on everything from pouch meals to baby wipes and strollers, with products priced 25% to 50% below branded rivals. But Walmart's effort isn't all about knockoffs either. Its own Flower and Hard Candy cosmetics are big sellers, Watkins said. And Great Value is rolling out 28 new flavors of ice cream, more than doubling its assortment to 49 including category-original names like "Break-Up Brownie." "Aspirational products at disruptive prices" was how Scott McCall, senior VP-home and seasonal, described Walmart's product-development effort. This includes a Keurig K-Cup coffee maker hitting stores now priced at $59 -- $30 or more below prices elsewhere -- and Yankee Candles priced around $10 less than what they sell for elsewhere. In this article: Alcoholic Beverages Beauty/Fashion Beverages CMO Strategy CPG Packaged Food Research Social Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart CEO McMillon Outlines Vision for ‘Future of Shopping’ at Annual Shareholders’ Meeting FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Today at Walmart’s 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology to empower associates and improve the customer experience. “Together, we’re building a new Walmart,” McMillon told more than 14,000 associates from across the U.S. and around the world in Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Serving Customers in a Changing Retail Environment In outlining a vision for the future, McMillon said Walmart will stay ahead of changes by providing the best prices and great merchandise, while saving customers time and creating a fast, easy and enjoyable shopping experience. “We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. This week, Walmart announced the company has recently begun a trial that enables store associates to deliver store items to customers in a new way to improve “last mile” delivery. The trial, which is early in development, pays participating store associates to deliver customer packages on their existing commute home from work, substantially increasing the retailer’s reach into suburban and rural communities. McMillon noted other tests that will empower and benefit customers. They include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. McMillon went on to highlight initiatives helping to drive company results by creating a better working experience for associates and shopping experience for customers. They include: Free two-day shipping on more than two million items, with no membership fee; A discount for customers picking up online orders in stores; Grocery pickup in many markets around the world and delivery from stores in some; Jet Fresh delivery, which provides delivery of fresh groceries to the home in 1-2 days and is now available to half of the U.S. population and growing. Driving Success Through Associates McMillon struck an optimistic tone about the future of work and technology, encouraging the company’s 2.3 million worldwide associates to “be lifelong learners.” While investments are being made in technology, he stressed that people remain central to Walmart’s business. “The secret to our success will always be our people – it will be us,” he said, highlighting Walmart’s commitment to train and equip workers with the tools and skills they need. “I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together,” he said. While Walmart will always be a place where associates can learn to run a store or lead a distribution center, McMillon went on to say the company is creating jobs in new areas, including data scientists, machine-learning engineers and mobile app developers. “More than ever, Walmart will be a ladder of opportunity.” A Trusted Retailer Making a Difference Around the World McMillon spoke about the company’s role in serving communities. “Customers have always trusted us for our low prices, but they also want to know that the products they buy are good for their families, the planet and the people that made them,” he said. McMillon pointed to ways Walmart gives back to communities, including programs to source $20 billion from women-owned businesses – a goal that was met last year – and to source $250 billion in products that support American jobs over a 10-year period. He also highlighted projects to source more local and sustainable products and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the company’s supply chain by one gigaton by 2030, praising Walmart’s suppliers as allies in this work. “Our world is increasingly transparent and we’re out to earn trust,” he said. “When people shine a light on Walmart and see our decisions – the jobs we create, the activities in our supply chain – we want them to like what they see.” For more information on Walmart’s Shareholders’ Meeting or to watch a replay of the event, please visit WalmartShareholders.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la négociation – GBR, MTB Next PostNext Xtreme Drilling Corp. Announces Preliminary Results of Substantial Issuer Bid Search Recent Posts Global Semen Analysis Market 2017: Business Development Analysis Global Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities Market estimated to grow with high CAGR in new Research Report 2017 The global bio-fertilizers market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of +13% for the next five years 17th Annual Chip Camp Includes a New Focus on Virtual Reality for 2017 Global Web-based Real-time Communication Market By Technological Development, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress

Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 1:14 A.M. ET Updated What Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement means for your wallet 1:14 A.M. ET Updated When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen 1:13 A.M. ET Updated Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 1:13 A.M. ET Updated How to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own life and home 6/02 This is your brain on stocks 6/02 Updated Why workers aren’t getting bigger paychecks despite sizzling jobs market 6/02 Updated No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America 6/02 Updated Blue Apron: 5 things to know as the $2 billion startup goes public 6/02 Trump weighing whether to block Comey testimony to Senate 6/02 ​Where Do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ 6/02 Updated Retail carnage continues as sector loses jobs for fourth straight month 6/02 Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors 6/02 Updated Will Tesla suffer a reprisal after Musk quit Trump’s councils over the Paris climate accord? 6/02 RH may be taking a step back, but it’s setting itself up to compete with Amazon 6/02 Updated An industry icon explains how Enron’s fall sparked the ETF explosion 6/02 ETF pioneer explains what’s ahead for industry after $4 trillion boom 6/02 Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade 6/02 Updated Trump Today: President mum on blocking Comey testimony as Russia hearing nears 6/02 5 top airline booking mistakes and how to harness solar power without solar panels 6/02 Updated Stock market closes at records as tech leads gains Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Walmart CEO McMillon Outlines Vision for ‘Future of Shopping’ at Annual Shareholders’ Meeting By Published: June 2, 2017 12:10 p.m. ET Share Associates from around the world hear they remain the secret to Walmart’s success FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., Jun 02, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Today at Walmart’s 47 [th] Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology to empower associates and improve the customer experience. “Together, we’re building a new Walmart,” McMillon told more than 14,000 associates from across the U.S. and around the world in Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Serving Customers in a Changing Retail Environment In outlining a vision for the future, McMillon said Walmart will stay ahead of changes by providing the best prices and great merchandise, while saving customers time and creating a fast, easy and enjoyable shopping experience. “We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. This week, Walmart announced the company has recently begun a trial that enables store associates to deliver store items to customers in a new way to improve “last mile” delivery. The trial, which is early in development, pays participating store associates to deliver customer packages on their existing commute home from work, substantially increasing the retailer’s reach into suburban and rural communities. McMillon noted other tests that will empower and benefit customers. They include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. McMillon went on to highlight initiatives helping to drive company results by creating a better working experience for associates and shopping experience for customers. They include: Free two-day shipping on more than two million items, with no membership fee; A discount for customers picking up online orders in stores; Grocery pickup in many markets around the world and delivery from stores in some; Jet Fresh delivery, which provides delivery of fresh groceries to the home in 1-2 days and is now available to half of the U.S. population and growing. Driving Success Through Associates McMillon struck an optimistic tone about the future of work and technology, encouraging the company’s 2.3 million worldwide associates to “be lifelong learners.” While investments are being made in technology, he stressed that people remain central to Walmart’s business. “The secret to our success will always be our people – it will be us,” he said, highlighting Walmart’s commitment to train and equip workers with the tools and skills they need. “I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together,” he said. While Walmart will always be a place where associates can learn to run a store or lead a distribution center, McMillon went on to say the company is creating jobs in new areas, including data scientists, machine-learning engineers and mobile app developers. “More than ever, Walmart will be a ladder of opportunity.” A Trusted Retailer Making a Difference Around the World McMillon spoke about the company’s role in serving communities.“Customers have always trusted us for our low prices, but they also want to know that the products they buy are good for their families, the planet and the people that made them,” he said. McMillon pointed to ways Walmart gives back to communities, including programs to source $20 billion from women-owned businesses – a goal that was met last year – and to source $250 billion in products that support American jobs over a 10-year period. He also highlighted projects to source more local and sustainable products and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the company’s supply chain by one gigaton by 2030, praising Walmart’s suppliers as allies in this work. “Our world is increasingly transparent and we’re out to earn trust,” he said. “When people shine a light on Walmart and see our decisions – the jobs we create, the activities in our supply chain – we want them to like what they see.” For more information on Walmart’s Shareholders’ Meeting or to watch a replay of the event, please visit WalmartShareholders.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. WMT, -0.24% helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170602005650/en/ SOURCE: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.Media Relations Contact: Randy Hargrove, 800-331-0085 Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage This is the most recommended U.S. stock Two professors finally unearth Obama ‘corruption’ This chart spells out in black and white just how many jobs will be lost to robots Quote References WMT -0.19 -0.24% Most Popular Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Two professors finally unearth Obama ‘corruption’ Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America WSJ Privacy Test: Who Can See Your Personal Data? MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $79.62 -0.19 (-0.24%) Volume 7.8M Open $79.80 High $79.93 Low $79.22 P/E Ratio 18.05 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap 241.9B
Obituaries Local News Boise State Sports Idaho Politics 64° Full Menu 64° Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Boise West Ada Canyon County Crime State News Nation/World News Databases Education Environment Idahoans in the Military Weather Traffic Helping Works In the Classroom Our Community Sports Sports Boise State Football Boise State Basketball Idaho Vandals High Schools Boise Hawks Idaho Steelheads Idaho Stampede Bronco Beat Extra Points Varsity Extra Blog NFL NBA NHL MLB Golf Politics Idaho Politics Elections Government and Business Capitol & State Letters from the West National Politics Business Business Business Insider Business Columns & Blogs Personal Finance Legal Notices Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Reader's Opinion Submit a Letter or Opinion Robert Ehlert Entertainment Entertainment Events Calendar Restaurant Reviews Arts and Culture Festivals Movie Reviews Movie Showtimes Music Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Puzzles Words & Deeds ArtsBeat Outdoors Outdoors Playing Outdoors Blog Biking Camping Fishing Hiking and Trails Hunting Winter Recreation Living Living Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Treasure Pets Religion Travel Best of Treasure Valley Heart of the Treasure Valley Margaret Lauterbach Tim Woodward Carolyn Hax Obituaries Shopping Contests Promotions Advertise Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:10 Secretaries Zinke and Perdue visit Idaho Pause 1:24 Alleged bike thief describes his crimes in Facebook Live rant as he pedals down I-84 0:19 Ford Bronco almost, but doesn't quite make it across Boise County's Grimes Creek 1:09 Is Idaho too great for hate? Leaders say it is 1:41 Myths about drowning, tips to keep your kids safe around water 2:10 Fly over the aftermath of the 2016 Pioneer Fire 5:11 Bow Wow — ‘the ‘Cheers’ of auto parts’ — to close its doors after 45 years 1:56 Boise veterans and Boy Scouts honor veterans at Morris Hill Cemetery on Memorial Day 2:03 Displaced veterans rejoin the ranks at Idaho cemetery 1:12 Here come property assessments Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email An alleged bike thief was caught by police after posting about his crimes on a Facebook Live video, where he can be seen pedaling a bicycle down Interstate 84 near Mountain Home. In the 21-minute, expletive-laden video, he talks about running away from the police and eluding capture. Facebook/Jason Granger An alleged bike thief was caught by police after posting about his crimes on a Facebook Live video, where he can be seen pedaling a bicycle down Interstate 84 near Mountain Home. In the 21-minute, expletive-laden video, he talks about running away from the police and eluding capture. Facebook/Jason Granger Local June 02, 2017 10:14 AM Walmart robbery suspect taunts police on Facebook Live, pedaling bike down interstate By Katy Moeller and Nicole Blanchard kmoeller@idahostatesman.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A 32-year-old Michigan man tried to rob the Mountain Home Walmart on Thursday morning, and police say they now have him in custody, thanks to a video posted on social media. Mountain Home police were called to the Walmart at 11:30 a.m. Thursday for a report of threats to a customer. A man later identified as Jason Granger demanded money and displayed a holster in his waistband, police said. The man, described as having red hair and a beard, was wearing blue jeans. He fled with an unspecified amount of cash on a bicycle later found to be stolen from a local church. His live broadcast may have given him away. “Investigation found a live video on Facebook from him narrating his traveling on Interstate 84,” according to a news release from Mountain Home Police Friday morning. Granger appears to reference the police interest early in the video: “You [expletive] cops can’t catch me. Like my new wheels, guys? Isn’t that a sweet bike? I’m still running from any cop I come across. Catch me if you can.” And later, in regards to the bike he was riding: “Compliments of the [expletive] community center I [expletive] robbed it from. It was a pretty cool community center. ... In fact, I might go back and take some more [expletive].” Working off a description provided by Mountain Home investigators, two Idaho State Police motorcycle troopers spotted Granger along I-84. Told that the man had indicated at Walmart that he might have a gun, the troopers held Granger at gunpoint until Mountain Home officers drove out and arrested him, an ISP spokesman said. Granger was booked into the Elmore County Jail on charges of attempted armed robbery and burglary. Mountain Home Police Lt. Ron Harmon said the report on the case hasn’t been completed, and he doesn’t yet know whether Granger was in possession of a gun at the time he was arrested. Idaho court records show one sealed case for Granger in Elmore County. “I don’t think we’ve dealt with him before,” Harmon said. Granger is from White Lake, Mich., police said. In the video, he says he left Michigan and was on his way to Portland. He says he stole food from the community center to make a “survival pack.” Katy Moeller: 208-377-6413, @KatyMoeller Jason Granger Elmore County Jail LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:10 Secretaries Zinke and Perdue visit Idaho Pause 1:24 Alleged bike thief describes his crimes in Facebook Live rant as he pedals down I-84 0:19 Ford Bronco almost, but doesn't quite make it across Boise County's Grimes Creek 1:09 Is Idaho too great for hate? Leaders say it is 1:41 Myths about drowning, tips to keep your kids safe around water 2:10 Fly over the aftermath of the 2016 Pioneer Fire 5:11 Bow Wow — ‘the ‘Cheers’ of auto parts’ — to close its doors after 45 years 1:56 Boise veterans and Boy Scouts honor veterans at Morris Hill Cemetery on Memorial Day 2:03 Displaced veterans rejoin the ranks at Idaho cemetery 1:12 Here come property assessments Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 11 hours ago Alleged bike thief describes his crimes in Facebook Live rant as he pedals down I-84 1:24 11 hours ago Alleged bike thief describes his crimes in Facebook Live rant as he pedals down I-84 2:10 8 hours ago Secretaries Zinke and Perdue visit Idaho 1:41 a day ago Myths about drowning, tips to keep your kids safe around water View More Video Local Dogs rescued from S. Korean meat farm arrive in Boise Drownings can be quiet and quick. Here’s how to prevent them. Prosecutors cite odd behavior of Boise father who hid two daughters in Nevada Boise defends Gowen, F-35 advocacy as critics claim conflict of interest Body found in Payette River identified as missing Kuna man Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition (Digital Replica) Home Delivery Vacation Hold Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Walmart taps store associates for last-mile delivery program Walmart e-commerce chief Marc Lore the program is a "special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business," and there's a strong chance he's right. By Natalie Gagliordi for Between the Lines | June 2, 2017 -- 16:07 GMT (09:07 PDT) | Topic: E-Commerce Discount retail giant Walmart is testing a new last-mile delivery program that aims to cut shipping costs and improve delivery times in an effort to better compete against Amazon. what's hot on zdnet Cyberweapons are now in play What to expect at Apple WWDC 2017: Sure bets and long shots Autonomous driving will spawn $7 trillion 'passenger economy': Intel Password manager OneLogin hacked, exposing sensitive customer data The program utilizes the retailer's existing store associates, giving employees the opportunity to earn extra income by delivering online orders on their way home from work. The pilot is spearheaded by Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart US e-commerce, who joined the retailer following its $3 billion acquisition of Jet.com in 2016. Workers "earn extra income on their existing drive home," Lore wrote in a blog post. "Once they're done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head toward home." According to Lore, the program is a "special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business," and there's a strong chance he's right. Walmart has 4,700 US stores, and 90 percent of the US population lives within 10 miles of its brick-and-mortar locations. That gives Walmart a tremendous advantage to implement an order fulfillment strategy that optimizes the power of its physical presence. The program also helps Walmart innovate a key area of customer demand and combat a competitive disadvantage versus Amazon's delivery options while also expanding the role of the traditional retail worker -- all of which makes a lot of sense in today's uncertain retail landscape. "For Walmart to have the ability to map packages that are on their employees' routes home and allow their team members to pick up extra wages is a good employee retention measure as well as a potential same-day delivery solution," said Sarah Engel, CMO of retail analytics firm DynamicAction. "There would be all sorts of obvious challenges to this model, if it was the sole solution for same day or next day delivery. But, as one of an arsenal of solutions, it's a very interesting test." At this point the program is available in two New Jersey stores and one store in Northwest Arkansas. Associates opt-in to participate as drivers, and use technology that Lore says lets workers set preferences for how many packages they want to deliver, weight limits for the packages, and which days they're available to make deliveries. The technology also aims to allocate packages in a way that minimizes the collective distance workers must travel off of their commute to make a delivery. Looking at the bigger picture, the last-mile delivery program is an extension of Lore's "basket economics" strategy used within Jet.com. Simply put, basket economics is an e-commerce ops strategy that stresses logistics and supply chain to reduce costs. The idea is to figure out the optimal way to ship a basket of goods to a consumer, at the lowest cost, and to make that process transparent to the consumer as they're shopping. Jet turned this into an algorithm that powers its Smart Cart digital shopping cart. In April, Walmart launched the basket economics-inspired Pickup Discount service, which offers customers reduced prices on online-only items if they opt to pick up their orders in-store. By all accounts, Pickup Discount is yet another way for Walmart to cut down on last-mile delivery costs, which tend to be the most expensive part of online order fulfillment. Walmart previously tested last-mile delivery via partnerships with Uber, Lyft, and Deliv, with no significant results. Now, Walmart is eyeing last-mile deliveries at scale. While it's unclear how this latest effort will shake out, Walmart's e-commerce investments are showing results. The company's e-commerce sales soared by 63 percent in its most recent quarter. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories E-Commerce No good news for media industry in Internet Trends report Big Data Analytics Using analytics for health, commerce and more Innovation Borderless banking: Estonia's e-residents can open accounts without going there E-Commerce China accounts for 40 percent of global ecommerce transactions × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
GoSearch Replay: PIX11 News PIX11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us New York's PIX11 / WPIX-TV Menu News Local Morning Team Contests Traffic Transit Alerts & On Demand Events Weather 59° 59° Low 58° High 75° Sat 57° 75° Sun 65° 72° Mon 58° 79° See complete forecast Walmart tests new delivery system in NJ Posted 11:50 AM, June 2, 2017, by Aliza Chasan, Updated at 11:49AM, June 2, 2017 Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Walmart plans to have employees deliver packages on their drives home from work. (Walmart) NEW JERSEY — Walmart employees from two locations in New Jersey can now deliver packages directly to customers’s front door. Participating employees can sign up to deliver packages while they’re on their way home from work. Walmart says it will get shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently. “It creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business,” Walmart President and CEO Marc Lore said. Walmart employees will choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight of those packages and the days on which they’re able to make deliveries after work. There are 4,700 Walmart stores across the U.S. The chain has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the population. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Lore said. “It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer.”   40.058324 -74.405661 Related stories Amazon lowers free shipping minimum … again Full list of 154 Wal-Mart stores to close across U.S. Walmart gives 500,000 employees a pay raise Filed in: New Jersey, News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Popular Queens nanny arrested for allegedly assaulting 2-week-old baby Woman accused of throwing 2-year-old son strapped to stroller down subway stairs in the Bronx, cops say Baby dies after pregnant mom is seriously injured in crash with suspected drunken driver Portland attack survivor says people are worrying about the wrong victims, calls out ‘white savior complex’ Latest News Family learned of homeless man’s death days later, in the newspaper Mets fan kicked out of Citi Field — twice — allegedly over his shirt Emergency food help, school gym classes part of NYC’s $85 billion budget deal Singer Brandy released from hospital after collapse News Grandmother viciously attacked while shopping at Georgia Walmart News Sears warns there’s ‘substantial doubt’ it can survive News ‘No justice, no pizza’: Workers hold strike at Manhattan Domino’s for fair work hours Long Island Clare Rose strikers cry foul as Long Island beer distributor moves to replace them News ‘Help me! I’m going to die’: 16-year-old girl accused of killing Uber driver with knife, machete News What should you do if you witness a racist or Islamophobic tirade? News Panera to hire 10,000 as it expands delivery service News ‘World’s strongest’ coffee makers boast ‘dangerously high’ caffeine levels News Patrons at Astoria Starbucks say ‘accessible ramp’ is not accessible News 20,000 pounds of frozen pizza recalled over listeria fears News Recall issued after bat reportedly found in packaged Fresh Express salad mix Local Stories News Costco is raising membership fees for first time since 2011 News Mom of 4 who is expecting quadruplets gets Mother’s Day surprise Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 220 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10017 212-949-1100 • Copyright © 2017, WPIX • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Walmart CEO McMillon Outlines Vision for ‘Future of Shopping’ at Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Associates from around the world hear they remain the secret to Walmart’s success June 02, 2017 12:10 PM Eastern Daylight Time FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today at Walmart’s 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart has “started to invent the future of shopping again,” as the company leverages technology to empower associates and improve the customer experience. “Together, we’re building a new Walmart,” McMillon told more than 14,000 associates from across the U.S. and around the world in Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. “We’re going to make shopping with us faster, easier and more enjoyable. We’ll do more than just save customers money and you, our associates, will make the difference. Looking ahead, we will compete with technology, but win with people. We will be people-led and tech-empowered.” Serving Customers in a Changing Retail Environment In outlining a vision for the future, McMillon said Walmart will stay ahead of changes by providing the best prices and great merchandise, while saving customers time and creating a fast, easy and enjoyable shopping experience. “We’re making every day easier for busy families and we’re using new ways of working to do it,” he said. This week, Walmart announced the company has recently begun a trial that enables store associates to deliver store items to customers in a new way to improve “last mile” delivery. The trial, which is early in development, pays participating store associates to deliver customer packages on their existing commute home from work, substantially increasing the retailer’s reach into suburban and rural communities. McMillon noted other tests that will empower and benefit customers. They include digital endless-aisle shopping in stores, automated pickup towers in stores for online orders, pickup stations in store parking lots, robotics and image analytics to scan aisles for item availability and shelf presentation and machine learning and more advanced algorithms in pricing systems. McMillon went on to highlight initiatives helping to drive company results by creating a better working experience for associates and shopping experience for customers. They include: Free two-day shipping on more than two million items, with no membership fee; A discount for customers picking up online orders in stores; Grocery pickup in many markets around the world and delivery from stores in some; Jet Fresh delivery, which provides delivery of fresh groceries to the home in 1-2 days and is now available to half of the U.S. population and growing. Driving Success Through Associates McMillon struck an optimistic tone about the future of work and technology, encouraging the company’s 2.3 million worldwide associates to “be lifelong learners.” While investments are being made in technology, he stressed that people remain central to Walmart’s business. “The secret to our success will always be our people – it will be us,” he said, highlighting Walmart’s commitment to train and equip workers with the tools and skills they need. “I think we should recognize that we’ll be able to learn, grow and change together,” he said. While Walmart will always be a place where associates can learn to run a store or lead a distribution center, McMillon went on to say the company is creating jobs in new areas, including data scientists, machine-learning engineers and mobile app developers. “More than ever, Walmart will be a ladder of opportunity.” A Trusted Retailer Making a Difference Around the World McMillon spoke about the company’s role in serving communities. “Customers have always trusted us for our low prices, but they also want to know that the products they buy are good for their families, the planet and the people that made them,” he said. McMillon pointed to ways Walmart gives back to communities, including programs to source $20 billion from women-owned businesses – a goal that was met last year – and to source $250 billion in products that support American jobs over a 10-year period. He also highlighted projects to source more local and sustainable products and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the company’s supply chain by one gigaton by 2030, praising Walmart’s suppliers as allies in this work. “Our world is increasingly transparent and we’re out to earn trust,” he said. “When people shine a light on Walmart and see our decisions – the jobs we create, the activities in our supply chain – we want them to like what they see.” For more information on Walmart’s Shareholders’ Meeting or to watch a replay of the event, please visit WalmartShareholders.com. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Media Relations Contact: Randy Hargrove, 800-331-0085 Release Summary Walmart hosts 47th Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Media Relations Contact: Randy Hargrove, 800-331-0085 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Tech Search Search IBMIBM’s CEO Disagrees With President Trump But Will Remain By His Side BitcoinBitcoin Exchange Coinbase Seeks New Funds at $1 Billion Valuation Term SheetMarissa Campise Launching New Venture Fund Health CareCalifornia Is Inching Closer to Single Payer Health Care. Is It Already Doomed? PointCloud Walmart Is Looking to VR to Prep Workers for Black Friday Leena Rao Jun 02, 2017 The holiday shopping season is still months away, but Walmart is already preparing, now turning to virtual reality headsets and simulators to help new employees handle one of the busiest shopping days of the year: Black Friday. According to the retail giant, Walmart added virtual reality training into 30 of its training centers to help employees experience a real store environment, and teach them how to handle situations like massive crowds and long lines on Black Friday. All of this education can take place without having to disrupt an actual Walmart store and its customers. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. For example, a new Walmart store manager may have never experienced a Black Friday. The VR experience could show the employee how crowded a store will get and to which areas shoppers flock. Tech news site the Verge reported that Walmart's VR training is actually powered by startup Strivr. “We’re using computer vision to map scenes, so we literally know exactly where someone's looking,” Strivr CEO Derek Belch told the Verge. “If they don't look at [the right place] and press the button indicating that they have seen the stimuli that we're looking for, we know.” That simulation is particularly helpful in knowing if an employee understands the exact layout of a store and where merchandise is placed. One of the major challenges in this scenario is that the headsets Walmart are implementing, such as the Oculus Rift, can be costly, limiting how many headsets Walmart can have in a training center. But Walmart says the results from VR training are "promising," and will now be rolling VR training out to all of its 200 training facilities by the end of 2017. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
NJ.com Menu Home News open Politics open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Legal Notices Photos/Videos open Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate open Rentals Health Classifieds open Local Businesses open Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County open All Newspapers open Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Wrestling Off Season Sports open Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Football Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Middlesex County Tracy Morgan reportedly ordered to testify over Walmart's huge crash payout Posted on June 2, 2017 at 10:52 AM 8 Gallery: Tracy Morgan returns to 'Saturday Night Live' By Spencer Kent skent@njadvancemedia.com, NJ Advance Media for NJ.com Tracy Morgan has been ordered to testify under oath by Walmart's insurance company, which is fighting the huge settlement the retail giant paid to the comedian in a deadly 2014 crash on the New Jersey Turnpike, according to a report by Pagesix.com. In September 2015, Morgan received a roughly $90-million payout from Walmart after he was seriously injured in the crash involving one of the company's trucks. Morgan's friend and fellow comedian, James McNair, was killed in the crash. The company's insurer, Ohio Casualty, which ordered the comedian to hand over financial documents earlier this year, is now demanding Morgan be deposed over the settlement. The insurance company has also accused Morgan of taking advantage of the system, alleging that his future earnings weren't compromised as much as he had claimed, according to a previous report. The July 7, 2014, crash on the Turnpike in Cranbury also injured Morgan's friend Ardley Fuqua. The three were riding in a limo bus after a show in Delaware. The insurance company filed court documents last week requesting deposition dates for both Morgan and Fuqua, who was also in the car with Morgan during the crash, according to Pagesix.com's report. The report also said the insurance company is asking Morgan to fork over his medical records, income statements and other financial records as well as the list of medicines prescribed to him after the crash. The company is asking that Morgan and Fuqua provide a date to testify between June 19 and Aug. 2, the report said. If they fail to provide a reason why they can't testify, they could be held in contempt of court, the report said. Morgan reached the settlement with Walmart in May 2015. That same year, he paid $13.9 million for a mansion in Alpine. Walmart paid out $10 million to McNair's two children. Kevin Roper, who was driving the Walmart truck during the crash, pleaded guilty to vehicular homicide and other charges last year, admitting that he continued to drive the truck while feeling fatigued and even after passing a Turnpike rest area in Cranbury. Spencer Kent may be reached at skent@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @SpencerMKent. Find the Find NJ.com on Facebook. View Comments nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 47° F Clear Hi: 73° F Lo: 52° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: cruisin' connecticut News 8 is Working for Connecticut nyberg stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Troopers seize over 400 bags of heroin in traffic stop June 2, 2017 Two people are facing charges after police found more than 400 bags of heroin during a traffic stop on Friday afternoon. Troopers search for suspect in burglary in Haddam June 2, 2017 Troopers are searching for the man they believe burglarized a residence in Haddam on Friday. 2 children suffer potentially serious injuries after car rollover in Manchester June 2, 2017 Yale baseball upsets Nebraska in NCAA Tournament June 2, 2017 President Trump signs bills that help military veterans, public safety officials June 2, 2017 Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 47° F Clear Feels Like: 47° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 83% Dewpoint: 42° F Sunrise: 5:20 AM Sunset: 8:19 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 47° F Clear Hi: 73° F Lo: 52° F Some Walmart workers now deliver packages on their way home By CNN Published: June 2, 2017, 10:47 am Updated: June 2, 2017, 12:31 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (CNN) — “Since it’s on your way, can you drop this off?” That’s essentially what Walmart is asking some store workers, if they’ve opted to participate in a new delivery program. More specifically, the retailer is testing out the concept of having employees deliver packages to customers’ homes on their commute home. In a blog post published Thursday, Walmart (WMT) touted the idea as a way to both speed up its delivery service and help employees make a little extra money. Two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas have been trying it out over the past month, and Walmart insists “the response from associates and customers has been great.” It’s not clear when or if the program will expand. The company says it’s developed an app that allows employees to sign up for the program, and that participation is optional. The app can alert an associate when there’s an order destined for a location that’s on his or her way home. The company says “many” orders delivered in the testing program wind up arriving the day after they’re placed. By comparison, Amazon (AMZN, Tech30) has rolled out same-day delivery services across much of the country. Walmart’s program is a sign that it’s looking to compete. “It just makes sense,” the company said in the blog post. “Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates. Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population.” The company declined to say how much employees are paid to take on the added responsibility — but Walmart did say that workers are “fully in control of their experience.” “Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages, and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work,” the blog post says. “It’s completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time.” Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders Panera to hire 10,000 as it expands delivery service UPS unveils Saturday delivery — and 6,000 new jobs Connecticut mother goes into labor along highway, doctor meets family to help deliver baby Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home NEWS Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events ABOUT US ADVERTISING CONTACT US Home NEWS Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Christy Gren , May 31, 2017 Former Microsoft CEO, Steve Ballmer Talks About Investment in Twitter Christy Gren , May 26, 2017 Samsung Will Set up a 500 Billion Fund to Support Small Businesses Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Carrie Ann , April 6, 2017 Humor at Work: The road less traveled by which leads to Success Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Christy Gren , May 29, 2017 India is the Fastest Growing Economy in the World As Per Q1 Poll Results Christy Gren , May 8, 2017 Liquid Rich and Monetarily Poor Venezuela Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Audible Sets up $5 Million Fund to Encourage Emerging Playwrights Subaru XV to Shield you from Dangerous Impact Apple saves the Mobile App Market Home Featured Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Featured Logistics & Supply Chain NEWS Strategic Thinking SHARE Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 / 105 0 In the current scenario, home-delivery is the most viable option people tend to prefer. This system has ramped up the market of online shopping by leaps and bounds. Now, wouldn’t it be amazing if you get your packages from the supermarket also delivered to your home? Amazon, the e-commerce giant delivers orders at your doorstep in a very convenient and smooth way. This system is the biggest competition for U.S’s supermarket chain, Walmart. The supermarket is now testing a new initiative which can prove as a successful move to close the gap with its rival, Amazon. Walmart e-commerce is towards a move that is testing a program wherein its store workers deliver packages on their way home. According to the reports on Reuters, the store workers deliver the packages that are ordered on the Walmart website after finishing their shifts. In a blog post, the head of this supermarket’s e-commerce operations, Marc Lore said that this step will cut the shipping costs. He added that it will also speed up the delivery of packages and allow Walmart’s workers to earn additional compensation. Walmart E-commerce Testing Program The company said that its trucks deliver the packages for store pick-up to retail locations. These same trucks can bring additional orders that a worker can sign up to deliver. Moreover, this is not a compulsory but a voluntary program for Walmart store workers. So, for Walmart e-commerce, it does not even pressurize its workers to compulsory deliver packages on their way home. Only the ones, who voluntarily want to do it, can do it. But Walmart has not shared the details of the compensation it will provide to the workers who voluntarily sign up. Lore said that the stores are within 16km (10 miles) of 90 percent of the population of U.S. He said that imagining all the routes the workers drive to and fro from their work, and the houses they pass along in their way; it is easy to see that the test could be a game-changer. This testing program is currently limited to three Walmart stores in Arkansas and New Jersey. Walmart’s Competition with Amazon The supermarket chain is already seeing a big time competition with the leading e-commerce giant, Amazon. Walmart even acquired Jet and other retailers to boost its e-commerce game. Ahead of Walmart’s annual meeting, one thing we know is that the company’s first quarter (Q1) sales rose at 63 percent. The company says that this surge is not due to acquisitions but it is driven by the changes in the shipping strategy; also the discount offered to shoppers picking up their online orders. While Amazon offers thousands of millions of products, Walmart is still offering only around 50 million products. Amazon had 33 percent in the online sales of the U.S last year; Walmart seeing a second position with just 7.8 percent, followed by eBay. Moreover, Amazon has launched Amazon Prime for faster deliveries. So, is delivery-on-the-way-home by workers an apt strategy for Walmart? Well, as this move is a testing program for Walmart e-commerce, we will have to wait until we see the results of this move. Benefits of the New Program The Walmart e-commerce testing program is designed in a way that can cut out the costs of the last mile distribution. Lore said that this is different from the crowd-sourced delivery. This move pulls out a huge amount of time from the last mile. This in turn, pulls out a huge amount of cost. With the Walmart e-commerce strategy, the company hopes that it will be able to use its assets in narrowing the gap with Amazon. Walmart’s assets include 4,700 stores across the U.S., 6,100 trucks, and a clan of 1.5 million U.S employees. Even if half of the 1.5 million workers turn into delivery drivers, given the voluntary scheme of the program; Walmart will not have to spend any extra dollars on employing new delivery drivers. This scheme, if it works out in the favour of the supermarket chain, will turn out to be a bull’s eye move; providing delivery service to customers without investing in more workforce. Author Christy Gren Christy Gren is an Industry Specialist Reporter at Industry Leaders Magazine; she enjoys writing about Unicorns, Silicon Valley, Startups, and Business leaders and innovators. Her articles provide an insight about the Power Players in the field of Technology, Auto, Manufacturing, and F&B. Follow Christy Gren on Twitter, Facebook & Google. Tags: supermarket chain, Walmart, walmart e-commerce, Walmart stores, walmart workers Next Article Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Previous Article Audible Sets up $5 Million Fund to Encourage Emerging Playwrights Similar Articles Carrie Ann, February 17, 2011 Abu Dhabi takes over Cepsa from Total Anna Domanska, July 18, 2014 Facebook tests new ‘buy’ button to let users purchase products that are advertised on its social network Christy Gren, January 12, 2016 3 Startups changing the course of hospitality industry Related Posts Facebook annoys Users Again, Automatic Friend Requests New Source Of Ire Google Inc. buys Frommer guidebook publisher Zuckerberg says Basic Internet Access should be free to everyone Craig Wright claims to be Satoshi Nakamoto, the bitcoin founder Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. CAPTCHA Code* 2017 CURRENT ISSUE Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now Already A Subscriber? Log In Past Issues (click cover to view the magazine) VIEW ALL PAST ISSUES » Get Connected 5,254 Followers 16,226 Followers 1,243 Followers RSS Feeds Most Popular Article Chan Zuckerberg Initiative raises $3 Billion for a disease-free future What will the looming U.S Government shut-down mean in real-terms? The Economics of Sony PlayStation Network & Qriocity Identity-Hacks Timothy Geithner: Raise U.S Debt Ceiling or Risk Default The Stop Online Piracy Act: What Industry Leaders Can Do About It Sign up for Daily post updates About Industry Leaders Magazine Widely seen as a CEO's Magazine, Industry Leaders is widely read by corporate executives and professionals from a wide spectrum of industries and business functions. The brand has a huge and loyal patronage amongst readers for its sharp... Read More Get Connected 5,254 Followers 16,226 Followers 1,243 Followers RSS Feeds Recent Posts Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 Audible Sets up $5 Million Fund to Encourage Emerging Playwrights Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Other Navigation ABOUT US EVENTS ADVERTISING CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS SITEMAP CAREERS Leadership Story Of The Month leadership-story-of-the-month The Great Traits of Feminine Leadership! © Copyright 2016. All Rights Reserved. Industry Leaders Current Issue Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now × Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments PASSWORD RESET EMAIL Back to Login? Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments LOGIN EMAIL PASSWORD CAPTCHA Code Forgot Password?
Friday June 02 2017 7:52 pm       Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here   Read the Print Edition Here:   Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Walmart testing store employee delivery of U.S. online orders June 02, 2017, 05:00 AM The Associated Press BENTONVILLE, Ark. — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery.     Tags: walmart, delivery, would, jariwala, online, company, Other stories from today: Gunfire, blasts hit Philippine casino; terror ties doubted Trump declines to move U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem, for now Walmart testing store employee delivery of U.S. online orders     Print this Page  |  << Back            Daily Journal Quick Poll   What do you think of legislation passed by the state Senate and heading to the Assembly that would create single-payer health care system in California? Love it Like the concept, but think it's too costly Think it needs more vetting Don't like that it will force people onto government insurance Think it's a good first step Don't like it at all Not sure                           Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County high school sports  
× News Breaking News Campus Local State Nation World Religion Eleven News Campus Campus News Campus Events Coverage Devotionals and Forums Sports Baseball Basketball Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Cheer Cougarettes Football Golf Gymnastics Outdoor Recreation Soccer Softball Swim and Dive Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Men’s Volleyball Women’s Volleyball Club Sports Hockey Lacrosse Rugby Other Club Sports Intramurals Olympic Sports Life Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies / Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Opinion Opinion Outpost Reader’s Forum Tweet Beat Editorials Police Beat Events Campus Events Calendar Publications Bridal Guide Eleven News Housing Guide Two Magazine Universe Archives (PDF) Special Projects Standing Rock Honorably Released A Day in the Life of BYU A Week in Photos Capital West News Comics Cougar Questions Parliament of the World’s Religions Sudoku Answers Uros Islands Project Ygram Narratives Grocery retailers offer convenience through online shopping News Breaking News Campus Local State Nation World Religion Eleven News Campus Campus News Campus Events Coverage Devotionals and Forums Sports Baseball Basketball Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Cheer Cougarettes Football Golf Gymnastics Outdoor Recreation Soccer Softball Swim and Dive Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Men’s Volleyball Women’s Volleyball Club Sports Hockey Lacrosse Rugby Other Club Sports Intramurals Olympic Sports Life Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies / Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Opinion Opinion Outpost Reader’s Forum Tweet Beat Editorials Police Beat Events Campus Events Calendar Publications Bridal Guide Eleven News Housing Guide Two Magazine Universe Archives (PDF) Special Projects Standing Rock Honorably Released A Day in the Life of BYU A Week in Photos Capital West News Comics Cougar Questions Parliament of the World’s Religions Sudoku Answers Uros Islands Project Ygram Narratives News Breaking News Campus Local State Nation World Religion Eleven News Campus Campus News Campus Events Coverage Devotionals and Forums Sports Baseball Basketball Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Cheer Cougarettes Football Golf Gymnastics Outdoor Recreation Soccer Softball Swim and Dive Tennis Track and Field Volleyball Men’s Volleyball Women’s Volleyball Club Sports Hockey Lacrosse Rugby Other Club Sports Intramurals Olympic Sports Life Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies / Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Opinion Opinion Outpost Reader’s Forum Tweet Beat Editorials Police Beat Events Campus Events Calendar Publications Bridal Guide Eleven News Housing Guide Two Magazine Universe Archives (PDF) Special Projects Standing Rock Honorably Released A Day in the Life of BYU A Week in Photos Capital West News Comics Cougar Questions Parliament of the World’s Religions Sudoku Answers Uros Islands Project Ygram Narratives Food, Healthy Living, Life Grocery retailers offer convenience through online shopping June 2, 2017 by Kelsie Matheson 0 0 0 0 0 Editor’s note: this story pairs with another titled “Food delivery is changing Provo’s night scene” American shoppers made more than half of their purchases online in 2016, according to a study by UPS. Retailers are changing the way they run their businesses in response to the shift from personal to virtual shopping —including grocery retailers. The grocery industry is the second largest retail industry in the U.S. and brings in almost $6.5 billion a year, according to the Food Marketing Institute. Wal-Mart, the largest retail company in the world based on the 2017 Global Powers of Retailing report, has provided consumers more purchasing options. “As customers are looking for new and convenient ways to shop, we remain committed to testing innovative concepts by combining digital and physical assets that enable customers to shop when, where and how they want,” according to a press release from Wal-Mart about their newly implemented pickup feature. Wal-Mart introduced its grocery pickup option for online shoppers, called Wal-Mart Grocery, last year. It allows customers to purchase groceries online and pick them up at the store that same day for no additional fee. Kiffyn Dykstra started using Wal-Mart’s pickup service when she realized she and her husband needed groceries, but she was too tired to go shopping because she is pregnant. “It is super nice because with pregnancy brain I always forget what we already have or don’t have,” Dykstra said. She prefers to fill out her online order while looking in her fridge to make sure she orders what she needs. The Dykstras have also saved money by using the Wal-Mart pickup option. “There is no extra fee, so you are just paying for the actual food, and I don’t just walk up and down the aisles buying things we don’t need that just look good because I see them,” she said. Wal-Mart Grocery does not match prices from other stores or locations. The prices are based on where the items are picked up. Online products may differ from the products that are available at the pickup location. Shoppers may choose to allow substitutions for their orders and will be charged for the lower-priced item, according to Wal-Mart’s website. “They don’t always have every brand or variety as an online option, but I can get 98 percent of what I buy at Wal-Mart,” said shopper Laura Trumbo. The only issue Trumbo had was she couldn’t just order one jalapeño pepper; she had to order a whole pound. Trumbo said she didn’t worry about it much because the price was less than a dollar. Amazon.com Inc., the leader in all things cyber-shopping, has moved into the top 10 list of the world’s largest retail chains. The company has been working its way into the grocery industry since 2007, when it launched AmazonFresh. This feature allows Amazon Prime members in select cities to purchase groceries online and have them delivered later that day or the next morning. “AmazonFresh allows customers to combine grocery and other shopping into one seamless experience that easily fits into their routines and improves their busy lives,” according to the AmazonFresh website. Late last year, Amazon.com Inc. introduced Amazon Go, a brick-and-mortar store that allows customers to enter the store, grab what they need, and leave with “no checkout required.” Amazon calls this its Just Walk Out Technology. “Our checkout-free shopping experience is made possible by the same types of technologies used in self-driving cars: computer vision, sensor fusion and deep learning,” according to the Amazon Go website. Customers make purchases online, rather than at a cash register. This new shopping experience is still in the beta phase and is only available to Amazon employees in Seattle, Washington. The company is planning to open it to the public this year. Local grocers have also started to include grocery pickup services for their customers. Macey’s Food and Drug offers Macey’s Anywhere. It first launched in October 2015 at five Utah County Macey’s locations, according to Rachael M. Wabel, Macey’s marketing and communications specialist. “Over the summer of 2016 it was rolled out to other stores, and the service is now available at all 12 Macey’s locations from Logan to Spanish Fork,” she said in an email. The company partnered with the Rosie app, which allows customers to shop on any device for their groceries. The app gives shoppers the chance to personalize their orders, especially when it comes to meat and produce.  Paige Davis, a Macey’s Anywhere shopper, loves the pickup service. “They have a little section by each product to leave a note,” Davis said, “From my experience, they have always catered to the note and I’ve gotten exactly what I want.” Macey’s Anywhere customers must submit their orders by 1 p.m. and at least 4 hours ahead of time. The last pickup slot of the day is between 7 and 8 p.m. Shoppers also have to spend a minimum of $30 on groceries and are charged a $1.99 pickup fee. The Macey’s stores in Sandy and Pleasant Grove started testing home delivery on April 3, according to Wabel. Although the convenience of at-home delivery is still favored for 65 percent of online purchases, 35 percent of shoppers prefer an alternate delivery or pickup location, according to the 2016 UPS Pulse of the Online shopper report. Online shoppers would prefer having their purchases delivered to their door, but alternative pickup options that are more affordable and save the consumer time have become more popular, according to the 2016 Pulse of the the Online Shopper report. Kelsie Matheson Kelsie is a Media News major and minoring in digital humanities. She grew up in Aurora, Utah, but currently, resides in Orem with her husband and daughter. 0 0 0 0 0 June 2, 2017 Art Books Food Fashion Healthy Living Movies & Television Museums & Exhibitions Music Technology Theater Archives Archives Select Month June 2017  (10) May 2017  (167) April 2017  (123) March 2017  (206) February 2017  (188) January 2017  (116) December 2016  (85) November 2016  (256) October 2016  (266) September 2016  (235) August 2016  (132) July 2016  (134) June 2016  (163) May 2016  (227) April 2016  (214) March 2016  (372) February 2016  (315) January 2016  (314) December 2015  (121) November 2015  (306) October 2015  (410) September 2015  (349) August 2015  (150) July 2015  (149) June 2015  (163) May 2015  (172) April 2015  (215) March 2015  (356) February 2015  (357) January 2015  (313) December 2014  (161) November 2014  (323) October 2014  (412) September 2014  (279) August 2014  (120) July 2014  (155) June 2014  (105) May 2014  (218) April 2014  (254) March 2014  (361) February 2014  (468) January 2014  (313) December 2013  (187) November 2013  (326) October 2013  (412) September 2013  (360) August 2013  (212) July 2013  (151) June 2013  (154) May 2013  (221) April 2013  (320) March 2013  (409) February 2013  (388) January 2013  (302) December 2012  (92) November 2012  (419) October 2012  (630) September 2012  (449) August 2012  (189) July 2012  (215) June 2012  (206) May 2012  (271) April 2012  (218) March 2012  (371) February 2012  (414) January 2012  (333) December 2011  (136) November 2011  (396) October 2011  (534) September 2011  (424) August 2011  (173) July 2011  (229) June 2011  (225) May 2011  (5) April 2011  (5) February 2011  (1) January 2011  (4) September 2010  (9) June 2010  (8) March 2009  (280) February 2009  (178) January 2009  (74) December 2008  (20) November 2008  (135) October 2008  (93) April 2008  (24) March 2008  (229) February 2008  (32) January 2008  (285) December 2007  (188) October 2007  (9) September 2007  (239) August 2007  (147) July 2007  (244) June 2007  (190) May 2007  (259) April 2007  (272) March 2007  (353) February 2007  (413) January 2007  (335) December 2006  (218) November 2006  (428) October 2006  (498) September 2006  (368) August 2006  (157) July 2006  (207) June 2006  (309) May 2006  (338) April 2006  (245) March 2006  (415) February 2006  (399) January 2006  (289) December 2005  (187) November 2005  (421) October 2005  (412) September 2005  (424) August 2005  (151) July 2005  (230) June 2005  (271) May 2005  (316) April 2005  (286) March 2005  (431) February 2005  (395) January 2005  (267) December 2004  (171) November 2004  (376) October 2004  (539) September 2004  (520) August 2004  (199) July 2004  (404) June 2004  (394) May 2004  (462) April 2004  (380) March 2004  (675) February 2004  (564) January 2004  (489) December 2003  (261) November 2003  (424) October 2003  (578) September 2003  (363) August 2003  (134) July 2003  (383) June 2003  (319) May 2003  (455) April 2003  (417) March 2003  (760) February 2003  (683) January 2003  (532) December 2002  (234) November 2002  (416) October 2002  (553) September 2002  (375) August 2002  (101) July 2002  (275) June 2002  (221) May 2002  (284) April 2002  (467) March 2002  (656) February 2002  (443) January 2002  (497) December 2001  (234) November 2001  (520) October 2001  (761) September 2001  (493) August 2001  (131) July 2001  (276) June 2001  (210) May 2001  (282) April 2001  (441) March 2001  (655) February 2001  (547) January 2001  (396) December 2000  (129) November 2000  (608) October 2000  (677) September 2000  (590) August 2000  (249) July 2000  (321) June 2000  (387) May 2000  (595) April 2000  (364) March 2000  (603) February 2000  (509) January 2000  (416) December 1999  (169) November 1999  (480) October 1999  (202) September 1999  (886) August 1999  (104) July 1999  (246) June 1999  (269) May 1999  (332) April 1999  (402) March 1999  (672) February 1999  (609) January 1999  (396) December 1998  (177) November 1998  (497) October 1998  (542) September 1998  (577) August 1998  (312) July 1998  (192) June 1998  (234) May 1998  (274) April 1998  (367) March 1998  (541) February 1998  (554) January 1998  (369) December 1997  (152) November 1997  (398) October 1997  (607) September 1997  (533) August 1997  (159) July 1997  (234) June 1997  (157) May 1997  (191) April 1997  (220) March 1997  (295) February 1997  (362) January 1997  (195) December 1996  (170) November 1996  (251) October 1996  (304) September 1996  (103) August 1996  (68) July 1996  (123) June 1996  (130) May 1996  (174) April 1996  (247) March 1996  (264) February 1996  (400) January 1996  (180) October 1994  (1) ABOUT US ADVERTISING BRIMHALL WEBCAM CONTACT US COPYRIGHT / PRIVACY SUBMIT NEWS TIPS UNIVERSE ARCHIVES (PDF) UNIVERSE JOBS Site Login © 2016 The Daily Universe - Brigham Young University

News Sports Business Real Estate 78° Full Menu 78° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business June 02, 2017 9:01 AM Wal-Mart's massive delivery hub rises from Alabama farmland By JOHN SHARP Al.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story MOBILE, Ala. The humble beginnings of what will blossom into a mega-distribution center are beginning to take shape on west Mobile County farmland. At the non-descript site off Interstate 10 are dozens of pickup trucks, makeshift trailers and construction machines. The only symbol that this rural tract will become home to one of Wal-Mart's biggest investments along the Gulf Coast is a simple sign that reads, "Coming Spring 2018. Walmart." "I drive out and look at the site periodically," said Troy Wayman, vice president of economic development with the Mobile Area Chamber of Commerce. "It's kind of like your baby. You want to look as often as possible. It's phenomenal to see." The world's No. 1 retailer remains on schedule with the construction of a $135 million, 2.5-million-square-foot distribution center that is expected to bolster activity at the nearby Port of Mobile and substantially increase truck traffic on Interstate 10. The construction timeline remains unchanged, and the distribution center will be fully operational by this time next year, according to a spokeswoman for Arkansas-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart will begin posting for senior-level positions, such as operations managers and area managers, starting this month or in early July. The hope, the company says, is to have a leadership team hired by the fall. Once the center is built, Wal-Mart plans to add 550 jobs to support the logistical hub that will serve 800 of Wal-Mart's 4,600 U.S. stores. Those 800 stores are scattered over a sweeping area of the nation's heartland, from Alabama to Mississippi northward to the Great Lakes region. The company broke ground on the project in March. City, county and state taxpayers are investing in the project by providing incentives totaling about $15.3 million in property and sales tax abatements and up to $6.5 million in land purchase and road improvements. "We're just excited about how the project is progressing," Wayman said. The ongoing work on the distribution center - which will rank in the top 10 percent of the company's U.S. facilities in scope and size, and will be the company's sixth import distribution center in the U.S. - comes as Wal-Mart is pushing forward on retail store and training expansions in Alabama. The company, in a news release last month, announced a multimillion-dollar capital campaign to remodel seven locations in the state: Mobile, Tuscaloosa, Brewton, Enterprise, Northport, Alexander City and Guntersville. In addition, the company is launching more of its Wal-Mart academies. Presently, there are three such academies in the state, at Wetumpka, Fairhope and Gadsden. Erica Jones, senior manager with Wal-Mart's communications team, said the new academies are part of a beefed-up training operation that began in 2015. Previous training was handled by the managers of each individual store, she said. "We'll be investing in training that our associates receive," said Jones. "The academy program is a result of that." The Alabama academies are part of 120 which have opened in the U.S. The goal, Jones said, is to open 200 of them by the end of 2017. The investments in Alabama are part of a $6.8 billion capital program nationwide, which includes the expansion and remodeling of stores, clubs and distribution centers. In addition, Wal-Mart plans to expand its online grocery pickup services as the company positions itself to compete more aggressively against the online retail giant, Amazon. Wal-Mart, which last year reported $486 billion in annual revenue - more than three times that of Amazon - accounted for 7.8 percent in online U.S. sales last year, according to an article in the The Washington Post. Amazon, by comparison, accounted for 33 percent of online sales. In Mobile, the company is banking on utilizing the State Docks to transport Wal-Mart-bound containers to the distribution center, which is about a 15-minute drive along Interstate 10. The distribution center will be serviced by approximately 600 or more trucks that will be moving back and forth daily. To accommodate the activity, the Alabama Department of Transportation is moving forward on a $33.4 million widening of I-10 from Carol Plantation Road west toward McDonald Road, which is next to the distribution center. And as the company presses forward on its distribution center expansion, some coastal Alabama entities are hoping to see some benefits. Among them is Feeding the Gulf Coast, formerly the Bay Area Food Bank, which relies heavily on Wal-Mart contributions. The company provided $189,894 to Feeding the Gulf Coast last year, which was the largest contribution that Wal-Mart made to a food bank in Alabama. Feeding the Gulf Coast is part of the Feeding America community, which is heavily supported by the company. In fiscal year 2014, Wal-Mart accounted for 13 percent of total fundraising revenue for Feeding America, and 14.5 percent of the total pounds of food secured for food banks around the country. "We literally could not survive without the contributions of Wal-Mart and our other retail partners," said Cathy Pope, president & CEO of Feeding the Gulf Coast, calling Wal-Mart "a committed partner" in battling hunger relief. "They regularly donate time, food and funds to Feeding the Gulf Coast," Pope said. "We rely on their partnership and appreciate their efforts to end local hunger." LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 1:44 2 days ago FIU student who helps take care of dad, sister, gets free SUV 0:59 14 days ago Florida anaylst for PNC Bank discusses jobs report 0:37 16 days ago World of Avatar View More Video Business 92-year-old woman sells oddities from her carnival business Oxford High junior launches company for his drones Myriam Márquez stepping down as head of el Nuevo Herald UM names new provost and business dean The Latest: Special counsel's Trump probe adds Manafort case Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home NEWS Business Education Ed Lab Local governments Courts and crime Emergency Services Obituaries Local columnists Northwest Nation World Health News Local weather Celebrations Sponsored stories OPINION Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion columns SPORTS High School Sports College Sports Pro Sports Sports columns Walla Walla Sweets Athletes of the week Coaches' Corner Diversions Outdoors Seattle Times sports THINGS TO DO Arts Outdoors Diversions Entertainment Fundraisers Wine & Dine Events Calendar Crosswords 4th of July in the Park CLASSIFIEDS Classified ads Place a classified ad Walla Walla Business Directory Jobs Autos LIFESTYLES VISITOR GUIDE Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home NEWS Business Education Ed Lab Local governments Courts and crime Emergency Services Obituaries Local columnists Northwest Nation World Health News Local weather Celebrations Sponsored stories OPINION Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion columns SPORTS High School Sports College Sports Pro Sports Sports columns Walla Walla Sweets Athletes of the week Coaches' Corner Diversions Outdoors Seattle Times sports THINGS TO DO Arts Outdoors Diversions Entertainment Fundraisers Wine & Dine Events Calendar Crosswords 4th of July in the Park CLASSIFIEDS Classified ads Place a classified ad Walla Walla Business Directory Jobs Autos LIFESTYLES VISITOR GUIDE Close Tony Gutierrez FILE - In an Aug. 26, 2016 file photo, people walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File) AP Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics Writer Jun 1, 2017 (…) Local News Feed Dayton, Waitsburg schools eye expanded athletic combine Emergency Services Classes to cover cooking on a budget with seasonal ingredients Camping a chance to try quick, easy-to-prepare recipes Finalists named for job as Walla Walla High School principal More Local News Send Us Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on.Get started! Send a Letter to the Editor The Union-Bulletin strives to publish every letter we receive. To send a letter, click the button below.Get started! Tony Gutierrez FILE - In an Aug. 26, 2016 file photo, people walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez, File) BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. More from this section The judge who says he's part of the gravest injustice in America 7:25 President Trump Signs Bills 3:45 6/2/17: Weekly Address The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business General News Locations Arkansas United States North America Send a Letter to the Editor The Union-Bulletin strives to publish every letter we receive. To send a letter, click the button below.Get started! Featured Events Classes Lectures Workshops And Public Meetings Brewer Wetland Saturday, June 3rd, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 2:00 pm Walla Walla High School Wetlands are one of the most important, and most overlooked, parts of a healthy environment.… View details Performing Arts Live Music Theater And Film Danza Classica 2017 Sunday, June 4th, 2017 @ 3:00 pm – 4:30 pm Cordiner Hall The Dance Center of Walla Walla View details Classes Lectures Workshops And Public Meetings China Preview Night Monday, June 5th, 2017 @ 5:30 pm – 7:00 pm Courtyard by Marriott Walla Walla The magic and history of China is at your fingertips! Join the Walla Walla Valley Chamber of… View details Calendar Malt that Matters and Peas on Earth Saturday, June 10th, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 4:00 pm Walla Walla Community Parking Lot Wheat has been the agricultural king in the Blue Mountain country as long as the land has be… View details Calendar Food Trucks and Jamboree! Saturday, June 10th, 2017 @ 12:00 pm – 4:00 pm Milton Freewater Senior Center FOOD TRUCKS! Plus Country Music Jamboree. View details Calendar Live Cinema: "Julius Caesar" - Royal Shakespeare Company Wednesday, June 14th, 2017 @ 6:00 pm – 9:00 pm Gesa Power House Theatre Gesa Power House Theatre will screen the current Royal Shakespeare Company production of "Ju… View details Calendar Jordan World Circus 2017 Wednesday, June 14th, 2017 @ 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm Walla Walla County Fairgrounds "EARLY BIRD DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE NOW" View details Calendar Nature Kids: Childrens' Environmental Fair Tuesday, June 20th, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 5:00 pm Walla Walla Public Library Hey kids! Hurry down to the City Library on Tuesday, June 20 for the start of a two-day natu… View details Calendar Nature Kids: Childrens' Environmental Fair Wednesday, June 21st, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 5:00 pm Walla Walla Public Library Hey kids! Hurry down to the City Library on Tuesday, June 20 for the start of a two-day natu… View details Calendar Botanical Painting with Jean Ann Mitchell Saturday, June 24th, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 2:00 pm First Christian Church In this workshop, Jean Ann Mitchell will share her watercolor talents to teach painting of n… View details Calendar Sustainable Vineyards Saturday, June 24th, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 4:00 pm Walla Walla Community College Parking Lot Vinea Vineyards is a network of winegrowers united by environmentally friendly and socially … View details Fundraisers Business Classic Golf Tournament Thursday, July 13th, 2017 — all day Wine Valley Golf Club It's that time again to tee up for the 2017 Business Classic Golf Tournament presented by Co… View details Calendar Into the Watershed Saturday, July 29th, 2017 @ 10:00 am – 4:00 pm Walla Walla Community College Parking Lot Walla Walla draws its water from Mill Creek through a diversion dam, high in the Blue Mounta… View details Click here to post or promote your event Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. Breaking News Updates Sign up to this list to receive updates on breaking stories such as emergency road closures, major local news, local weather alerts and the like. Today's headlines from the Union-Bulletin Sign up for this list to receive our top news, sports, opinions and features headlines by email. Emails arrive around 1 p.m. Monday through Friday and early Sunday. Sign up Manage your lists View all jobs Local social feed Local social feed Sections Home News Opinion Sports Things to do Photos/Video Obituaries Lifestyles Family Forum Services Help Search Subscription services Carrier services District Manager services Subscriber change of address Mail subscriptions Email newsletters Send us your news Historical archives Purchase a full-page .pdf Contact Us Contact Information Union-Bulletin.com 112 S. First Ave Walla Walla, WA 99362 Phone: 509-525-3301 Email: websupport@wwub.com © Copyright 2017 Union Bulletin, 112 S. First Ave Walla Walla, WA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Freebie Friday: Free doughnuts for National Donut Day; free movies; storm supply savings during tax holiday Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Freebie Friday: Celebrate National Donut Day with free doughnuts at Krisy Kreme Dunkin' Donuts and others. Privacy Policy Happy Freebie Friday! It's National Donut Day and you can celebrate the holey holiday with free doughnuts at Dunkin' Donuts, Krispy Kreme and other spots. Also, we've entered hurricane season, and it's predicted to be a busy one with five to nine named storms. Prepare and save on storm supplies during Florida's 2017 Disaster Preparedness Sales Tax Holiday through Sunday. Also, school's out and summer fun's in. Check my list of 50 free and cheap things to do, from free movies to spa treatments to museum visits. Have a great weekend and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. FREEBIES Free doughnuts for National Donut Day on Friday Free $10 movie tickets with purchase of P&G products at Publix Free tax on eligible hurricane supplies during Florida's 2017 Disaster Preparedness Sales Tax Holiday, expires Sunday Free and cheap summer fun for everyone Free Summer Savings Card offers BOGO deals at 65+ attractions, restaurants Free $5 gift card with Target food purchase by texting MEAT to 827438 Free movie rental on Google Play from Orville Redenbacher Free entry at Flagler Museum on Monday Free museum visits on Saturday-Sunday from Bank of America Free Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals just for teachers Free swim lessons for children in Broward and Palm Beach counties Free saltwater and freshwater fishing days in June Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum Program Free and discounted movies for military families with Blue Star theater program Doreen Christensen Friday is a holey holiday as we celebrate National Donut Day with free sweet treats at participating locations. Dunkin' Donuts: Get a free classic doughnut with any beverage purchase. Try the new Vanilla Cake Batter Donut with cake batter filling frosted with chocolate icing and confetti sprinkles.... Friday is a holey holiday as we celebrate National Donut Day with free sweet treats at participating locations. Dunkin' Donuts: Get a free classic doughnut with any beverage purchase. Try the new Vanilla Cake Batter Donut with cake batter filling frosted with chocolate icing and confetti sprinkles.... (Doreen Christensen) Free custom Disney Family cling decal Free 90-day membership at BJ's Wholesale Club Free appetizer at BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse; expires June 17 Free book for kids with Barnes & Noble summer reading program Free sub with purchase at Jersey Mike's; expires June 15 Free $10 gift cards with $20 purchase at Publix; expires July 31 Free 8-by-10 portrait sheet for military at JC Penney; expires July 11 Free tickets for military families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Beauty goodies for men and women include free waxing services at European Wax Center, free Burberry fragrance samples, gifts for your birthday, beauty boxes and Sephora makeup classes.  (Doreen Christensen) Free entry for four at Frost Science Museum, Vizcaya, with library card Free waxing at European Wax Center Free $5 gift card instantly with purchase of P&G products at Publix Free samples of Breathe Right Nasal Strips Free Sawgrass Mills coupon books with hundreds in savings Free kids' meals at Chili's; expires Sunday Free ropes course for graduates with tassel at Xtreme Action Park Free month of DirecTV Now with code ROKU1MONTH; expires Aug. 31 Free samples of Starbucks K-Cups Free bowling games from GoBowling.com Free samples of Nexcare bandages Free bottle of Nestea Free $10 gift cards with Publix rewards programs Freebies, discounts on tickets for Miami Marlins Free extra 3 months of Google Express with code GETDELIVERY Free DC Super Hero Girls Wonder Woman Day Special Edition #1 comic book Free Atkins Quick-Start Kit and $5 off coupon Free Kind Bar for your friends Free $10 Nordstrom gift card with rewards signup; expires July 9 Free sample of TRESemme shampoo Free drinks, side items at Steak 'n Shake; expires June 11 Free movie tickets from AT&T at Cinemark, AMC and Regal The votes are in as fans of Trader Joe's picked the top products in the chain's 8th Annual Customer Choice Awards. The California-based grocery chain stocks more than 3,000 private-label brands and enjoys a cultlike following. (Doreen Christensen) Free sunglasses with Skittles purchase; expires June 27 Free water bottle, cinch sack from Jolly Time Popcorn Free burger with text signup at Checkers Free summer Walmart Beauty Box stuffed with products and samples Free movie ticket from General Mills cereal; expires Oct. 31 Free Noosa yogurt Free 4-inch sub with app download at Quiznos Free side salad with app download at Blaze Fast Fire'd Pizza Free entree with purchase at P.F. Chang's Free queso and burrito at Moe's Southwest Grill Doreen Christensen Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... (Doreen Christensen) Free lipstick from Mac Cosmetics Free $7.99 Schwarzkopf Gliss hair repair product; expires Dec. 31 Free Schwarzkopf hair color product; expires Dec. 31 Free sample of Albolene Eye Makeup Remover Free Salonpas pain relief patches Free sample of LivRelief Pain Cream Free concert tickets from Ticketmaster.com Free tickets, discounts to stage performances from GoldStar.com Free 1-hour GoGo In-Flight Wi-Fi, texting for T-Mobile customers Free ice cream cone from Baskin-Robbins by texting SCOOP to 31310 Free pet exam at VCA Animal Hospital Free eats and dining discounts from AARP Free facial at Aveda retail stores Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime Video Free Oxy On-The-Go Acne Stick rebate; expires Oct. 31 Free Red Bull Energy Drink at Walgreens; expires June 14 Free Right-Guard antiperspirant rebate; expires June 15 Free 1 month of service or free $150 Apple TV from DirecTV Now Free $50 Roku Streaming Stick from SlingTV Free 30-day trial of HBO, Cinemax from Amazon Prime Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free 6-inch sub with purchase at Subway, with signup Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free Angie's List membership Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Wal-Mart Vision Centers Free game tokens from Chuck E. Cheese's e-Club Free 1,200 photo prints per year with free Snapfish mobile app Doreen Christensen We’ll be seeing a lot more red in the Miami Design District now that famed French luxury designer Christian Louboutin has opened a new Florida flagship boutique. The designer who creates those wildly expensive and beautiful shoes with the striking red soles celebrated on Tuesday the opening of... We’ll be seeing a lot more red in the Miami Design District now that famed French luxury designer Christian Louboutin has opened a new Florida flagship boutique. The designer who creates those wildly expensive and beautiful shoes with the striking red soles celebrated on Tuesday the opening of... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS 20 percent off at Kohl's; expires Sunday 20 percent off at Macy's; expires Wednesday 20 percent off at JC Penney; expires Saturday 20 percent off at  Lord & Taylor; expires Wednesday June Target Beauty Boxes for men and women for $7 20 percent off at Beall's Florida; expires Saturday 50 percent off at A.C. Moore; expires Saturday 40 percent off at Michaels $25 off furniture purchase at IKEA $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot 20 percent off at Ulta Beauty; expires Saturday $20 off at HSN using Visa Checkout 40 percent off at Jo-Ann Fabric; expires Saturday Earn 125 Starbucks stars with purchase of K-Cups and bottled drinks 50 percent off two Uber rides from Chase $5 off at BJ's Wholesale Club with free membership; expires July 31 25 cents off per gallon of gas with product purchase at BJ's Wholesale Club; expires July 5 $10 off at Lane Bryant by texting MOBILE to 552255 $20 off at Festival Flea Market Mall; expires June 30 $10 off grocery pickup service at Wal-Mart 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond Walgreens paperless coupons Costco Wholesale coupons  Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Whole Foods Market app digital coupons Doreen Christensen Get a free entree when you buy one at P.F. Chang's. Sign up by email for a limited time to get a coupon for a buy-one-get-one-free main entree or salad at your favorite location when dining in. Print or show the coupon on your smartphone. You'll also be opting in to receive promotional emails. ... Get a free entree when you buy one at P.F. Chang's. Sign up by email for a limited time to get a coupon for a buy-one-get-one-free main entree or salad at your favorite location when dining in. Print or show the coupon on your smartphone. You'll also be opting in to receive promotional emails. ... (Doreen Christensen) CONSUMER NEWS May restaurant and retail roundup How to stop annoying robocalls 7 hacks to get free flights and avoid fees on Spirit Airlines Amazon offers free shipping with $25 purchase Target raises free shipping rate by $10 Groupon trade-in offer for Groupon Bucks Trader Joe's tops Publix in Consumer Reports grocery store survey Bust dirt and grime with DIY green cleaning products Wal-Mart offers pickup discounts with online orders How to easily save energy to lower FPL power bills Palm Beach socialite shares thrift-store shopping secrets Spring and summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Wawa opens three South Florida locations Winn-Dixie replaces Fuelperks! with Plenti rewards AmazonFresh delivering fresh groceries to South Florida doorsteps Comparing unlimited data plans from the "Big Four" carriers Verizon offers unlimited data plan Earn gift cards galore with Publix rewards programs News for cable and satellite TV cord cutters How to save $1,400 with the 52-Week Money Challenge Sip craft brews and wine while shopping for organics at Lucky's Market How to protect yourself from identity theft while shopping online Save on cosmetics with drug store swaps, beauty hacks Save big bucks on groceries at Aldi Expert rates Trader Joe's, Whole Foods cheap wines Free two-day shipping from Wal-Mart on millions of items Doreen Christensen It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... (Doreen Christensen) DINING DEALS & COUPONS Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich with purchase Buca di Beppo: $15 off $30 purchase; expires June 11 Checkers: Free burger with text signup Chili's: Free kids' meals; expires Sunday Cumberland Farms: Free doughnut on Friday Dunkin' Donuts: Free doughnut on Friday Dunkin' Donuts: Free beverage with rewards signup Denny's: 15 percent off with AARP card Friendly's: Free scoop and 25 percent off with rewards signup HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich Jersey Mike's: Free sub with purchase; expires June 15 Johnny Rockets: Free hamburgers and movie discounts Krispy Kreme: Free doughnut on Friday Krispy Kreme: BOGO doughnuts on Tuesdays Moe's Southwest Grill: Free queso and burrito Outback Steakhouse: 15 percent off for military families; expires July 4 Outback Steakhouse: 10 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup P.F. Chang's: Free entree with purchase, with email signup Quiznos: Free sub with download of Toasty Points loyalty app Red Robin: 35 percent off online orders with code YUMMM35 Steak 'n Shake: Free drinks, side items and coupons; expires June 11 T.G.I. Friday's: All-you-can-eat appetizers School's out and summer fun's in so let's get the party started with some free and cheap fun in and out of the South Florida sun. Here’s omre than 50 wet and wild ways to save all summer long. Click here to see a video. (Doreen Christensen) FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO 50 free and cheap ways to have summer sun Free museum visits on Saturday-Sunday from Bank of America Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum Program Free movies for military families with Blue Star theater program Free National Parks Military Pass for military and families with ID Free admission for veterans, military, fire, police and EMT at Zoo Miami and half-off for up to 6 family members, through Friday Free entry for 4 at Frost Science Museum with Miami-Dade library card $8 films in June during Miami Film Month Free Summer Savings Card offers BOGO deals at 65 attractions, restaurants Freebies, discounts on tickets for Miami Marlins Unlimited trips to 4 attractions with Summer Savings Pass Unlimited visits to 5 attractions with South Florida Adventure Pass Free bowling games from GoBowling.com Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturdays-Sundays Free guitar classes at Guitar Center on Saturdays Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal e-movie tickets with AARP card Free and discounted tickets to performances from Goldstar.com Free entry for fourth-graders, families at U.S. National Parks Free classes and events at American Girl stores Free cooking classes at Williams Sonoma stores Doreen Christensen Step back in time and wander around Whitehall, Henry Flagler's palatial winter estate, in Palm Beach. If you haven't been to this true South Florida treasure, you must go. There's no better day than Monday, when you'll get free entry from noon to 5 p.m. on Founder's Day, celebrated each year on... Step back in time and wander around Whitehall, Henry Flagler's palatial winter estate, in Palm Beach. If you haven't been to this true South Florida treasure, you must go. There's no better day than Monday, when you'll get free entry from noon to 5 p.m. on Founder's Day, celebrated each year on... (Doreen Christensen) TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Just for teachers: Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals Summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Florida resident deal: 3 days for $139 at Disney World; expires June 9 Hotel, travel discounts in 100 cities from Convention & Visitor Bureaus Free admission, discounts at Universal, Busch Gardens, Disney Summer savings from Discover the Palm Beaches Freebies and deals for Florida residents from Sunny.org Special offers, deals and discounts at Disney World Ticket savings, hotel deals for military at Disney World Free tickets for military and families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Celebrate National Donut Day with free doughnuts at Dunin' Donuts and Krispy Kreme. All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 79°
NJ.com Menu Home News open Politics open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Legal Notices Photos/Videos open Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate open Rentals Health Classifieds open Local Businesses open Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County open All Newspapers open Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Wrestling Off Season Sports open Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Football Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat New Jersey Real-Time News Walmart asks employees to deliver packages on way home from work Updated on June 2, 2017 at 5:07 PM Posted on June 2, 2017 at 8:36 AM By Spencer Kent skent@njadvancemedia.com, NJ Advance Media for NJ.com Walmart is offering its employees homework in its ongoing battle with online retailers like Amazon. The nation's largest retailer announced it will begin asking employees to deliver packages on their way home after work. The company is testing the employee deliveries at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. "The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home," Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart U.S. eCommerce wrote in a blog post on the company's website. It was not clear whether associates would be compensated for gas or if insurance would be covered. The company said since it already has trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup, "those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house." Walmart, which has 4,700 stores across the country and more than 1 million associates, said the program is voluntary. If workers choose to sign up, however, the company said it has built in technology that would allow associates to set various preferences, like choosing how many packages they deliver and which days they're able to make deliveries after their shifts. "It's completely up to them," Lore wrote, "and they can update those preferences at any time." Walmart noted that it has a location every 10 miles for 90 percent of the U.S. population. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Lore wrote. "It's easy to see why this test could be a game-changer." Spencer Kent may be reached at skent@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @SpencerMKent. Find the Find NJ.com on Facebook.   View Comments nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
147686468041 You are viewing the current article design. GO TO NEW DESIGN Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 53° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Nassau Coliseum Circus Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Father's Day Beaches Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Business Walmart workers make deliveries on their way home in pilot program Updated June 2, 2017 7:43 AM By The Associated Press Reprints + - People walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas on Aug. 26, 2016. Photo Credit: AP advertisement | advertise on newsday BENTONVILLE, Ark. - In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. Most Popular LI diagnostics firm's CEO takes medical leave LI firm owner seeks younger version of himself 22 LI Chipotle locations among 2,250 hacked IDA: Developer may have to repay tax breaks Iconic LI companies live on in their descendants The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. advertisement | advertise on newsday "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home — what the industry refers to as the "last mile" — "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. Tweets from https://twitter.com/NewsdayBiz/lists/newsday-biz-staff The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. advertisement | advertise on newsday Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. Sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage IDA: Developer may have to repay tax breaks Stocks closing at record highs Hackers break into centralized password manager Like it? Share it! By using this site, you agree to our Privacy policy. OK Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Circus Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Father's Day Beaches Nassau Coliseum Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved. Sorry to interrupt... Your first 5 are free Access to Newsday is free for Optimum customers. Please enjoy 5 complimentary views to articles, photos, and videos during the next 30 days. LOGIN SUBSCRIBE
SAT, JUN 03, 2017 | 14 °C Overcast Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search News Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 2 hours ago Green Party Is Now a Power Broker in British Columbia Andrew Weaver became famous in Canada as a climate scientist who denounced... Latest News SEE MORE ‘Post-Mortem’ killer denied parole over fake letter; Mohan Ramkissoon left his wife’s body in field near African Lion Safari MAHONEY: Inside a mom-baby group – the shocking truth: Sanity Insider: The rise of lethally laced drugs, and a look at the carports of yesteryear Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown 4 hours ago Stelco Decision day for 1005 is Tuesday United Steelworkers Local 1005 members weigh in on restructuring plan for... Latest Business News SEE MORE Hamilton company gets federal money for vehicle emissions technology Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Panelists announced for LRT seminar LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 1 hour ago Bellinger homers, Ks rule in Dodgers 2-1 win over Brewers Bellinger homers, Ks rule in Dodgers 2-1 win over Brewers Latest Sports News SEE MORE Champions League Final: Buffon looks to become oldest winner Kentucky hits early, often in 6-4 win over Ohio in NCAAs Baseball Capsules Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 1 hour ago Spencer Pratt's baby war with Lauren Conrad Spencer Pratt claims Lauren Conrad is upset he and wife Heidi are having a... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Sharon Osbourne never confronted cheating Ozzy Two Women Walk Into a Comedy Club NBC has high hopes for Megyn Kelly. But can she compete with ‘60 Minutes’? Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines May 31, 2017 The Spectator's view: Papal apology worth asking for Forgive us our sins. Forgive us our trespasses. Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment 5 hours ago 2017 Kia Optima earns highest safety marks from IIHS The 2017 Kia Optima has earned an IIHS Top Safety Pick+ award. Latest Community Stories SEE MORE The new Popemobile is a Chevy Bolt in German clothes Elon Musk departs presidential council over Paris climate change decision The sandwich years: How to survive your 40s & 50s Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 2 hours ago Welbeck shows us how settlers got their shingles Living in Waterloo Region, which has been settled and farmed for close to... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE Travelling solo, but not alone, on Italy’s Amalfi Coast Short on space in a small plot? Take your skills to a higher level New Pixar concert at Disney Hollywood Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 4 Days Keep your most prized possessions safe with quality storage containers Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 4 Days Give your customers only the best customer service possible by turning to Spectrum Communications Home News Business Walmart expects ‘Flashlight Sneakers' to run off... | 20 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart expects ‘Flashlight Sneakers' to run off shelves Summer selling frenzy includes bacon-shaped pool floats, instant tent Walmart shoes Courtesy of Walmart Walmart plans to sell $25 million worth of Flashlights sneakers this year. next play/pause pre Hamilton Spectator By Abha Bhattarai   FAYETTEVILLE, ARK. — These, say Walmart executives, could be the year's biggest sensation: high-top sneakers with light-up soles. Yes, says Steve Bratspies, Walmart's chief merchandizing officer, stomping on stage in his black Flashlight Sneakers, you heard right: the world's largest retailer is expecting to sell $25 million worth of the sneakers this year. At $19.97 US a pop, that's 1.25 million pairs of shoes. "Like these sneakers?" he asks a crowd of thousands of screaming Walmart employees, two days before the company's annual shareholder meeting. "Flashlight Sneakers. These are a huge trend we're betting on this year." It's worth noting that $25 million (all figures US) in flashing-shoe sales would be a drop in the bucket for Walmart, making up less than 0.01 per cent of the $298.4 billion in U.S. sales it reported last year.   Similar shoes at "the biggest national brands," he said, will sell for about $60 a pair. At Walmart, they'll cost about one-third of that. "We beat on price, don't we?" he said. "Every day, we beat on price." Then he rattled off more of the company's biggest selling points: "Sales are up. Traffic is up. Momentum is ours." Turning to the employees, he said: "Your job is to create energy and excitement behind every apple, every bicycle, every pair of pyjamas, every light bulb, every single thing you sell in our stores." Other offerings include an "instant-cabin tent" that can be set up in about one minute. It comes with LED lights and a screen porch. And pool floats shaped like bacon.   But when employees tried to set the tent up, it took well over a minute, before Bratspies said, "I think it's broken, actually. We've got a problem. Trust me, it's really good."       Another highlight is a cooler that holds ice up to five days, gallons of glue that sell for $12.88 (of which Walmart plans to sell seven million units), cupcakes and emoji smileys. "These things are fun and already flying off shelves," Bratspies said as the crowd cheered. "We've got ducks, swans. All at a really great Walmart price." Washington Post | Most Read SEE MORE “She’s dangerous”: Karla Homolka volunteered at elementary school, reports say Mrs. Trump unloads on Griffin Massive iceberg about to break off Antarctica Karla Homolka should be hounded for the rest of her life: DiManno “You will die”: Ex-nurse Elizabeth Wettlaufer pleads guilty to murdering 8 seniors In Your Neighbourhood Today A guide to this year’s Dundas International Buskerfest Every year, a three-day feast for the senses takes over the relatively quiet downtown of Dundas,... Growing cacti with TERRA Growing cacti is a thing once again! A cactus makes a great houseplant because most of our homes... Saving Matters: For the Savvy Student You wake up in your dorm, realizing you're running late for class — not a great start. Your... Stone and rubble foundations: What to do if there’s a leak The experts at H&N Basement Worx in Hamilton want to share some information about stone and rubble... Legal Matters: Seeking damages on behalf of an injured family member Question: My daughter was in a car accident and was badly injured. Do I have a claim against the... Putting more found money in your pocket It’s a feeling so many of us are familiar with. On a cold fall day, you pull your winter coat... Now playing: New Burlington’s Paradigm East Building on the success of Paradigm Condominiums’ virtually sold out West and Centre Towers, the... Legal Matters: The complexity of cross border personal injury cases Question: I was injured in a car accident while on holiday in the United States. I was... Real estate agents help manage your expectations Judy Marsales Realty is a preferred choice for buying or selling real estate across... Destinations to enjoy and lodge at during Canada's 150th anniversary celebrations It's not every year that a country celebrates a huge milestone like turning 150 years old. To mark... WEALTH MATTERS: An Investment in You I founded Nest Wealth because I firmly believed Canadians deserved a better option when it came to... Work While You Play, Play While You Work: The Case for Semi-Retirement “Time doesn't stop just because you no longer work full-time at a corporation. You still have to... Heavy-duty vehicle emergencies need heavy-duty towing assistance Abrams Towing in Hamilton knows some people drive big vehicles — very big vehicles — and that means... Legal Matters: Attention non-profits: Act fast to comply with new regulations Question: My Non-profit organization has not transitioned to the Canada Not-for-profit... Legal Matters: Can I still receive Ontario Disability Support Payments if I win a lawsuit against the at-fault driver? Question: I am receiving Ontario Disability Support payments (ODSP). I was involved in a car... Buying a home means understanding what’s involved Judy Marsales Realty is an independent real estate brokerage serving Hamilton, Dundas, Ancaster,... Refinancing a mortgage to access funds or for better terms In the event it becomes necessary for you, as a homeowner, to refinance your mortgage, The Mortgage... Caring for caregivers a part of funeral provider's comprehensive services Providing regular care for an ailing loved one can be as difficult as saying goodbye to them when... Legal Matters: Be a responsible host this Victoria Day weekend Question: I am having about 15-20 people over at my house for my annual May 2-4 “beers and bbq”... Legal Matters: How detailed do life insurance applications need to be in order to qualify? Question: Having just completed a detailed questionnaire to apply for Life Insurance I realize... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 71% off Fireworks $20 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal 58% off Chicken Strips $25 View Deal 50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People $55 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 50% off Indian Cuisine $10 View Deal 40% off Breaded Chicken Parmesan $27 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Stelco Decision day for 1005 is Tuesday Hamilton company gets federal money for vehicle emissions technology Morneau to meet with US counterpart next week Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year U.S. markets shrug off disappointing jobs data TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies. Continued browsing of this site implies consent for the use of these cookies. Find out more here >> Post & Parcel powered by Triangle. Home In Depth Events Directory About Companies E-commerce Environment Human Resources Innovation Regulation Retail Technology RSS Post & Parcel > News > Companies > Walmart trialing “Associate Delivery” service Log-in Register News Walmart trialing “Associate Delivery” service Friday, June 2nd, 2017 Walmart has come up with a new idea for getting online orders delivered to customers’ doors. The US retail giant is trialing a new service that uses its “greatest assets” – its associates (or workers) – to drop off parcels and goods on their drive back home. In a notice posted on the company blog yesterday (1 June), Marc Lore, President and CEO, Walmart US eCommerce, said: “Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup. Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house. The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home.” Lore was quick to offer reassurances that it is voluntary scheme. “Associates are fully in control of their experience,” said Lore. “If they don’t want to participate, they don’t have to. If they choose to opt in, we’ve built technology that allows them to set preferences. “Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they’re able to make deliveries after work – it’s completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time. “We also allocate packages based on minimizing the collective distance they need to travel off of their commute to make a delivery.” Walmart is “starting small” with two test stores in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas and Lore said that the “response from associates and customers has been great”. Lore added: “Unlike crowdsourced delivery, where the driver has to travel (often out of the way) to pick up the package, then drive the full distance to deliver it, our associates are starting at the same place as the packages. Once they’re done working at the store for the day, they pick up the packages from the backroom, load them into their vehicle, enter the delivery addresses into the GPS on their phone and head toward home.” While the trial may be small-scale at the moment, Lore argued that the scheme could make a real impact if were extended nationally. “Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates,” said Lore. “Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way. It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer.” Source: Walmart Tags: Americas, infrastructure, Innovation, Parcel Print Send to friend Bookmark Save Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Related Articles SF Express and Cainiao clash Fast planes to China New DHL Parcel sorting centre in Amsterdam UPS announces plans for new Arizona hub DHL Express partnering with Golden Globe Race sailor Most popular Latest comments what3words helps Quiqees.go.quicker McDonald’s expanding delivery coverage in US Walmart files patent for a delivery system that uses drones, lockers and blockchain Pos Malaysia promoting EziBox service FedEx launches self-service lockers in Hong Kong Retailers losing out by calling time too early on Christmas deliveries UPS UK to hire 1,300 for holiday season Zyllem reportedly set to discontinue Singapore delivery operations Parcels delivered by taxi USPS set to trial experimental e-commerce product New Directory Members Direct Link Worldwide Ltd Direct Link specialises in international cross border distribution and returns of e-commerce packages worldwide. Parent company PostNord (the merged Swedish and Danish Post Offices) supports Direct Link with IT expertise, postal connections and international logistics solutions, across the Nordic countries and intercontinentally. Sign-up Post & Parcel Newsletters (Help)  Daily newsletter  Weekly newsletter Subscribe free Latest Issue Subscribe now About Post & Parcel Post & Parcel is your key to the global mail and express industry. Every week Post & Parcel features the latest news, analysis of trends, insightful viewpoints, and exclusive interviews with leading industry experts. Find out more Advertise with us We provide brands with an exciting range of advertising opportunities to reach the influential Post & Parcel audience. With campaigns suitable for every budget you can achieve your marketing objectives with Post & Parcel. Find out more powered by Triangle. Copyright © 2017 Contact Us | Feedback | Submit press release | Terms & conditions | Privacy | Q&A
Toggle navigation Entertainment All Entertainment TV Movies Covers Music Sports Cars Newsletter Culture All Culture Fashion Beauty Travel Food Education Cocktail & Beer News All News Business Politics Health Real Estate Criminal Behavior Obituaries Publisher's Blog Promotions Videos Videos Photos × Search News Walmart employees will now deliver online orders to customers’ homes By Yvette Caslin  |  June 2, 2017 4:48 AM EST Orlando, Florida – December 18, 2016: Signage of Walmart in front of the store. (Photo Credit: Lester Balajadia) Walmart, the world’s largest retailer, with 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees, is testing an “associate delivery” program for its ship-to-home orders. It’s a move to make them more competitive, especially with its biggest online competitor: Amazon. Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website, “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup. Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house. The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home. Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way.” It’s up to the employees if they wish to participate and they will be compensated for the additional work. Walmart offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman says participating employees will have to undergo background checks and will need clean driving records. They will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are open to deliver. The software is so intuitive, it factors in the collective distance workers need to travel off of their commute to make a delivery. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Lore commented that employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine.” The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Share this: Tweet More Email Print More on rollingout.com Woman locks kids in the trunk to go shopping, police say Why you should call the manager if you see this racist woman at Walmart   Director Antoine Fuqua to shine Oscar night with Walmart ‘receipt’ short film Backpage reluctantly takes action after being tied to sex trafficking Yvette Caslin I'm a writer, image architect & significance marketer. Love photojournalism, creative expression & originality. Follow @sistarazzi Most Talked About Woman charged in beating death of alleged front lawn masturbator 12 Why rape in Atlanta doubled after change in definition of the crime 10 Featured Video Check out Chevy’s #FindNewRoads Experience at the Atlanta Motor Speedway 2 days ago Featured Photos Patti LaBelle, Teddy Riley honored by National Museum of African American Music 11 hours ago   Toledo pastor’s bloody death recorded on Facebook Live 1 Walmart employees will now deliver online orders to customers’ homes Trump abandons yet another Obama-era agreement 1 NYC cop who shot mentally ill Black woman charged with murder 2 Family of mentally ill Milwaukee man gunned down by police is awarded $2.3M 2 City stops Airbnb rental for Black man living in Atlanta mansion 6 Accused Portland killer shows no remorse in court Why rape in Atlanta doubled after change in definition of the crime 10 Cleveland cop who shot Tamir Rice has been fired 8 Infant’s casket found floating in dirty puddle in Memphis 9 days after funeral 5 Trial starts for scared Minnesota cop who killed Philando Castile 2 Life sentence of DC Sniper Lee Boyd Malvo overturned 3 © Rolling Out. Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. marketing automation
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 03, 3:00 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National How Walmart Is Speeding Up Its Delivery Processes To Compete With Amazon By Ishani Roy @royishani_roy On 06/02/17 AT 6:39 AM Close In a move to match up to the Amazon's convenient options for web purchases, Walmart announced Thursday it will allow store employees to opt for a delivery service program in which they would drop packages at customers' homes while going back home, reports said. Walmart executives pointed out the idea behind this move was to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries. When the multinational retail giant's employees drive to customers' homes, the most expensive part of the fulfillment process would be taken care of, the Washington Post reported. Read: How Is Amazon Making A Strong Move Toward FMCG Sector?  Both Walmart and Amazon are competing for speeding up their delivery systems for online orders in the country. Walmart's announcement comes amid the retailer doubling down on online business, where sales grew 63 percent in the first quarter this year. The largest retailer in the U.S. has worked towards increasing its online share in the country in 2016.  According to the Walmart website, it inked a $3.3 billion to acquire Jet.com — an e-commerce company headquartered in Hoboken, New Jersey — last year. The company took this aggressive step to compete with Amazon, which accounts for about 33 percent of U.S. online sales, the Post reported. Around 90 percent of the U.S. population reside within 10 miles of a Walmart and the retail giant is probably using these locations as shipping hubs to challenge Amazon's online delivery services. By utilizing their own workforce and their vehicles, Walmart could create a vast network with lesser upfront cost, similar to how Uber created a ride-hailing service without owning any cars last year, Bloomberg reported. "Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," said Marc Lore, who took over Walmart's e-commerce operation last year after the retailer purchased his startup, Jet.com. Lore added: "This test could be a game-changer." He also said the move could curtail delivery times as many online orders in tests have been delivered overnight using store employees. Apart from speeding up delivery procedures, the new program is also reportedly seen as a way for employees to earn extra income, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Reports said citing Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala that Walmart employees can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app. The employees can also set size and weight limits on delivery packages. However, if there are not enough employees to make a delivery, carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. Meanwhile, the Seattle-based Amazon has also taken steps in recent months to speed up delivery. Last year, it reportedly unveiled its first branded cargo plane that would take more control of its delivery process. It was one of 40 aircrafts the company planned to lease. It has also created an on-demand network of drivers — Amazon Flex — similar to Uber  or Lyft. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories eBay Takes on Amazon And Walmart With Three-Day Guaranteed Delivery Walmart Gets Rid of Amazon Prime Rival ShippingPass, Offers Two-Day Shipping Recommended Business Oil Prices, Production And 5 More Things To Know About OPEC From its humble beginnings to its global clout, these are things everyone should know about this market-moving cartel. Technology How Wearing Shoes Indoors Can Make You Sick Wearing shoes indoors is fairly common, but it turns out you’re trekking more than just dirt onto the carpet. World Cancer Found In Teen’s Bones At Witch Hill A teen buried in a trash pile at an abandoned human settlement called Witch Hill had bone cancer, and archaeologists don’t know why the child was put there. National Trump Administration Returns CIA Torture Report The returned copies are of a 2014 report which focused on the harsh interrogation techniques used by CIA during the time of President George W. Bush. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Walmart Is Training Its Employees Using VR By Tyler Lee on 06/02/2017 01:50 PDT Virtual reality technology is great for playing games, watching movies, and exploring places that would otherwise be hard to explore in person. Now it seems like VR can also be used as an employee training tool, or at least that’s what the folks at Walmart are doing in using VR to help train their employees. When it comes to employee training, there’s only so much theoretical knowledge that a company can pass down to its employees, and the rest will boil down to real practical experience. By using VR to train their employees, what Walmart is doing is simulating certain situations and then ask employees to make choices based on that. The VR curriculum is produced by Strivr and will be deployed at Walmart’s 200 “Walmart Academy” training centers across the country, with plans to fully deploy them by the end of the year. There is also hope that if successful, it could be expanded to stores and not just the academies. Some example situations that employees will face include dealing with spills or the Black Friday rush. According to Strivr CEO Derek Belch, “We’re using computer vision to map scenes, so we literally know exactly where someone’s looking. If they don’t look at [the right place] and press the button indicating that they have seen the stimuli that we’re looking for, we know.” Filed in General. Read more about Virtual Reality (VR). Related Articles 2017-06-01 Samsung's New VR Display Has 3.5x More Pixels Than Oculus Rift 2017-05-29 Samsung’s Gear VR Gains New Partners In UFC, X-Games, Live Nation 2017-05-29 Garmin Virb 360 Camera Announced 2017-05-25 Oculus Rift-Exclusive Superhot VR Released For HTC Vive 2017-05-25 New HTC VR Headset For U11 Launched Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
on Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Saturday, June 3, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Sports Pole Pedal Paddle High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Business Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Fashion Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Church Directory Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Erik Lukens columns Janet Stevens columns Submission Policies Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Health Pulse Magazine Opioids addiction Slideshows Obits MORE Jobs Nation Science/Tech Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe My Account Digital Newsstand Submit a photo Offers & Promotions Home Local/State Sports Business Lifestyle Entertainment Slideshows Obits Jobs Science/Tech Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com My Account Submit a photo Pole Pedal Paddle Movies GO! Restaurants Real Estate Executive File Breweries Marijuana Home Business Wal-Mart workers powering deliveries on their drive home print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google 3091634 false Employees process outgoing packages at a Jet.com warehouse in Swedesboro, N.J., Dec. 3, 2015. Walmart, which just reported a 63 percent increase in online sales in the first quarter of 2017, bought the bulk e-commerce retailer Jet.com in 2016 as part of a plan to offer more products through the web. (Cole Wilson/The New York Times) Click here to enlarge image Wal-Mart workers powering deliveries on their drive home By Abha Bhattarai / The Washington Post Published Jun 2, 2017 at 12:02AM BENTONVILLE, ARK. — Wal-Mart’s newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: Asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The idea, Wal-Mart executives said Thursday, is to cut costs on the so-called last mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers’ homes, often the most-expensive part of the fulfillment process. “It just makes sense: We already have trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickup,” Marc Lore, chief executive of Wal-Mart’s eCommerce business, and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post Thursday afternoon. “Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer’s house.” The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores — two in New Jersey, one in northwest Arkansas — but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Employees will be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. “Wal-Mart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart store. “There is really strong overlap between where our associates are heading after work and where those packages need to go.” The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details about how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Labor experts say the arrangement, a mash-up of sorts between an Uber-style gig economy and traditional employment arrangements, raises a number of questions related to employees having to shoulder much of the risk, cost and liability associated with deliveries. “The practice seems ripe for abuse if the company does not compensate workers for the full cost of their journey, the expenses related to gas, car depreciation, and potential problems like accidents, tickets or parking expenses,” said Stephanie Luce, a labor professor at the City University of New York. “Like other ‘gig economy’ type jobs, there is a potential to benefit workers — but in reality, most of the benefits accrue to the employer, not the employee.” Earlier this year, Wal-Mart — which last year reported $485.9 billion in revenue — said it would raise its hourly minimum wage to $10 for most workers, but activist groups say many employees are struggling to make ends meet. “Instead of Wal-Mart paying its workers what they deserve for their work, Wal-Mart is merely offering to pay more — for more work,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Wal-Mart, a campaign run by the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union. “To say this is a voluntary program is like throwing a life preserver to someone drowning in a lake,” he added. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more.” 17387936 View next article in Business     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Tweets from https://twitter.com/thebulletin/business-writers Popular Comments Popular stories for Business Boneyard at work on new pub 06/01/2017 A new pub for Boneyard Beer is inching closer to reality at ... more Business blossomed for Bend pot entrepreneur 05/26/2017 Of the 20 retail marijuana shops licensed in Bend, two belong to ... more Montana bank acquires Bank of the Cascades 05/30/2017 It’s official: Bend-based Bank of the Cascades is owned by First Interstate ... more Bend businessman sentenced to jail 02/11/2016 A Deschutes County Circuit Court judge Thursday sentenced a Bend businessman to ... more More liquor stores coming to Central Oregon 05/31/2017 The window opens Thursday for applicants interested in contracting with the Oregon ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact us Staff directory Advertise with us Frequently asked questions Privacy policy Terms of use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New subscription Vacation hold Back copies Subscription rates General account help Share because you care Newspapers in Education Our partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick links Digital newsstand Special publications and event guides Restaurant guide Obituaries Milestones Movie listings ODOT web cams Comments Submit a news tip Submit an event Submit a worship service Oregon lottery TV listings Parade Magazine Photos Submit photos View slideshows Purchase photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Email Contacts | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Contact us | 541-382-1811
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Walmart Is Accused of Punishing Workers for Sick Days The New York Times By RACHEL ABRAMS 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL How an American retail icon got close to the edge of collapse Diners are finding $13 burgers hard to swallow © Kristian Thacker for The New York Times Katie Orzehowski said Walmart did not accept doctors’ notes and hospitalization records to excuse her missed shifts during a pregnancy that ended in a miscarriage. A report expected to be released Thursday by a workers’ advocacy group says Walmart, the nation’s largest private employer, routinely refuses to accept doctors’ notes, penalizes workers who need to take care of a sick family member and otherwise punishes employees for lawful absences. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 79.62 -0.19 -0.24% New York Times Co NYT ▼ 17.60 -0.05 -0.28% The report, based on a survey of more than 1,000 employees, accuses Walmart of violating the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act, among other worker-protection laws. The group argued in a lawsuit filed last month, and in an earlier complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, that Walmart discriminated against pregnant workers. Sign Up for the Morning Briefing Newsletter.  “Walmart should fully comply with the law so that no one is illegally punished for a disability-related absence or for taking care of themselves or a loved one with a serious medical condition,” said Dina Bakst, a founder and president of A Better Balance, the advocacy group that prepared the report. Walmart said that it had not reviewed the report but disputed the group’s conclusions, and said that the company’s attendance policies helped make sure that there were enough employees to help customers while protecting workers from regularly covering others’ duties. “We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them,” Randy Hargrove, a spokesman for Walmart, said. The company reviews each employee’s circumstances individually, he said, “in compliance with company policy and the law.”© Joe Raedle/Getty Images A workers’ group said Walmart routinely refuses to accept doctors’ notes, penalizes workers who need to take care of a sick family member and otherwise punishes employees for lawful absences. Katie Orzehowski says her miscarriage last fall almost cost her a job. A cashier at the Walmart in North Huntingdon, Pa., Ms. Orzehowski said she tried to use doctors’ notes and hospitalization records to excuse her missed shifts, to no avail. Worried that another absence would get her fired, she went back to work. Load Error “I still had a lot of bleeding going on, and that’s embarrassing,” Ms. Orzehowski, 26, said. Her account is one of dozens included in the report, which clashes with the company’s recent efforts to project a more worker-friendly image. Walmart has long been known for its penny-pinching attention to detail and its opposition to organized labor. But in the past couple of years, the company has announced that it would raise its minimum wage to $10 an hour and has pledged to invest heavily in training and paying workers. Workers’ advocates have expressed skepticism about the retailer’s commitment to improving the lives of its more than one million employees. Around the same time that Walmart lifted wages, it cut merit raises and introduced a training program that could keep hourly pay at $9 an hour for up to 18 months. In November, A Better Balance filed a complaint with the employment commission on behalf of Arleja Stevens, a Walmart employee who said she was fired after missing too many shifts because of complications from her pregnancy. In that filing, the group accused Walmart of violating the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act. The employment commission is investigating the accusation, Ms. Bakst said. Mr. Hargrove said the company disagreed with Ms. Stevens’s claims. A Better Balance also participated in a separate lawsuit last month alleging that Walmart discriminated against pregnant employees The company has disputed the claims of the two women at the center of the suit. A Better Balance wrote the survey questions used for Thursday’s report. The questions asked employees whether they believed that Walmart had a problem of regularly punishing people for absences relating to an illness or disability, and about how the company treated absences. The group worked with the labor group OUR Walmart, which promoted the survey to workers who listed Walmart as their employer on Facebook, according to Andrea Dehlendorf, a director of OUR Walmart. “Although this system is supposed to be ‘neutral’ and punish all absences equally, along the lines of a ‘three-strikes-and-you’re-out’ policy, in reality, such a system is brutally unfair,” the report says of Walmart’s absence-control policy. “It punishes workers for things they cannot control and disproportionately harms the most vulnerable workers.” Walmart assigns disciplinary points for unexcused absences and other infractions. Nine points in a six-month period can result in an employee’s being fired, according to a copy of the company’s absence policy reviewed by The New York Times. New employees may be fired for accruing four points in their first six months. While Walmart has written guidelines for how managers and supervisors should respond to employees who need help because of medical issues, those policies are not always followed, according to the report. “They just straight up tell you, ‘We don’t accept excuses,’” said Ms. Orzehowski, who still works for the company. In a follow-up email, Mr. Hargrove said that the company did “not have any information that would support that Ms. Orzehowski advised us of a medical reason for her absences.” “If that were the case, she could have used those medical records to apply for a leave or accommodation,” he said. The Americans with Disabilities Act requires businesses with 15 or more employees to make reasonable accommodations for disabled workers. In 2008, the definition of a disabled worker was expanded, to include temporary medical conditions like complications relating to a pregnancy. The Family and Medical Leave Act protects eligible workers — those who have been employed for 12 months at a company with 50 or more employees — who need to take time off to care for themselves or a family member. Under the A.D.A., employers must work with employees to determine if workers are eligible for such accommodations. Dismissing doctors’ notes or otherwise refusing to consider the reason for a worker’s absence could potentially be “skirting the analysis” in which employers are required to engage, according to Michelle Caiola, the director of litigation for Disability Rights Advocates, a nonprofit group, and a former senior trial lawyer for the E.E.O.C., which enforces federal worker protections. “A company as big as Walmart, it’s surprising that they don’t have the appropriate training for the personnel that would be overseeing these sorts of leaves,” Ms. Caiola said. Mr. Hargrove said that the company had worked with “countless” employees to successfully authorize their absences from work. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The New York Times Where the Teacher’s Pet Sleeps in a Dog Bed The New York Times New study nods to more rigorous preschools The New York Times Does Trump Still Think Climate Change Is a Hoax? The New York Times The New York Times View the Full Site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored ASUS 2-in-1: All day battery! Perfect for travel Create, play, & work w/ the new Surface Pro Bose water-resistant speaker sets the bar Injustice 2: Every battle defines you Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Rating Reiterated by Wells Fargo & Co Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Westpac Banking Corp (WBK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research PolyOne Co. (POL) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.66 Per Share Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAYER MOTOREN WERK EUR1 (BAMXF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Danone SA (DANOY) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Arkema S.A. (ARKAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) PT Lowered to $6.00 at Mizuho Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Qiagen NV (QGEN) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG AnaptysBio Inc (ANAB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research DA Davidson Comments on Antero Midstream Partners LP’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AM) Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Given a $116.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) Cut to D+ at TheStreet Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) Upgraded at TheStreet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Rating Reiterated by Wells Fargo & Co June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wells Fargo & Co restated their neutral rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) in a research report sent to investors on Monday. A number of other analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Cowen and Company reiterated an outperform rating and set a $83.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a sell rating and set a $67.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC increased their price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores from $86.00 to $88.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, May 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $74.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Susquehanna Bancshares Inc assumed coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, February 10th. They set a positive rating and a $80.00 price target for the company. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $78.41. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 79.81 on Monday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $76.23 and its 200 day moving average is $71.38. The stock has a market cap of $242.22 billion, a PE ratio of 18.12 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores has a one year low of $65.28 and a one year high of $79.81. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.98 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.36 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-rating-reiterated-by-wells-fargo-co.html. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, insider Jacqueline P. Canney sold 1,322 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.75, for a total transaction of $104,107.50. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 23,854 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,878,502.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider David Chojnowski sold 5,142 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.36, for a total transaction of $408,069.12. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 13,259,726 shares of company stock worth $1,016,472,206. 51.55% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in WMT. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 1,866.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 91,133,379 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $6,568,893,000 after buying an additional 86,498,829 shares in the last quarter. Dodge & Cox purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,503,922,000. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter valued at about $274,739,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $262,122,000. Finally, Two Sigma Advisers LP purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $237,230,000. 29.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Saturday, June 03, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / In test, Wal-Mart workers deliver online orders on their way home By Robbie Neiswanger This article was published June 2, 2017 at 4:30 a.m. PHOTO BY BEN GOFF Wal-Mart’s pilot program using its own employees to deliver packages to customers was discussed Thursday by Wal-Mart U.S. President and CEO Greg Foran (from left), Jane Ewing, senior vice president for digital acceleration, and Marc Lore, president and CEO of e-commerce. Comments aAFont Size Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is testing a new delivery service that uses its own employees to drop off packages to customers for extra pay at the end of their store shifts. The pilot program, which was introduced Thursday as part of the retailer's shareholders week, continues Wal-Mart's efforts to take advantage of its size and scale to gain an edge against retail competitors such as Amazon.com. Company officials said the delivery service, which began a month ago and is voluntary for employees, is being tested at one unspecified Northwest Arkansas store and two New Jersey locations. Employees who have volunteered to participate in the program are armed with a mobile application, which was built by the company and designates where they're heading after their work shifts end. The app then identifies Walmart.com and Jet.com packages that can be delivered along the route. Wal-Mart said employees can choose which days they want to deliver items, the number of packages they want to drop off and the size of the items they'll take with them. "You can imagine hundreds of associates who live all around in different neighborhoods around the Wal-Mart," said Marc Lore, who is the company's U.S. e-commerce chief. "We take the packages and say, 'OK, this associate lives over here and they're going to drive this way all along the route.' So the distance is pretty short that they need to go off their commute." Wal-Mart declined to specify how much employees will be compensated for delivering packages, but a spokesman said the company is complying with minimum wage and overtime laws. [EMAIL UPDATES: Get free breaking news alerts, daily newsletters with top headlines delivered to your inbox] Officials believe the service will speed up the delivery time on items and help cut costs by utilizing its 4,700 stores and 1.5 million employees. The company said 90 percent of the country's population lives within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart store. So far, the retailer said it has delivered hundreds of items as part of the three-store test the past month, and many of those have been dropped off at doorsteps within a day of being ordered. "You can imagine the future possibilities once this network is built out," Lore said, projecting that a successful pilot program could lead to an expansion of services to areas like fresh groceries or same-day delivery. The e-commerce initiative is the latest to be introduced since Lore joined the company as part of Wal-Mart's $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com last August. Wal-Mart previously announced plans to offer free two-day shipping on orders of at least $35 earlier this year. The company has recently started offering discounts to customers on products they order online and pick up in stores. The initiatives helped Wal-Mart's e-commerce sales increase 63 percent in the first quarter of the fiscal year. Annibal Sodero, an associate professor at the University of Arkansas' Sam M. Walton College of Business, said searching for solutions to curb last-mile delivery costs aren't new for the company. Wal-Mart has experimented with different options the past few years, according to Sodero. Wal-Mart announced during last year's shareholders meeting that it was partnering with ride-sharing services Uber and Lyft on grocery deliveries as part of a pilot program. The grocery delivery tests are ongoing, according to a Wal-Mart spokesman. "The key here is the final mile delivery cost," Sodero said. "Final mile delivery in e-commerce may account to up to 30 percent of the total logistics costs, being by far the largest component of the total logistics costs. This is just another attempt of Wal-Mart at lowering those costs." Wal-Mart also said it is taking precautionary actions to ensure its employees are vetted before delivering packages to customers. Those who volunteer for the program must submit to a background check and must have a clean driving record. Customers won't know when they order an item whether an employee will be delivering the product or one of the retailer's other last-mile partners like UPS or FedEx. Employees will wear their Wal-Mart vests when delivering to a home and will ask for a signature if the customer answers the door. If not, the package will be left on the doorstep. Carol Spieckerman, a retail consultant and president of Spieckerman Retail, said training will be important for those employees because they'll serve as the "face" of the company with customers who may not regularly shop at Wal-Mart stores. "This marks yet another way that Wal-Mart is creatively leveraging its physical scale, both in terms of store locations and their proximity to consumers, and Wal-Mart's army of associates," Spieckerman said. "It makes nothing but sense as Wal-Mart will be using existing associates already on its payroll, providing an incremental income for associates who opt into the program and a bit of an insurance policy for Wal-Mart in terms of security. Existing employees will have an incentive to keep things on the up and up and to work efficiently in order to stay in good standing." Business on 06/02/2017 Print Headline: Wal-Mart workers go extra mile; In test, employees deliver online orders on their way home Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business PHOTOS/VIDEO: At shareholders meeting, Wal-Ma... U.S. employers add 138,000 jobs; rate dips to... Survey: Jobs up 253,000 in May In test, Wal-Mart workers deliver online orde... Auto sales fall for 5th straight month For lumber firms hit by U.S. tax, Canada offe... Cuban entrepreneurs form group Buyers of funds seeing fees fall Ride-sharing company Uber reports $708M quart... More Business stories > Comments on: In test, Wal-Mart workers deliver online orders on their way home To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (23 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (21 comments) VIDEO: Trump pulling U.S. from global climate pact, upsetting allies (29 comments) Panel: Comey to testify Thursday (14 comments) U.S. to exit Paris climate pact (17 comments) Officials respond to possible drowning at Little Rock apartment complex; 1 taken to hospital (3 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Napco Security Technologies (NSSC) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.25 Newpark Resources (NR) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.30 Oppenheimer Holdings (OPY) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect Nuveen Premiumome Municipal Fund (NPI) Share Price Nike (NKE) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.15 National Grid plc (NGG) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.09 Brokerages Set Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) PT at $112.60 NRG Yield, Inc. Class C (NYLD) Receives $20.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Signature Bank (SBNY) Receives $171.70 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Analysts Set Bloomin' Brands Inc (BLMN) PT at $20.25 BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC Has $456,000 Stake in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Greenwoods Asset Management Ltd Invests $4.06 Million in ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc (ZTO) Yanzhou Coal Mining Co Ltd (YZC) Position Maintained by Segantii Capital Management Ltd Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Shares Bought by Symphony Asset Management LLC Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Sells 17,728 Shares of Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) CRH Medical Corp (CRHM) Stake Held by Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC Dai Ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd Has $204,000 Position in Xylem Inc (XYL) Dixon Hubard Feinour & Brown Inc. VA Boosts Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Alleghany Co. (Y) Stake Boosted by State of Wisconsin Investment Board Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Held by JFS Wealth Advisors LLC June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JFS Wealth Advisors LLC continued to hold its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 12,502 shares of the retailer’s stock at the end of the first quarter. JFS Wealth Advisors LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $864,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of WMT. Fred Alger Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 2.1% in the fourth quarter. Fred Alger Management Inc. now owns 29,172 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,016,000 after buying an additional 599 shares during the period. Payden & Rygel boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 12.1% in the third quarter. Payden & Rygel now owns 141,520 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $10,206,000 after buying an additional 15,300 shares during the period. Sigma Planning Corp boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 7.4% in the third quarter. Sigma Planning Corp now owns 28,148 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,030,000 after buying an additional 1,950 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 3,251,918 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $224,773,000 after buying an additional 35,845 shares during the period. Finally, Cohen Lawrence B boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the first quarter. Cohen Lawrence B now owns 6,050 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $436,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the period. 29.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) traded up 1.54% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $79.81. 8,153,099 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $242.22 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.12 and a beta of 0.09. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $76.23 and a 200-day moving average of $71.38. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12 month low of $65.28 and a 12 month high of $79.81. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. Wal-Mart Stores’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.98 EPS. Analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Held by JFS Wealth Advisors LLC” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stake-held-by-jfs-wealth-advisors-llc.html. WMT has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Bank of America Corp reissued a “buy” rating and set a $88.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Vetr raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.31 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, March 27th. KeyCorp reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $90.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “sell” rating and set a $67.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. Wal-Mart Stores has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $78.31. In related news, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 2,576,324 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.65, for a total transaction of $202,627,882.60. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $530,775,817. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total transaction of $211,500,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $740,752,453.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 13,259,726 shares of company stock valued at $1,016,472,206. 51.55% of the stock is owned by insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
63.0° Sections News News Home Local State Nation and World Community Lifestyle eEdition Sports Sports Home Preps Professional Bears Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest College Records Obituaries Births Police/Fire Birthdays Corrections Opinion Opinion Home Cartoons Editorials Letters Columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Home Books Deals Eat/Drink Events Movies Music Sauk Scene Technology Television The List Travel Share Submit an Event Contact Us About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Contests Coupons e-Edition Events Feedback Follow Us Forms Get Newsletter Photos Planit Sauk Valley Public Notices Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads txtAlerts Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Video Weather More Pro Football Weekly Photos and Lists Today's Ads Video News Video Live Video Photo Store Cars815.com Public Notices Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access saukvalley.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Local news, prep sports, Chicago sports, local and regional entertainment, business, home and lifestyle, food, classified and more! News you use every day! Daily, Daily including the e-Edition or e-Edition only. Subscribe Text Alerts Choose your news! Select the text alerts you want to receive: breaking news, prep sports scores, school closings, weather, and more. Text alerts are a free service from SaukValley.com, but text rates may apply. Sign Up Email Newsletters We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Sign up for free e-newsletters today. Sign Up Online Newspaper SectionsSubscribe Nation & World Walmart testing delivery of online orders by store employees By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics WriterJune 1, 2017 BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) – In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Related Links Rock Falls Rotary Club news More than 200 attend survivor dinner Jobs data could signal shortage of qualified workers to hire Taking a page from their ‘Wish Book’ Walmart testing delivery of online orders by store employees Tweets from https://twitter.com/saukvalley/lists/svm-news-sports-staff Reader Poll Donald Trump has been president for about 100 days. How would you rate his performance so far? Excellent Good Average Fair Poor Vote!Show results AboutContactSubscribe Privacy PolicyEditorial Principles Today's AdsCareersCopyright © 2017 SaukValley.com. All rights reserved. Published in Sterling, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 7:00 pm JMA trade show sends important signal to world – PM 8:00 pm Gov't promises intensified campaign against human trafficking 7:45 pm Afghanistan win toss, opt to bat first against Windies 6:45 pm Gov't reviewing drain and gully systems 6:00 pm NIA welcomes financial declaration by Paulwell 5:45 pm New programme has Wal-Mart workers making home deliveries Thursday, June 01, 2017 Tweet NEW YORK, United States (AFP) — Want something from Wal-Mart? Employees may soon bring it right to your doorstep.The company said Thursday it was testing a program under which store employees will deliver goods to consumers on their way home, as it competes for business with Amazon and other online retailers. Wal-Mart said the program, launched in three test stores in the United States with an eye towards broader use, would be voluntary for employees, who would earn extra money for packages delivered. "Associates are fully in control of their experience," said Wal-Mart US eCommerce chief executive Marc Lore in a blog post. "If they don't want to participate, they don't have to." "Associates choose how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages and which days they're able to make deliveries after work – it's completely up to them, and they can update those preferences at any time." Lore described the initiative as a potential "game-changer" because the chain's vast scale could enable it to make deliveries more quickly to consumers. Wal-Mart, the world's biggest retailer, has 4,700 stores across the country, with its stores within 10 miles (16 kilometres) of 90 per cent of the US population. The initiative will begin at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. The programs comes as Wal-Mart continues to beef up its e-commerce business, which is still small compared with market leader Amazon, which accounts for about 43 per cent of US online sales, according to consultancy Slice Intelligence. But Wal-Mart has invested heavily in e-commerce in recent years. E-commerce sales surged 63 per cent and merchandise volume saw a 69 per cent jump in the first quarter. However, company officials say e-commerce is still a relatively small part of overall sales. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus JMA trade show sends important signal to world – PM Gov't promises intensified campaign against human trafficking Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills Afghanistan win toss, opt to bat first against Windies Gov't reviewing drain and gully systems NIA welcomes financial declaration by Paulwell Forex: J$130.02 to one US dollar 'Liar, Liar': Election song reaches number 4 on UK charts Paulwell to observe UK election PNP supports CARICOM observer mission in Venezuela crisis Individuals can now access information at AGC website US man sentenced for lottery scamming based in Jamaica C'bean hoteliers urge support for Paris accord ONLINE READERS COMMENT: Don't ticket robot taxi passengers Education Ministry reviewing reports on teachers trimming of Vauxhall student US asks visa applicants for social media handles Haiti prepares for 2017 Hurricane season Cops search shop after man flees, find two guns Vauxhall teachers arrested after shaving student's head Belize PM says he will not dismiss minister over US visa cancellation ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Prescott eNews  |   Chino Valley eNews  |    Prescott Valley eNews    |   eNewsAZ |   QUAD POD Home News Current News KQNA News Community Prescott Valley Chino Valley Yavapai County Events Aviation: Fly Prescott Community Calendar Submit an Event Education Education News Prescott Schools Embry-Riddle ( ERAU) Guidance Aviation Yavapai College Prescott College Northpoint Features Columnists Mountain Gardener In-Home Care Auto Corner On Sale This Week Mile High Show Health Watch Politics Opinion Real Estate News & Info Sports College Sports High School Sports Pro Sports Business & Tech Business News Business Intelligence Reports Business Profiles Marketing Minute Non-Profits Pet Organizations Big Brothers Big Sisters Home News Current News KQNA News Community Prescott Valley Chino Valley Yavapai County Events Aviation: Fly Prescott Community Calendar Submit an Event Education Education News Prescott Schools Embry-Riddle ( ERAU) Guidance Aviation Yavapai College Prescott College Northpoint Features Columnists Mountain Gardener In-Home Care Auto Corner On Sale This Week Mile High Show Health Watch Politics Opinion Real Estate News & Info Sports College Sports High School Sports Pro Sports Business & Tech Business News Business Intelligence Reports Business Profiles Marketing Minute Non-Profits Pet Organizations Big Brothers Big Sisters Celebration Friday: It's National Donut Day! Featured font size + – 02 June 2017   Lynne LaMaster It’s the one day of the year we all can – and should! – celebrate together: National Donut Day! Donut Day - aka, Doughnut Day - has a fascinating story behind it, which you can read below. But, first, let’s share the celebration opportunities around town. Fry’s Food Stores is starting the celebration early, offering one dozen donuts for just $2.99 on both Thursday and Friday.  Prescott Donut Factory Want to support a Mom’n’Pop store? Check out the Prescott Donut Factory on Iron Springs Road.  They are offering their delicious, homemade donuts for just $.99 each or a dozen for $9.95. In addition, if kids come in, they can enter a free drawing to win some awesome donut-y swag, including t-shirts, a mug, a backpack, socks and more.  WalMart is offering one free donut per customer on Friday, but the recommendation is to go early to get it. “We run out really quick,” the WalMart bakery lady said.  Safeway? Bah! They have no special offers, although they do have the standard donut holes for $5 per container.  Mortimer’s Donuts One more local offer to tell you about: Mortimer’s Farms.  I ate so many of these, I lost count. Now, I’ll be honest. I like donuts, but they’re not my very favorite thing ever. If I had to choose between a donut and chocolate cake, well, the cake would probably win. I’d never say I was addicted to donuts or anything like that, except…  Mortimer’s Donuts. Are. Amazing. My husband and I attended the Adult Easter Egg Hunt in April at Mortimer’s. They had a long table laid out with appetizer-type food like chips and dip, deviled eggs and more. I remember it was quite delicious, and my husband and I enjoyed ourselves immensely.  But, at the end of the table were piles of donuts. Fresh, wonderful, homemade donuts. Everything else they served was obscured by those stupendous donuts. I don’t know how many I ate, I lost count. If they had served medium rare ribeye steak and lobster next to the donuts, it wouldn’t have mattered, I would have been blinded by the sight of those round little delicacies.  Okay, so I know it takes a bit of a scenic drive to get to Mortimer’s Farm. It’s all the way out in Dewey. But, it’s so worth it. Trust me. It’s worth every mile, yes, every single mile. And no, Mortimer’s is not paying me to write this. If they did, I’d insist on being paid in donuts, just for the record. I am simply telling you the truth, these babies are addictive.  I called Mortimer’s and asked if they were celebrating Donut Day. You’re in luck, because the answer was, “Yes!”  Here’s the deal they’re offering - buy 6 donuts, get 6 free.  To be honest with you, twelve might not be enough. You should plan to purchase two dozen, especially if you have to share. But, take the drive. You’ll be glad you did.  Phoenix Metro Area Doughnut Deals If you happen to be in the Phoenix metro area, you’ve got lots of options. Dunkin’ Donuts is offering a free donut with the purchase of any beverage. Fractured Prune Doughnuts will give you a free OC Sand doughnut just for coming in, no purchase required. Krispy Kreme Doughnuts is also offering a freebie donut with no purchase required. The story behind National Doughnut Day You might be surprised to learn that National Donut Day started way back in 1938 as a fund raiser for The Salvation Army in Chicago. The idea was to help those in need during the Great Depression and also to honor the Salvation Army ‘Lassies’ in WWI who served donuts to soldiers. After sending a fact-finding team to France, the Salvation Army realized that US enlisted men could be supported by canteens/social centers called “huts”. These huts would serve baked goods, provide writing supplies and stamps and help with mending clothes. Each hut had about six staff volunteers, including women who could “mother” the boys who were so far away from home.  Unfortunately, the huts encountered difficulties in delivering the fresh baked goods, and two Salvation Army volunteers, Ensign Margaret Sheldon and Adjutant Helen Purviance came up with the idea of offering doughnuts instead, which were an instant hit. As a matter of fact, Sheldon described one of her typical days, “Today I made 22 pies, 300 doughnuts, 700 cups of coffee.”  The hut volunteers became known as “Doughnut Girls,” or “Doughnut Dollies”. Can’t get enough donuts on Donut Day? Well, no worries. This is just the beginning. June 8: International Jelly-Filled Doughnut Day September 14: National Cream-Filled Doughnut Day October 30: Buy a Doughnut Day Why the Marines Celebrate their very own Donut Day We’ll end on a humorous note. Some Marines celebrate their own National Donut Day on the same day as the Marine Corps’ Birthday. The US Naval Institute relays this story from the wife of a Vietnam POW: "In September 1969, after Orson had been a prisoner three very hard years (the early years were by far the worst) Ho Chi Minh died. Orson was at Son Tay with about 55 other men. One day in October he was called in for an interrogation… which he said was more of an “English lesson” for the interrogator as opposed to one of the beatings they received when Ho Chi Minh was calling the shots. The interrogator began by bragging about his country and its 4,000 year history and belittling the USA… saying, “Your country is very young, it doesn’t even have very many heroes or holidays.” Knowing that the Marine Corps birthday was coming up on November the 10, Orson began to spin a story……. "He pretended to take umbrage, saying… “No, no, no…. you are quite wrong… we have many holidays in our country, as a matter of fact, one is coming up very soon. There will be festivals and children will dress up in costumes and it’s very important to us.” The interrogator became interested so Orson proceeded that it was called, “National Donut Day”…. "Before you can really appreciate this you need a bit of background. Before Ho Chi Minh’s death, the prisoners were practically starved to death. They were eating nothing but rice and swamp grass soup (as they call it) and sometimes pumpkin soup. Orson says they estimated that he went down to a little as 120 pounds… At shoot down he was something like 175 and 6’2”. So this is unbelievably thin. The men were hungry all the time. Very hungry. About twice a year they would get what they considered an incredible treat… it was noting more than old French bread.. that had become hard and moldy, but the cooks would deep fry it and roll it in sugar and the prisoners called the result “sticky buns” and to them it was mana from heaven…. "So when explaining National Donut Day, Orson told his interrogator that “Donuts are a lot like your sticky buns… they are sweet bread, and on National Donut Day everyone has one…. or more of them.” Not sure what the outcome might be, Orson was sent back to his cell, where he immediately started tapping through the wall to all the other POWs saying…”Hey guys, you gotta back me up. I just invented a new holiday and if they find out I was pulling their leg, there will be hell to pay — tell all the guards that National Donut Day is on November 10 — don’t let me down! Pass it on!” A few weeks went by, and to everyone’s great surprise, on November 10 the prisoners at Son Tay prison — known for being one of the worst —and also for the failed rescue attempt — were served sticky buns and — Orson was the hero of the day!" Tweet K2_TAGGED Doughnuts donuts National Donut Day Prescott Donut Factory Mortimer's Family Farm Lynne LaMaster Latest from Lynne LaMaster Grand Jury Returns Indictment of 1st Degree Murder Arizona Wildfires Continue to Burn Moisture Creeps Across Northern Arizona Prescott Fire Department Holds Badge Pinning and Promotional Ceremony It's Official: Mary Beth Hrin's Campaign Starts Strong Related items A-Mazing Corn Maze and Pumpkin Fest at Mortimers Join the 10,000+ others and subscribe to the newsletter. Get all latest news Newsletter Sign-Up! For Email Newsletters you can trust. ADVERTISING Contact Advertising What Makes US Different SUBMIT Contact Editor Submit Press Release Letter to Editor Editorial Guidelines Submit Article DIGITAL SERVICE Marketing Consulting Contact Digital Services Online Advertising Social Media Marketing Website Development Search Engine Optimization ABOUT Privacy Policy Careers & Jobs Leadership & Staff About Us All content copyright © 2007-2017 by PrescotteNews & may not be republished or reproduced without written permission. All Rights Reserved.
Share 23 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-02 Kandi Burruss Almost Left ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Because Of Phaedra Parks And Porsha Williams Entertainment 2017-06-02 Marilyn Monroe’s Home Sells Over Asking Price, But Is It Haunted By Her Ghost? Some Say Yes Entertainment 2017-06-02 Ariana Grande Manchester Concert: 10,000 People Fraudulently Attempt To Claim Free Tickets Entertainment 2017-06-02 Chris Cornell Had A Prescription Drug Cocktail In System At Time Of Death, Toxicology Reveals News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-03 Bill Maher Drops N-Bomb On His HBO ‘Real Time’ Show News 2017-06-02 National Spelling Bee Champ Wins With ‘Marocain’ News 2017-06-02 World War 3: China Join U.S. In New U.N. Sanctions Against North Korea, DPRK Calls America ‘Gangster-Like’ News 2017-06-02 Ethan Guillen: Albuquerque Teen Put Pressure Cooker Bomb Under Ex-Girlfriend’s Bed, New Mexico Police Say Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-06-02 LeBron James Racist Graffiti Incident Could Be A Hoax, Clay Travis Claims Wrestling 2017-06-02 WWE News: Check Out The Women Of ‘Raw’ Prepare For War In Awesome ‘Extreme Rules’ Photoshoot Basketball, Sports 2017-06-02 NBA Commissioner Adam Silver Wants To Change The One-And-Done Rule Boxing 2017-06-02 Canelo Alvarez Vs. Gennady Golovkin: The Mexican Could Walk Away With All The Belts Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-02 LuLaRoe Americana Line Called Un-American By Some Lifestyle 2017-05-30 Outrage Over Pregnancy Test Shaming: Supermarket Forces Women To Ask Permission To Buy Pregnancy Tests [Opinion] Lifestyle 2017-05-25 National Wine Day: Quotes, GIFs, Recipes, And More Lifestyle 2017-05-24 Memorial Day 2017: Freebies, Discounts, Deals, & More Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-02 Flesh-Eating Bacteria Kills Man Who Took Swim After Getting New Tattoo Health 2017-05-30 Depressed? Stay Off Instagram Or Use New Relieved App Instead Health 2017-05-27 Lazarus Syndrome Cases Grossly Underreported, Some Scientists Suggest Passive Monitoring After Death Health 2017-05-26 Penis Transplant In South Africa Gives Patient The Right Organ With The Wrong Color Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2017-06-02 Rose Canyon Fault In San Diego Could Spark Massive Earthquake That Would ‘Liquefy’ The Ground Gaming 2017-06-02 ‘Gears Of War 4’ Horde Upgrade Incoming With New Skills, ‘Inconceivable’ Difficulty Levels And More Gaming 2017-06-02 E3 2017: Will We See More From ‘The Last Of Us: Part II’? Gaming 2017-06-01 Nintendo Delays Switch Online Paid Service To 2018, Changes Classic Game Service Policy And Shares Pricing BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-02 Joanna Krupa: ‘RHOM’ Star In Shocking Malibu Beach Wardrobe Malfunction — See The Embarrassing Photos BuzzWorthy 2017-06-02 Teen Accepted To Yale After Writing An Essay About How Much She Loves Papa John’s Pizza, Turns Yale Down BuzzWorthy 2017-06-02 Armed Doctor Arrested After Driving To Trump Hotel In Car Full Of Guns And Ammo To See The President BuzzWorthy 2017-06-02 Trump’s ‘Covfefe’ Will Not Appear In Merriam-Webster Dictionary, Says Editor, Russian Company Seeks Trademark SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Walmart Set To Release Jelly Donut Oreos This Weekend In A Sweet Ode To National Donut Day BuzzWorthy 23 0 0 June 1, 2017 Walmart Set To Release Jelly Donut Oreos This Weekend In A Sweet Ode To National Donut Day Kathryn Cook The best day of the year is almost upon us and companies around the country are doing everything they can to prepare the first Friday in June, which just so happens to be known as National Donut Day. It’s by far the the sweetest holiday in existence. And while many donut giants like Krispy Kreme and Dunkin’ Donuts are giving away freebies to customers, Oreo is taking somewhat of a different approach. Since the popular cookie retailer doesn’t include a traditional donut in their lineup of sweet goodies, they decided to give consumers the best of both worlds by unveiling one of their most innovative creations to date — the Jelly Donut Oreo. That’s right, it’s like an Oreo and donut had a love child. The unique creation is comprised of two golden Oreo cookies on the outside with a custard ring and raspberry filled center on the inside, resembling the ever so popular, yet classic jelly-filled donut. But there’s one catch — according to People Magazine, you can only purchase the Jelly Oreo Donut exclusively at Walmart stores starting this weekend. And even though Walmart isn’t giving away the cookies for free, they’re pretty reasonable at just $2.98 for a pack of 36. That’s just enough Oreos to tide you over while binging on your favorite Netflix show this weekend. A post shared by OREO (@oreo) on Sep 8, 2014 at 7:35am PDT Just last year, Walmart customers were asked to take a poll to help the retailer choose which Oreo the store would carry in 2017. The three choices included Cookies & Cream, Caramel Apple, and of course, the Jelly Donut Oreo. Believe it or not, the Cookies & Cream Oreo won the competition but Walmart decided to release the second place Jelly Donut Oreo to the public anyways. Thank goodness for us. Not surprisingly, Oreo enthusiasts took to Twitter to express their excitement over Oreo’s newest release. One user referred to the newest Oreo as “lit”. “Omg check this…a jelly donut Oreo… cookies that taste like donuts…its lit now.” Another user called Oreo’s latest cookie a great pairing with milk. “How do you make Oreos an even better match with milk? Jelly Donut flavored Oreos! #OhYeah” A post shared by OREO (@oreo) on Mar 25, 2016 at 7:12am PDT Oreo is no stranger to creating out-of-the-box cookies. Some of their past and present flavors include Red Velvet, Mint Creme, Lemon, Birthday Cake, Peanut Butter Cup, and Strawberry Shortcake just to name a few. And of course this Easter, the U.S. was blessed with Peep Oreos, which created a buzz for unique reasons. Many people claimed on social media that the bright pink filling in the Peep Oreos was turning their stools pink. That’s right, it goes in like an Oreo and comes out like a dyed pastel egg. Needless to say, the jokes on Twitter were highly entertaining. “My roommate ate a whole pack of oreo Peeps and left a pink stain in the toilet.” Other users claimed that the Oreo also dyed their tongues pink, making it very hard to remove the stain while brushing. “I tried Peep flavored Oreos yesterday. I’ve now brushed my teeth and tongue 6 times and they’re still pink. Is this just my life now?” But if Oreos aren’t your thing and you still want to celebrate National Donut Day, you can check our your local donut shop for sweet deals. As the Inquisitr reported before, tons of donut retailers are participating in National Donut Day including Krispy Kreme, who plans to give customers a free donut, with no other purchase required. Should you choose to go to Dunkin’ Donuts instead, they’re offering a free classic donut with the purchase of any beverage. How sweet it is to be alive at a time like this! [Featured Image by Nick Lundgren/Shutterstock] Share 23 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Kathryn Cook Tags: jelly donut oreo, nabisco, oreo, national donut day May 28, 2017 ‘The Bachelorette’ 2017 Spoilers: Rachel Lindsay Faces Drama With DeMario Jackson In Episode 2 May 26, 2017 ‘The Little Couple’ News: Dr. Jen Arnold, Bill Klein Initiate Legal Proceedings Amid Production Lawsuit Battle Comments LATEST HEADLINES Hank Siemers: Man Accused Of Carrying On Long-Term Affair With Melania Trump Gains Viral Infamy Jessa Duggar Compares Jana Duggar To ‘Fixer Upper’ Star Joanna Gaines Bill Maher Drops N-Bomb On His HBO ‘Real Time’ Show ‘Orange Is The New Black’ Hacker Blackmails ABC With Leak Of Another Big Show Kandi Burruss Almost Left ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Because Of Phaedra Parks And Porsha Williams Elizabeth Warren: The Trump Russia Scandal Could Be Worse Than Watergate Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Release Date Sooner Than Expected? Infinity Display And Android Nougat Confirmed ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Spoilers: Andre DiMera Gets A Marriage Proposal, Thaao Penghlis Reveals Who And Why Canadian Nurse Elizabeth Wettlaufer Blames Job Stress In Murder Of Eight Elderly Patients LeBron James Racist Graffiti Incident Could Be A Hoax, Clay Travis Claims Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories ‘Little People, Big World’: Zach And Tori Roloff Confirm Baby Jackson Has Dwarfism [Update] 22.4k 0 0 Odd Trump Tweet About #Covfefe Goes Viral, And Comics Like James Corden Add To Hilarity [Updated] 18.6k 0 0 Hillary Clinton And Donald Trump Take Shots At Each Other On Twitter 13.2k 0 0 Trump’s 11-Year-Old Son Thought Beheaded Image Was Real 11.8k 0 0 Hello Nurse! ‘Animaniacs’ Reboot Returns Pinky And The Brain And Other Warner Characters To TV 20.2k 0 0 These Are The Best ‘Covfefe’ Memes And Tweets That Have Made The Social Media Rounds So Far 8.5k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Business All Agriculture Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Startups Tourism Ricke receives lectureship award, discusses salmonella research Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May Wal-Mart execs say company doing well, but ‘tectonic changes in retail’ require more work C. Lowry Barnes invested as endowed chair of orthopaedic surgery at UAMS Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May Fort Smith Schools Superintendent gets one-year contract extension, millage vote will not happen in 2017 Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate Fort Smith acknowledges improperly claimed waste recycling credits to ADEQ Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith Schools Superintendent gets one-year contract extension, millage vote will not happen in 2017 Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Sen. Boozman seeks to designate U.S. 67 as I-57; could be years before it becomes an interstate Fort Smith acknowledges improperly claimed waste recycling credits to ADEQ Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton questions anonymous-sourced stories, supportive of Trump’s foreign diplomacy Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul U.S. Rep. Hill focused on financing secrecy in oversight role Rep. Collins thinks gun policy right where it needs to be, Rep. Blake wants more exemptions Lt. Gov. Tim Griffin says Special Counsel on Russia not a ‘witch hunt’ Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic dips below 900,000 tons in April, lowest level since 2011 Little Rock harbor project underway, latest in several TIGER-funded projects in Arkansas Executive leadership additions continue at USA Truck The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Store-to-door deliveries by Wal-Mart employees raises insurance liability question BusinessLatest News by Michael Tilley (mtilley@talkbusiness.net) 1 day ago 241 views  Tags: Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart execs were unclear on how they will – or have – resolve potential insurance liability problems in their plan to use store employees to deliver online orders from stores to a customer’s door. The Bentonville-based retailer announced Thursday (June 1) it has piloted a program in three stores – one in Northwest Arkansas and two in New Jersey – for about four weeks in which online orders at Jet.com and Walmart.com are delivered from a store to a home or business. Employees may choose the days they want to deliver, the size and weight of the packages and how many deliveries they want to make. Wal-Mart has created an algorithm that overlaps employee addresses with delivery destinations on customer orders. The company said an employee will not be asked to drive out of their way to deliver a package. Wal-Mart said it will pay employees extra for the work, and also said it will work within overtime rules. “Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates. Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way. It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer,” Walmart U.S. e-commerce CEO Marc Lore noted in a statement. If the program is expanded, it could put thousands of Wal-Mart employees on the road each day making deliveries for Wal-Mart. An accident in which the employee is at fault would be just a matter of time. Marty Clark, president of BHC Insurance which has offices in Northwest Arkansas and is based in Fort Smith, said personal auto insurance policies typically have a “business use exclusion” which would force Walmart U.S. employees who participate in the program to obtain a commercial auto policy. “And that’s more expensive” for the employee, Clark noted. The issue of auto liability as it relates to performing a service is not new, Clark said, adding that Wal-Mart lawyers and execs have plenty of examples of what can go wrong. “There are a lot of problems with services like Uber that the insurance industry has struggled with. … Those problems have been very publicly documented, so I would think they (Wal-Mart) would be aware of all the pitfalls,” Clark said. He also said Wal-Mart is “very sophisticated … and may have figured out how to deal with that (liability) question, but in my view of what I know about this is that it could place a lot of liability on the driver, on that employee.” Talk Business & Politics asked Wal-Mart for details as to how liability might be handled. Following was the only response: “Eligible associates must be 18 or older, have a valid driver’s license and proof of insurance. They must also pass a background check which includes a Motor Vehicle Records (MVR) check.” In addition to potential costly liability exposure to the employee and Wal-Mart, Clark also said the retailer will need a process to ensure the employee maintains the insurance. “How do you know when that 25-year old driver forgets to pay his premiums … and doesn’t tell Wal-Mart about it, and it just cancels out in the middle of the year?” Clark explained. Clark, whose company insures pharmacies and other businesses that operate a fleet for home deliveries, suggested a better way for Wal-Mart to handle store-to-door deliveries. “It would be a much cleaner way … from an insurance angle, if Wal-Mart not only employed the driver, but with a Wal-Mart vehicle and assumed all the liability.” Comments comments Previous post Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty Next post Panel: Thriving economies can spring from just one or two cultural ‘anchors’ Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Jason England Cash flow critical in commercial construction Marshall Ney A win for wet communities in Arkansas Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Latest Popular Ricke receives lectureship award, discusses salmonella research 11 hours ago Arkansas tax revenue collections above revised forecast in May 13 hours ago Wal-Mart execs say company doing well, but ‘tectonic changes in retail’ require more work 14 hours ago C. Lowry Barnes invested as endowed chair of orthopaedic surgery at UAMS 16 hours ago Fort Smith Schools Superintendent gets one-year contract extension, millage vote will not happen in 2017 19 hours ago Annual meeting entertainment rooted in Sam Walton’s desire for a good time 2,099 views Chick-fil-A files site plan for third location in Rogers 1,889 views The Supply Side: Suppliers of Wal-Mart and Jet at risk for audits, chargebacks 1,553 views Arkansas congressional delegation applauds Trump’s withdrawal from climate treaty 1,200 views Ernest Hemingway’s refuge in Northeast Arkansas continues to attract visitors 1,154 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
× Please Subscribe to Continue Reading. Become a digital subscriber today and enjoy unlimited access to the Omaha World-Herald anytime, anywhere. If you are a 7-day print subscriber, unlimited digital access is included in your subscription and you simply need to set up an online account. If you need help, please contact our office at 1-844-311-9811 or email owhdigital@ggl.bhmginc.com. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Digital only subscription Sign up now for a digital only subscription to omaha.com for just $9.95 a month.  As a digital only subscriber you have access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper. $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for non 7 day print subscribers Upgrade your less than 7 day World-Herald print subscription now for access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper for just $9.95 per month.   $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for 7 day print subscribers Full access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper is available at no charge to 7 day print subscribers.  Free access for current print subscribers Get Started Interested in a print subscription that includes digital access? Click here × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 72° Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics 2017 Omaha election Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone NebHSRecruiting.com The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Dining reviews Food Prowl: Omaha's best Living The Better Half Momaha Good News Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Fitness Nutrition Sex & Relationships Health Inspiration Meet Me at the Gym Race photos Live Well Nebraska Magazine Live Well Challenge Race calendar Consumer Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials Bellevue Leader Gretna Breeze Papillion Times Ralston Recorder In The Game World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Search job listings Join the BH Media Team Inside Business Legal & Public Notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 72° Clear Omaha, NE (68102) Today Except for a few afternoon clouds, mainly sunny. High 89F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight A few clouds. Low 66F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 3, 2017 @ 12:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join the BH Media Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe Home ePaper Obits Close THE ASSOCIATED PRESS People walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. Walmart is testing program that uses employees to deliver online orders as they drive home Jun 1, 2017 Updated 6 hrs ago (…) THE ASSOCIATED PRESS People walk in and out of a Walmart store, in Dallas. Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) — In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The “associate delivery” program would use Walmart’s 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company’s annual meeting. The world’s largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company said. “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way,” Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart’s U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a “very dense web” of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said Thursday. “This is not something they are required to do.” So far, employees “love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart’s labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. “When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more,” said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers labor union. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn’t provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer’s home — what the industry refers to as the “last mile” — “makes up the lion’s share of fulfillment costs,” Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart’s campaign to counter Amazon’s online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says “many” packages are arriving at customers’ homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional bricks-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon’s $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More information Walmart's strategy to compete with Amazon: Acquiring established online retailers  like Omaha’s Hayneedle Acquiring online retailers like Omaha’s Hayneedle is part of Walmart’s strategy to compete with Amazon Amazon hits $1,000 a share for the first time, giving it a market value double that of Walmart Online sales up, but in-store struggles continue for Target Walmart touts online progress at annual shareholder meeting Tags Walmart Commerce Economics Employee Delivery Company Store Worker Ravi Jariwala Package Amazon Featured Businesses agNET 422 W 1st St, Grand Island, 68848 Honeyman Rent-All 4423 S. 84th St., Omaha, NE 68127 402-331-6103 Kohll’s Pharmacy 12759 Q St, Omaha, NE 68137 402-895-3101 Bloomfield Forum 9804 Nicholas St, Omaha, NE 68114 402-390-9991 Hardscape Contractors 17330 W Center Rd, Omaha, NE 68130 402-502-2068 McKinnis Inc. 164 S 1st Street, Blair, NE 68008 402-426-2644 In case you missed it Gordmans will face plenty of competition as it converts into an off-price retailer Millard's Lumberyard District sees dramatic transformation into space for offices, retail and apartments Omaha-based Gavilon still faces an oversupply of grain from record 2016 harvest Cabela's quietly sought sale before investor push; Jim Cabela tried to keep HQ in Sidney Future of shopping malls is more promising than you might think, industry executives say Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Thousands attend tour of bright, colorful Buffett Cancer Center Replay: May 30 Warren Watch chat Coca-Cola gives money from Cherry Coke sales during Berkshire weekend to Buffett's grade school alma mater Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper TV Listings Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion ePaper Full site index Buy & sell Autos, Cars, New & Used Vehicles Classifieds Daily Deal Omaha FindIt Real Estate & Homes in Omaha Jobs Omaha, Employment Legal notices Weekly ads Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join the BH Media Team Omaha.com, Omaha, Neb. ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
» · Trump · DonaldTrump · ClimateChange · Republicans · Environment · Democrats · GOP · Resistance · Russia · election · ParisAgreement · Progressives · TeaParty · Populists · Vote · GOTV · GlobalWarming · Politics · HealthCare · Elections · trumprussia · 2018 · Climate · Community · ParisClimateAgreement · Election2018 · Paris · 2018Election · VladimirPutin · parisaccord Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign if you are outraged Trump pulled us out of the Paris climate agreement The Paris Climate deal was the most comprehensive international accord to fight climate change yet. It was signed by all but... Sign if you agree: Suspend Jared Kushner's security clearance Jared Kushner, Donald Trump's son-in-law and one of his senior advisers, is now considered a “subject of interest” by the FBI... Sign the petition: Elect the president by national popular vote Donald Trump has won the presidency after narrowly carrying a few states to put him above 270 electoral votes. But... See All 10 Campaigns » Daily Kos Labor Queue Stream Members Following Profile Walmart's new package delivery plan: Its workers can drop your order off on their way home By Laura Clawson   Thursday Jun 01, 2017 · 12:22 PM PDT 2017/06/01 · 12:22 244 Comments Share this article 128 128 128 Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS Labor Recommended Walmart Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History No history yet. Done Editing Tags 244 Comments Share this article 128 128 128 Walmart has a totally great, in no way open to abuse, new way to compete with Amazon: it’ll just have its in-store workers deliver packages on their way home from work. “Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this,” he said, adding that 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of a Walmart store. “There is really strong overlap between where are associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go.” Management claims this is a great new thing for workers: The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. [...] The program is voluntary for Walmart employees, Jariwala said, adding that they can sign up for up to 10 deliveries per day using a company app. They can also set size and weight limits on packages. If there are not enough employees to deliver packages, Jariwala said carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. “This is completely an opt-in program,” he said. “This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift.” And no manager ever retaliated against a worker for not participating in a supposedly voluntary program. And we can completely believe that Walmart will make the additional pay for deliveries fair to workers. Walmart has earned our trust like that with its stellar treatment of workers in its stores, right? Yeah, right. Right now this is a pilot program in three stores, but wait until it becomes a widespread practice—smart money says the abuse stories will start rolling in pretty quickly. 244 Comments Share this article 128 128 128 244 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes
Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Seen on WBRC FOX6 News Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings Plan Your Evening News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features Fugitive Finder Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Walmart testing store employee delivery of US online orders 2017-06-02T04:24:12Z2017-06-02T04:24:12Z By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER AP Economics Writer BENTONVILLE, Ark. (AP) - In its latest effort to compete with online giant Amazon, Walmart is testing a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Walmart's 4,700 U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said Thursday. The announcement came just a day before the company's annual meeting. The world's largest retailer says workers can choose to participate and would be paid. The service is being tested at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Walmart has stores within 10 miles of 90 percent of the U.S. population, the company says. "Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart's U.S. online operations, wrote on the company website. Ravi Jariwala, a Walmart spokesman, said all those employees driving home represent a "very dense web" of potential delivery locations for the company. Employees who want to participate will be able to use an app to specify how many packages they are willing to deliver, Jariwala said, as well as the weight and size limits on the packages. Jariwala would not provide details about how workers would be paid, but said the company would comply with all federal and state minimum wage and overtime laws. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said Thursday. "This is not something they are required to do." So far, employees "love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that's already part of their daily routine," Lore wrote. Some critics of Walmart's labor practices questioned how voluntary such a program will be. "When so many workers are paid so little that they need government assistance to make ends meet, it becomes a necessity, not a choice, to do what they can to earn more," said Randy Parraz, director of Making Change at Walmart, a group funded by the United Food and Commercial Workers. The move could result in significant cost savings, though the company didn't provide estimates of how much. Still, the final delivery step to a customer's home - what the industry refers to as the "last mile" - "makes up the lion's share of fulfillment costs," Jariwala said. The move is the latest step in Walmart's campaign to counter Amazon's online dominance. Shoppers on Walmart.com can already choose to pick up items at a nearby store for a lower price. Walmart has also revamped its shipping program and offers free, two-day shipping for online orders of its most popular items with a minimum purchase of $35. In its tests so far, Walmart says "many" packages are arriving at customers' homes just a day after an order has been placed. Participating employees will have to undergo background checks and a check on their driving records, Jariwala said. Faster shipping has become a key area of competition as online retail continues to grow at a double-digit pace, while traditional brick-and-mortar stores struggle with falling sales. Members of Amazon's $99-a-year Prime service in thousands of areas can receive orders the same day or the next, depending on the item and location. And in about 30 cities, Prime Now members can get some items in an hour or two. Walmart has previously tested delivery services using Uber drivers. Jariwala said that test is still going on. But Lore noted that the employee delivery service would save a step compared with third-party services that require a driver to travel to a store to pick up a good, then deliver it, then return home. Walmart workers would simply travel from the store they already work at to make the delivery. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Chicago, Trump administration have draft police reform deal Chicago, Trump administration have draft police reform deal Posted: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:58 GMT Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:58 GMT Two Chicago newspapers are reporting the city has proposed to the U.S. Justice Department that its police department be overseen by an independent monitor.More >> Two Chicago newspapers are reporting the city has proposed to the U.S. Justice Department that its police department be overseen by an independent monitor.More >> 3rd worker found dead after blast at Wisconsin corn mill 3rd worker found dead after blast at Wisconsin corn mill Posted: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:56 GMT Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:56 GMT Crews have recovered the body of a third worker from the ruins of a corn mill in southern Wisconsin, two days after an explosion at the facility.More >> Crews have recovered the body of a third worker from the ruins of a corn mill in southern Wisconsin, two days after an explosion at the facility.More >> Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn't cause death Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn't cause death Posted: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:51 GMT Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:51 GMT Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell had drugs in his body, including an anti-anxiety medication, but they didn't contribute to his death. (Source: Photo by Casey Curry/Invision/AP) Autopsy reports show Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell had sedatives and other drugs in his system on the night he died by hanging himself in his Detroit hotel room. More >> Autopsy reports show Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell had sedatives and other drugs in his system on the night he died by hanging himself in his Detroit hotel room.More >> 3 ex-Penn State officials sent to jail in Sandusky scandal 3 ex-Penn State officials sent to jail in Sandusky scandal Posted: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:49 GMT Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:49 GMT Ex-Penn State President Graham Spanier and two other one-time school administrators are heading to court to be sentenced for child endangerment for failing to report Jerry Sandusky to authorities in 2001.More >> Ex-Penn State President Graham Spanier and two other one-time school administrators are heading to court to be sentenced for child endangerment for failing to report Jerry Sandusky to authorities in 2001.More >> Press groups urge congressional probe on assault of reporter Press groups urge congressional probe on assault of reporter Posted: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:45 GMT Updated: Saturday, June 3 2017 2:58 AM EDT2017-06-03 06:58:45 GMT A coalition of press groups is asking Congress to consider disciplinary action against Montana's newly elected congressman, Greg Gianforte, who is accused of throwing a reporter to the ground during a confrontation...More >> A coalition of press groups is asking Congress to consider disciplinary action against Montana's newly elected congressman, Greg Gianforte, who is accused of throwing a reporter to the ground during a confrontation a day before the election.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business Retail June 2 2017 Save Print Walmart asks staff to deliver packages on their way home Abha Bhattarai facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Business Day: Sign up for our newsletter Walmart's newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 04:37 Why investors are excited about Amazon Why investors are excited about Amazon Amazon shares reach a milestone by briefly rising above $US1000 for the first time on Tuesday. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next The unknown recession Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:53 Video duration 01:53 The unknown recession The unknown recession Australia may have enjoyed more than 25 years without a recession, but as Peter Martin explains, it's been a close run thing. Up Next Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Play Video Don't Play Video duration 06:47 Video duration 06:47 Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Virgin Group founder Richard Branson urges the importance of countries working together to tackle climate change. Up Next Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower Play Video Don't Play Video duration 05:31 Video duration 05:31 Wall Street signals bond yields to remain ... Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower The Australian dollar was around US50 cents the last time the yield advantage was this small. Up Next Scaremongering season Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:15 Video duration 02:15 Scaremongering season Scaremongering season The old rule applies: if an economist makes a dire prediction of doom and gloom, he or she gets plenty of media attention. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next What to expect from retail sales Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:18 Video duration 02:18 What to expect from retail sales What to expect from retail sales AMP Chief Economist Shane Oliver predicts the risk of another RBA rate cut this year. Up Next Weak consumer sentiment weighs on retailers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:58 Video duration 01:58 Weak consumer sentiment weighs on ... Weak consumer sentiment weighs on retailers Consumers are the most unhappy since the financial crisis and with many shoppers struggling with record household debt, it's hard to see if that's going to improve. More videos Why investors are excited about Amazon Amazon shares reach a milestone by briefly rising above $US1000 for the first time on Tuesday. The idea, Walmart executives said on Thursday, was to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers' homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfilment process. "It just makes sense. We already have trucks moving orders from fulfilment centres to stores for pick-up," Marc Lore, chief executive of Walmart's e-commerce business, and the founder of Jet.com, said in a blog post on Thursday afternoon. Related Content 'Most exposed': Wesfarmers tipped to lose $400m to Amazon Amazon 'hype' over the top "Those same trucks could be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to their final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver them to the customer's house." The company began testing the package-delivery program a month ago in three stores – two in New Jersey, one in north-west Arkansas – but did not offer details on when, or where, it would expand across the United States. Advertisement Employees would be paid extra, and offered overtime pay as necessary to make the deliveries, Walmart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said Thursday. "Walmart is uniquely qualified, uniquely positioned, to be able to offer this," he said, adding that 90 per cent of Americans lived within 16 kilometres of a Walmart store. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The idea is to cut costs on the expensive 'last-mile of deliveries', when packages are driven to customers' homes. Photo: Bloomberg "There is really strong overlap between where are associates are already heading after work and where those packages need to go." The company is billing the program as a way for employees to earn extra money, although there were few details on how they would be paid. Mr Jariwala declined to clarify whether employees would be paid based on distance, time, number of deliveries or a combination of those things. Mr Jariwala said Walmart employees had delivered hundreds of packages over the last month, fulfilling orders placed on Jet.com, which Walmart acquired last year, as well as Walmart's own website. The announcement comes as Walmart doubles down on its online business, where sales grew 63 per cent in the first quarter of this year. The company - long the country's largest retailer - has taken aggressive steps in the past year, beginning with its $US3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com to compete with Amazon.com, which currently accounts for about 33 per cent of the country's online sales. (Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.) Walmart has also been rapidly expanding its grocery pick-up program, in which shoppers retrieve online orders in the parking lots of a nearby store. More recently, the company has begun offering discounts on certain digital purchases if customers opt to pick them up in-store. In that model, Walmart uses its own trucking fleet to deliver packages to stores, tapping into an existing transportation network. A year ago, Walmart announced it would partner with ride-sharing services like Uber, Lyft and Deliv to deliver groceries in Phoenix, Denver and Miami. Those efforts were ongoing, Mr Jariwala said. Walmart's move comes as Amazon continues to build up its transportation and logistics firepower to support speedy delivery. Amazon.com has leased a fleet of 40 cargo jets to bolster its supply chain, and has developed an Amazon-branded trucking fleet. The Seattle-based company has also created Amazon Flex, an on-demand network of drivers, in which the model is similar to Uber or Lyft. The program was voluntary for Walmart employees, Mr Jariwala said, adding that they could sign up for up to 10 deliveries a day using a company app. They could also set size and weight limits on packages. If there were not enough employees to deliver packages, Jariwala said carriers like UPS and FedEx would fill in. "This is completely an opt-in program," he said. "This is not something associates are required to do. They are, first and foremost, always going to finish their shift." The Washington Post Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Walmart asks staff to deliver packages on their way home. Related Content Australians targeted by Amazon spam scam 'Dark days' for retailers as Cyclone Amazon approaches Amazon to slash JB Hi-Fi, Harvey Norman earnings: Citi Advertisement HuffPost Australia 42 Million Calls To Centrelink Got A ... Contains: External link Locked Out Of The Housing Market? Here ... Contains: External link Most Popular It's about to get harder to earn Frequent Flyer points Bunnings finds it can afford to shun online Netflix shows are all worldwide hits - until they're not Are the wheels really falling off Australia's economy? Creative Gourmet frozen berries recalled again over hepatitis A fears Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business It's about to get harder to earn Frequent Flyer points Bunnings finds it can afford to shun online Are the wheels really falling off Australia's economy? Property market scaremongers need to pipe down 'High 60s': Aussie dollar bears stir WA Today Muslim students 'told to leave' Convention Centre for making patrons 'uncomfortable' Top 10: Perth's cheapest suburbs revealed Cott-Gate: Owners of gate blocking kids from laneway forced to remove it Major crime investigating death of four-month-old baby in South West What is former West Coast midfielder Tom Swift up to now? The Sydney Morning Herald Talk of recession as Australia takes world record Theresa May's early election gamble looks set to backfire Why I won't give to the Salvos appeal Leveson's boyfriend led police to bush burial site many times 'It still pains me that my dad died alone' The Age Notorious tagger Nost carrying the can for graffiti spree Theresa May's early election gamble looks set to backfire 'It still pains me that my dad died alone' Junior football coach cops massive match ban for allegedly verbally abusing girls 'I didn't ask to be hit, again': Another truck strikes Montague Street bridge Brisbane Times Why I won't give to the Salvos appeal Peter Dutton under siege in his own seat Yes, the Corbys are allowed to make money from Schapelle's crime Brisbane that never was: projects that didn't happen Talk of recession as Australia takes world record Canberra Times Why I won't give to the Salvos appeal Talk of recession as Australia takes world record Why some of Canberra's local shops are thriving and others aren't Peter Dutton under siege in his own seat Man grabbed 17-year-old girl in Gungahlin indecent assault WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- June 3 - June 6 Posted:   06/02/2017 10:31:24 PM MDT Today, June 3 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Fishing is Fun Day — 9 a.m. to noon, Overland Trail Recreation Area Fishing Pond. Colorado Parks and Wildlife demonstrations, city of Sterling Parks, Library and Recreation, Santas of Sterling, Boy Scouts teaching that fishing is fun! Fishing contests, games and prizes. Lunch is free for children 18 and under, adult meals for $3. Family Fun Saturday — 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Overland Trail Museum. Theme: 'Traveling the Trail.' See what planning went into the long journey on the trail. Free for ages 12 and under accompanied by an adult, $3 admission for adults. Information: 970-522-3895. Fleming Volleyball Golf Tournament — 9 a.m. shot gun start, F&H Golf Course, 43355 C.R. 30, Haxtun. Two Person Best Ball Scramble. Cost $50 per person to include: Green fees, lunch, and a chance to win various prizes. (Cart rental available). Registration deadline is noon, May 31. For more information, to be a sponsor, or to register: Doug Kamery 970-466-2119 or Connie Wilkening 970-520-7890. Advertisement Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. FM Country. Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Sunday, June 4 Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Monday, June 5 SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool, Pinochle — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Build a Better Monday...Environment — 2 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Circle of Parents in Recovery Group — 5 to 6 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Free childcare is provided. No enrollment requirement, join at any time. Informa-tion: cleanslatemngr@frcsterling.org, 970-520-2939 or www.facebook.com/logancleanslate. RE-1 Valley School Board Candidate Workshop — 6 p.m., Hagen Administration Center. Individuals interested in running for election to the school board are encouraged to come. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. TOPS: Take Off Pounds Sensibly — 7 p.m., VFW Hall, 803 Phelps St., 522-8396. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7:30 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Tuesday, June 6 Quarterly Blood Screening — 7 to 9 am., Christ United Methodist Church, 4th and Main St. The following blood work is offered: lipid profile with glucose $25; homocysteine $30; high sensitivity c-reactive protein $15; hemoglobin A1c $15; prostate specific antigen (PSA) $25; Vitamin D $45; or chemistry panel $35. A 12-hour fast is required for the lipid and chemistry panels. Drink plenty of water during the fast to keep your body hydrated which aids in drawing your blood. No appointment necessary. Question, call 521-3260. Logan County Commission Meeting — 9 a.m., Courthouse, 2nd floor meeting room. Baby Story Time — 9:30 to 10 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages newborn to 18 months, with an adult. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Little Readers — 10:30 to 11:15 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 3 to 5. Quilting Class — 1:30 p.m., Heritage Center. Art Challenge (Art in Our Environment) — 2 p.m., Sterling Public Library. For ages 10-15. Space is limited; registration required, call 970-522-2023 to sign up. Bring an old t-shirt to recycle into a tote bag. VFW Auxiliary — 2:30 p.m., Sterling VFW, 803 Phelps. Weight Watchers — 5:15 p.m., Broadway Plaza, Suite 14. Connie, 522-0231.¶ Under the Umbrella of LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Prince of Peace Church, 201 Phelps St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Smart Girls and Guys Youth Club — 5:30 p.m., Family Resource Center. Alzheimer's Caregivers Meeting — 6 p.m., Sterling Public Library small meeting room. Questions: Marianne Harbart 970-388-3056. Twilight Tuesday Movies in the Park — 6:30 p.m., Wisdom Park. Wells Fargo Bank will be serving hamburgers and hot dogs. Movie starts at dusk. Knights of Columbus Bingo — 7 p.m., K of C Hall, 421 S. 11th Ave. Public welcome. Sterling Miniature Aircraft Association — 7 p.m., Sterling Aircraft Flying Field, corner of C.R. 38 and 39. Information: Philip Pollock 970-580-8803. Sterling Masonic Lodge Meeting — 7:30 p.m. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Sandy VanDusen celebrates 40 year milestone at Sterling Public Library Sara Waite / Sterling Journal-AdvocateSandy Van Dusen (left), superintendent at Sterling Public Library, celebrated 40 years of service at the library on Thursday.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Troop 99 welcomes new scouts Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- June 3 - June 6   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Fight for JK House: Gloves are off as Singhanias brace for AGM bout Business Standard Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Reuters  |  Washington  June 3, 2017 Last Updated at 09:12 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWPo0I A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest US retailer, said on Friday that the comapny will remain on the business council. (Photo: Reuters) ALSO READ How bad could Trump's Paris deal pull out be? A scientist's perspective 15th-century Chinese sailors have a lesson for Trump about climate policy Will the Paris Agreement still be able to deliver after the US withdrawal? Trump's move to withdraw from Paris accord cedes global leadership to China Time for China and Europe to lead, as Trump dumps the Paris climate deal Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Read More On Us Companies | Donald Trump | Trump Paris Deal | Climate Change | Trump Climate Change | Jp Morgan | Ibm | Walmart | Donald Trump Paris Agreement | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
WFTV Orlando LIVE http://www.wftv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WFTV Orlando SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wftv profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12384721 Home 12384770 News County by County National/World News 9 Investigates Action 9 CFL Spotlight Politics Watch Live Pulse Shooting Videos: 9 Facts 12384727 Weather 5 Day Forecast LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Local Maps Hour-by-Hour Eye on the Tropics Facts and Hacks Lifestyle Forecasts Weather Pics & Video 12384812 Traffic Traffic News I-4 Ultimate Project Pump Patrol 12384830 Sports High School Football Orlando Magic Orlando City Soccer College & Pro Sports 12384884 Videos 12384962 9 Family TV 27 Community Connection Science Center Weather Experience Cox Conserves Aging Parents 12385010 Home Experts Toyota of Orlando Toyota of Clermont Shop CFL Legal Headlines The Daily Two Automotive Buy/Sell 12384974 icFlorida Local Events Entertainment Movies Pets Theme Parks/Attractions Contests 12385052 ABOUT WFTV WFTV News Team WFTV Mobile Apps WFTV Listings TV 27 TV Listings WFTV.com Media Kit WFTV.com Member Help Jobs at WFTV/WRDQ Speakers Bureau Got a story or tip? More Deputies: Band of robbers storms Orange County Walmart, fires shots by: WFTV Web Staff Updated: Jun 2, 2017 - 11:39 PM ORANGE COUNTY, Fla. - A group of armed robbers stormed into a Walmart Neighborhood Market and fired shots early Friday in the Pine Hills neighborhood, the Orange County Sheriff's Office said. The incident was reported shortly after 12:15 a.m. at the store on Clarcona Ocoee Road and North Pine Hills Road. Deputies said the masked men barged into the store as employees were preparing to close for the night. A shot was fired at one point, but no one was injured, officials said. Read: Orange County sheriff says Pine Hills is safer following crime crackdown © 2017 Cox Media Group. © 2017 Cox Media Group. The men used a gun to force employees into a safe while a third suspect stood outside. Investigators said the group got away with money and fled in a dark-colored car. “They left with a large amount of money. There was a vehicle waiting for them outside and then they left the scene,” said Ingrid Tejada-Monforte of the Orange County Sheriff’s Office. Deputies found the getaway vehicle, but not the three men. Detectives said they're reviewing footage recorded by store surveillance cameras. They released some of the footage Friday afternoon with the hope that someone might recognize the gunmen. The masks make it difficult, but some parts of their faces and clothing can be seen in the video. “By us releasing the Crimeline with their photos, hopefully someone will be able to identify (the men),” said Tejada-Monforte. “Maybe they’re known in the area. Maybe someone can recognize their height, their features or what they were wearing.” Community leaders and residents plan to gather Friday for the second day of an anti-crime event during which they plan to brainstorm ways to prevent violence in the crime-plagued neighborhood. Watch: Summit seeks to thwart crime in Orange County's black communities © 2017 Cox Media Group. © 2017 Cox Media Group. "My mother won't even let me go outside (because of) all the drama that's going on," said Juvenal Andre, a youth group member who attended Thursday's start of the anti-crime event. "People are being killed and everything." Andre said things must change in communities like Pine Hills and Parramore. "I wouldn't like to see my little brother on the ground dead or anything," he said. Watch: 9 facts about Pine Hills A suspected diaper thief was shot and killed at the same Walmart earlier this year. A $1,000 reward  is available for information leading to an arrest in the Walmart robbery.   © 2017 Cox Media Group. © 2017 Cox Media Group. Deputies: Band of robbers storms Orange County Walmart, fires shots Jury returns death sentence for man who killed 83-year-old Orange County woman Man steals $3.5 million from city of Miami Beach to buy NFL tickets, FBI says Alleged gunman was friend of victim in Edgewood's first homicide in 16… Police: 2 teenagers die when car plows through Kissimmee strip mall News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WFTV Weather Weather LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WFTV EEOC Statement WFTV Public File WRDQ Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military USO Warrior Week National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 65° F Clear Hi: 83° F Lo: 65° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military USO Warrior Week National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Latest Headlines Unlike others, Putin doesn’t criticize Trump over decision Updated: 7 mins ago WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is not getting criticism for his climate stance from at least one world leader: Russian President V… AP Top Political News at 2:48 a.m. EDT Updated: 8 mins ago AP sources: Special counsel on Russia probe expanding scope Meet America’s latest fitness star: Ruth Bader Ginsburg Updated: 7 mins ago Pence rallying GOP base in Iowa, where some cool to Trump Updated: 8 mins ago AP Top News at 2:39 a.m. EDT Updated: 18 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 65° F Clear Feels Like: 65° F Wind: SW 3 Humidity: 73% Dewpoint: 56° F Sunrise: 5:47 AM Sunset: 8:19 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides Latest Headlines NASCAR Camping World Truck-Bar Harbor 200 presented by Sea Watch International Results Updated: 5 mins ago Friday At Dover International Speedway Dover, Del. Lap length: 1.00 miles (Start position in parentheses) 1. (11) Johnny Sauter, Chevrolet, … NASCAR Camping World Truck Bar Harbor 200 Results Updated: 5 mins ago Friday At Dover International Speedway Dover, Del. Lap length: 1 mile (Starting position in parentheses) 1. (11) Johnny Sauter, Chevrolet, 2… Virginia Beach City FC gets ready for home opener June 2, 2017 Sauter wins Truck Series race at Dover International track Updated: 5 mins ago Chiefs release WR Maclin in midst of voluntary workouts Updated: 5 mins ago HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Latest Headlines Live Music Friday: Romonta June 2, 2017 PORTSMOUTH, Va. (WAVY) – The smooth sounds of Romonta filled The Hampton Roads Show studio.  It’s always great to have him as our Live Music… The Funny Bone: Leonard Ouzts June 2, 2017 PORTSMOUTH, Va. (WAVY) – Comedian Leonard Ouzts is headlining at the Virginia Beach Funny Bone this weekend and he stopped by to goof off wi… Audience: Boardwalk Art Show June 2, 2017 In The Kitchen: Duck Donuts June 2, 2017 IAHR: Josh Hill June 1, 2017 Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 65° F Clear Hi: 83° F Lo: 65° F Pursuit of stolen vehicle ends at Newport News Wal-Mart By Emily Satchell Published: June 2, 2017, 10:55 pm Updated: June 2, 2017, 11:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo courtesy WAVY viewer Cyndi Bradshaw Smith) NEWPORT NEWS, Va. (WAVY) — A police pursuit ended at a Wal-Mart in Newport News on Friday night. Virginia State Police say around 9:37 p.m, Newport News police officers were following a 2015 Ford Expedition, which was known to be stolen. Newport News police requested assistance from state police in stopping the vehicle. Troopers spotted the vehicle on I-64 west near Jefferson Avenue. A short pursuit ensued and the driver of the vehicle went to the Wal-Mart at 12401 Jefferson Avenue. State police say the driver abandoned the vehicle and tried to run, but was apprehended. No one was injured and there was no damage to any vehicles. Stay with WAVY.com for any updates on this developing story. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts 2 men, 4 juveniles charged in Newport News police chase Suspects in custody after police chase stolen car in Newport News Norfolk man accused of ramming trooper’s cruiser during pursuit Hampton Police recover car connected to missing mother and child Advertisement « Previous Story Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 1998-2017 WAVY.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix DFW CW33 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW33 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Eye Opener HomeBless Life CW Community Watch CW33 Contact Weather 70° 70° Low 69° High 81° Sat 70° 87° Sun 69° 85° Mon 70° 84° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Why Walmart may not be putting smiles on employees faces Posted 8:31 pm, June 2, 2017, by Shardae Neal Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video BENTONVILLE, AR -- You can probably find everything you need at Walmart but the employees might not be bagging the best benefits. The grocery giant is under fire for allegedly firing employees who take sick days even if they have a doctor's note. A Better Balance report claims the company also discriminates against pregnant workers, which is a direct violation of the disabilities and pregnancy discrimination act. Walmart is reportedly sacking the claims although over a thousand of their employees have come forward on the issues. But Wally World is rolling out something they hope would put a smile on their employees' faces and more money in their pockets. They're asking workers to deliver customers' packages on their way home. So imagine getting off the clock after eight hours but before you go home you have to stop at someone else's house first. Walmart hopes this new tactic will give them a leg up over Amazon Prime and other home delivery services. "We operate in a mode with very low expenses and that means innovation and efficiency," said Walmart's CEO Mike Duke. Filed in: NewsFix Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email HomeBless Life Laterras Whitfield is a man on a mission. A mission to bless the homeless in DFW and tell their stories. Popular Teen hit and killed crossing I-20 in Grand Prairie Widow of slain Dallas police officer sues to keep video of husband’s death private 3 dead after shootout at Greenville car dealership Arrest made in murder of teen killed hours after graduation Latest News Is it doughnut, or donut? We need to know New trend alert: lace shorts and glitter boobs Why Walmart may not be putting smiles on employees faces Kathy Griffin: Trump is ‘trying to ruin my life’ CW33 Your age is probably why you can’t get the job you want National/World News Robots expected to take 38 percent of U.S. jobs by 2030s NewsFix Twitter’s getting fly with United Airlines over #LeggingGate NewsFix Hundreds of volunteers get wet & dirty to clean up the Trinity River Corridor Eye Opener Woman pepper sprays 🔥👀 Wendy’s workers over stale fries 👎🍟 National/World News GRAPHIC: Video shows grandmother dressed as a witch while abusing grandchild Dose of Reality NewsFix Dose of Reality: Mapping the lost loved ones of the opioid epidemic National/World News Man reportedly carrying woman’s head walks into grocery store, stabs worker National/World News Facebook murder suspect recognized at McDonald’s after ordering McNuggets; employee alerted police NewsFix It’s a boy! April the Giraffe FINALLY gives birth National/World News Target is testing next-day delivery National/World News Spirit Airlines Brawl: Massive fight breaks out between travelers, airline & police in Florida Health NewsFix Stem cells may offer hope for autism, study finds Mobile Apps CW33 Weather App for iPhone CW33 Weather App for iPad CW33 Weather App for Android NewsFix DFW App for iPhone NewsFix DFW App for Android Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 8001 John W. Carpenter Freeway Dallas, Texas 75247 • Copyright © 2017, KDAF • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Witnesses startled after two armed men rob Orange County Wal-Mart, fire gun Orange County Sheriff's Office Armed robbery suspects Armed robbery suspects (Orange County Sheriff's Office) Caitlin DoornbosContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Witnesses were startled early Friday when two armed men robbed an Orange County Wal-Mart and fired a gun, according to an incident report. Now, the Orange County Sheriff's Office is searching for the suspects. The armed robbery happened about 12:10 a.m. when two men came into the store at 5559 Clarcona-Ocoee Road with guns as employees were waiting on one last customer before closing the store, according to an incident report The masked men took two store managers at gunpoint to an office where a safe was located and demanded cash, according to the report. Shaken, the managers handed over “two or three” containers of money, and the men took an undisclosed amount of cash. The robbers left the managers in the office and walked toward the exit. That’s when one of the suspects shot at a Wal-Mart employee who was stocking mustard in one of the aisles, according to the report. The bullet missed the employee, who dropped to the ground, ultimately lodging into merchandise on the shelf behind her, according to the report. The men left the store, yelling “stay on the ground” to a customer who tried to run away, according to the report. The suspects got into a waiting red Ford Edge sport utility vehicle and escaped. Investigators found the SUV near Rose Avenue and Rundle Road, south of Maitland Boulevard, the report said. They later discovered that it had been reported stolen. The suspects are described as about 5-feet, 9-inches to 6 feet tall and were last seen wearing black ski masks and black clothing. One of the suspects was wearing red gloves, while the other wore black and neon yellow gloves, Sheriff’s Office spokeswoman Deputy Ingrid Tejada-Monforte said. A third suspect is also wanted. He was outside holding two other employees at gunpoint in front of the store, she said. He was last wearing all black clothing with a white ski mask and black and white shoes. Anyone with information can call Crimeline at 800-423-8477. cdoornbos@orlandosentinel.com, 407-650-6931 or @CaitlinDoornbos Caption The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. Caption The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. The Seminole County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released video of an accused marijuana grower and an accomplice setting fire to his pot crop as law enforcement helicopters circled overhead. Caption A 22-year-old man was arrested by UCF Police on Wednesday for changing a grade in an engineering class.  A 22-year-old man was arrested by UCF Police on Wednesday for changing a grade in an engineering class.  Caption New bodycam footage released by Orlando, Belle Isle, and Edgewood police departments offer a better glimpse at the police response to the Pulse nightclub shooting.  New bodycam footage released by Orlando, Belle Isle, and Edgewood police departments offer a better glimpse at the police response to the Pulse nightclub shooting.  Caption Orange County deputies are searching for a person of interest related to a murder investigation of 56-year-old Dale Eric Floren. Floren was found in the parking lot of the Florida Mall. Orange County deputies are searching for a person of interest related to a murder investigation of 56-year-old Dale Eric Floren. Floren was found in the parking lot of the Florida Mall. Caption Marc Edward Knotts, member of the Outlaws Motorcycle Club, was arrested along with two other people for their suspected involvement in a shooting that left one man dead last month. Newly released arrest reports describe a "coordinated attack" outside a Circle K. Marc Edward Knotts, member of the Outlaws Motorcycle Club, was arrested along with two other people for their suspected involvement in a shooting that left one man dead last month. Newly released arrest reports describe a "coordinated attack" outside a Circle K. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Orange County News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 73°
lehighvalleylive.com Menu Home News open Local open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Place an Ad Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Obituaries Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Opinion Photos/Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Education Business Traffic Elections The Express-Times Newsletter More Back to Main Menu Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Nazareth Slate Belt Northampton County Lehigh County Warren County Back to Main Menu High School Eagles Giants Phillies More Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys lacrosse Girls lacrosse Boys track and field Girls track and field Boys tennis Boys volleyball Offseason sports open Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys basketball Girls basketball Boys swimming Girls swimming Boys soccer Girls soccer Field hockey Girls volleyball Boys cross country Girls cross country Girls tennis Boys golf Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Events open Puzzles Comics More Entertainment Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Submit an event Back to Main Menu Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Express-Times Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search lehighvalleylive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to lehighvalleylive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Express-Times Bethlehem Area News Know this guy accused of snapping intimate pic at Walmart? Updated on June 2, 2017 at 7:08 PM Posted on June 2, 2017 at 6:12 PM Bethlehem Township police said June 2, 2017, they were looking for tips on the identity of this man accused of taking an intimate photo of a female shopper at Walmart the prior day. (Courtesy photos | For lehighvalleylive.com) Bethlehem Township police said June 2, 2017, they were looking for tips on the identity of this man accused of taking an intimate photo of a female shopper at Walmart the prior day. (Courtesy photos | For lehighvalleylive.com) By Kurt Bresswein kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com, For lehighvalleylive.com Bethlehem Township police asked Friday for the public's help in identifying a man accused of taking "an intimate picture" of a female victim at Walmart. The incident unfolded about 9:45 a.m. Thursday at the 3926 Nazareth Pike store, according to police. The man seen in surveillance images from Walmart followed the victim around and made multiple attempts at taking a photo that invaded her privacy, succeeding once, police said. Investigators ask anyone with information to contact Patrolman Mark Demetrovic at mdemetrovic@bethlehemtwp.com or 610-419-9681. Anonymous tips may be submitted by texting TIP BETHLEHEMTWP followed by a message to 888777, or by visiting the department's nixle.com account. Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @KurtBresswein. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook. View Comments About Us About lehighvalleylive.com Jobs at lehighvalleylive.com Contact Us Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Subscribe to The Express-Times lehighvalleylive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Lehigh County Warren County Nazareth Slate Belt Hunterdon County Northampton County Upper Bucks Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on lehighvalleylive.com Photos Interact with us Weather Sitemap & search Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Follow Us iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 PennLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PennLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Sponsored by Skip to content Contact Sponsorships Donate Write for us 12:00am — June 03, 2017 a smarter Tucson is a better Tucson Login | Register Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Entertainment All Headlines Contact About Ethics Donate now Underwriting/Sponsorships Sign up for newsletters! Breaking News Arizona Border Crime Downtown Politics & Gov't All Local Arizona Border Biz Crime Downtown Education Enviro Media Politics & Gov't Tech All Nation/World Border Mexico/Latin America Politics & Gov't Media Tech Enviro Health Business War Weird All Headlines Arizona Politics & Gov't Mexico/Latin America All Sports Baseball Basketball Football Softball Soccer High School College Pro Analysis Comics Guest Opinion All Arts & Culture Music Dance Theatre & Stage Classical Visual Arts Books History All Entertainment All Music Rock/Indie Jazz Classical Movies Food Celebs/Pop Culture Events/To Do Search Submit your event Council candidate filings set up 2 contested primaries Ward 3 Dems, Ward 6 Greens will see August ballot choices Reporter profile More by Dylan Smith Tweet Latest Most Commented BP agent's lawyer asks judge to dismiss murder indictment Live weather radar Deputies: Help ID man who attempted strong-arm robbery at Walmart FactChecking Trump's claims in climate speech Kicks on Route 66 may slow down if preservation money runs out Actors in Bus-A-Geddon have every incentive to let Sun Tran strike happen, again5 Buy local: Don't short Tucson business over sales-tax increase4 In defense of Paula Aboud and maybe even 'cheating'4 Arizona cyber experts warn that WannaCry outbreak just tip of iceberg1 After 890 consecutive Thursdays, El Tiradito vigil for immigrants may end 1 Thanks to Posted Jun 2, 2017, 11:59 am Dylan Smith TucsonSentinel.com Tucson's city primary election in August won't just be an opportunity for candidates to organize the base this year — there will be two contested races. Three Democrats will face off for the open Ward 3 seat, and two Green Party candidates are running in the primary for Ward 6. Come November's general election, only those wards will see more than one candidate on the ballot — Ward 5 Democrat Richard Fimbres is running unopposed for another term on the City Council. In Ward 3, the winner of the Democratic primary between Felicia Chew, Paul Durham and Thomas Tronsdal will face off independent Gary Watson in November. Local Republicans declined to back Watson's run because the Northwest Fire District employee supported Prop. 101, the bump in the city sales tax to support police, fire and road repairs. Councilwoman Karin Uhlich announced that she isn't seeking another term in the ward, setting off the three-way primary. No Republican candidate turned in signatures by Tuesday's filing deadline, but Watson's name will appear on November's ballot. In Ward 6, Councilman Steve Kozachik is seeking another term. The Democrat will be facing off against Republican Mariano Rodriguez, and the Green who makes it through the primary, on the November ballot. Rodriguez hasn't been responsive to press queries, and it remains to be seen if a candidate who boosted Donald Trump so fervently that he's pulled down his previous Facebook and Twitter ("Deplorable Mariano") accounts to hide his backing, will catch on with Tucson's Democratic voting majority. But Kozachik has put a leash on his campaign, vowing to not raise funds for his reelection effort nor to buy political advertisements. Also in Ward 6, Greens Mike Cease and Michael Oatman are seeking their party's nomination. Of course, candidate's places on the ballot aren't yet set in stone with the submission of nominating petitions. The Democratic Party will be looking closely at Rodriguez's in particular. Although he filed 205 signatures, the Dems will be checking to see if they can invalidate enough of them to push him below the 115 required for a Republican to secure a ballot spot in Ward 6. Sponsorships available Support TucsonSentinel.com & let thousands of daily readers know your business cares about creating a HEALTHIER, MORE INFORMED Tucson Watson's will also likely be getting a close look, although he has a larger cushion. He filed 536 signatures, and needs 377 valid ones under the "nomination by other than primary" process in Ward 3. Under Tucson's municipal election system, candidates for the City Council are nominated by the voters in ward primaries, and then run city-wide in the general election. - 30 - have your say    Comment on this story There are no comments yet. Why don't you get the discussion going? Join the conversation... You must be logged in or register to comment Click image to enlarge Bill Morrow/Flickr Categories news, politics & government, local, arizona, breaking Read more about city council, democrats, election, felicia chew, gary watson, green party, karin uhlich, mariano rodriguez, michael oatman, mike cease, paul durham, republicans, richard fimbres, steve kozachik, thomas tronsdal More by Dylan Smith Deputies: Help ID man who attempted strong-arm robbery at Walmart Three candidates nominated for vacancy on S. Az appeals court Tucson City Court to stay open later on Tuesdays Heat may have killed hiker found in Saguaro Nat'l Park Our Fallen: Tucsonans killed in Iraq and Afghanistan wars3 Sponsored by Yes! I want to help TucsonSentinel.com offer a real news alternative! We're committed to making quality news accessible; we'll never set up a paywall or charge for our site. But we rely on your support to bring you independent news without the spin. Use our convenient PayPal/credit card donation form below or contact us at donate@tucsonsentinel.com today. Donate securely with PayPal $5,000 Newshound $2,500 Copy desk chief $1,000 Trusted source $500 Correspondent $250 Stringer $100 Cub reporter $50 Printer's Devil $25 Informed Source $10 Dear Reader Enter your own amount (below) OR: Subscribe and stretch your donation over time $5/mo. Printer's Devil $10/mo. Cub Reporter $20/mo. Stringer $40/mo. Correspondent Enter your own monthly amount (number only) TucsonSentinel.com is an Arizona nonprofit organization fiscally sponsored by FCIR.org, a 501c3 charity. Your contribution is tax-deductible. Tucson weather Weather data not available Sponsored by Sign up for TucsonSentinel.com email newsletters! Email Address * First Name Last Name Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy Become a Sponsor Donate Write for us Front Page Breaking Local Nation/World Border Sports Opinion Arts Music © 2009-2017 TucsonSentinel.com Hosting by Design by Context Designworks X close»
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Sign up for our Newsletter Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Videos Search Wal-Mart reassures employees as it touts tech investments by Reuters Friday, 2 June 2017 21:04 GMT Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular Former Yazidi sex slave makes tearful return to her Iraqi village Kidnapped for marriage: Mali pupils join forces to save classmates 'Historic mistake' by Trump - but climate action will go on One in five twins dies under age 5 in sub-Saharan Africa War, marriage and hunger: one in four childhoods cut short By Nandita Bose FAYETTEVILLE, Ark., June 2 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc executives on Friday reassured workers they remained integral to the company's success as they highlighted investments in online sales and other technology to compete with rivals like Amazon.com Inc. Wal-Mart is successfully using e-commerce to boost sales but does not want to alienate workers who have helped drive gains with improved customer service and higher morale following a rise in base pay to $10 an hour. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," Chief Executive Doug McMillon said at Wal-Mart's annual shareholder meeting where all the company's board member nominations were approved. "We will be people-led and tech-empowered." The nod to store employees and the retail workforce was a departure from past years when the company focused shareholder presentations on the technology it was adopting to close the online gap with Amazon and beat other competitors. The shift followed complaints by labor groups that Wal-Mart had to do more for workers, despite the company's $2.7 billion investment in employee training and wages in 2015 and the 2016 wage increase to $10. McMillon's comments capped a three-day media event during which the company announced initiatives like a test program that allows store workers to deliver packages ordered on the retailer's website and the use of blockchain technology to ensure safety in its food supply chain. Wal-Mart's investments in technology helped deliver a 63 percent rise in first quarter online sales, up from 29 percent growth in the fourth quarter and 20 percent in the third quarter. Its results have also outshined rivals like Target Corp , department-store chains and apparel retailers. CHAIRMAN PROPOSAL REJECTED The shareholders meeting at the Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville, Arkansas, 30 miles from the company's headquarters in Bentonville, was packed with 14,000 people, including workers from around 27 countries and shareholders. The company tapped Blake Shelton to host the show which included pop stars like Gwen Stefani, Mary J. Blige and Rachel Platten. Wal-Mart's shareholders approved all 11 company-recommended board members and voted in-line with company wishes. None of the four shareholder proposals put forward were approved. One from Making Change at Wal-Mart, part of the United Food and Commercial Workers Union, called for an independent chairman to act in the interests of Wal-Mart's hourly workers. "How can any Wal-Mart associate build a better life when they have been with the company for five years or more and they make $9 or $10 an hour," said Amy Ritter from the labor group, who presented the proposal. For years, influential proxy advisory firms have recommended shareholders vote in favor of an independent board chairman without ties to management or the founding family, ever since bribery allegations several years ago exposed serious board oversight failures. About 51 percent of Wal-Mart's stock is controlled by the Walton family and current Chairman of the Board Greg Penner is married to the grandaughter of Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton. (Reporting by Nandita Bose; Editing by Andrew Hay) Share Tweet Share Email EXPLORE MORE NEWS Afghans protesting after truck bomb killed in clash with police World pledges to save 'Mother Earth' despite Trump's snub to climate pact Original Activists occupy former British women's prison in protest against cuts Children strapped with explosives kill nine in north Cameroon About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2017 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News Activists occupy former British women's prison in protest against cuts From menstruation to masturbation, Indian soap draws 400 million viewers INTERVIEW - Red Cross flags violence as top humanitarian priority in Latin America Tanzania seeks to protect cities from climate threats with urban plan Lack of 'safe' jobs keeping educated women from work in India Child brides are on the rise in India's towns and cities - report Malaysia holds contest on how to 'prevent' homosexuality 'Historic mistake' by Trump - but climate action will go on, experts say One in five twins dies under age 5 in sub-Saharan Africa - Lancet Guatemala rescues 22 children from forced labour - police Join Us
PCSD searching for suspect in strong arm robbery - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win tickets to the Summer Safari Nights at Reid Park Zoo Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace PCSD searching for suspect in strong arm robbery 2017-06-02T21:38:35Z2017-06-02T21:45:02Z By Elizabeth Walton, Digital Content Producer Email Connect ewalton@tucsonnewsnow.com (Source: Pima County Sheriff's Department) (Source: Pima County Sheriff's Department) (Source: Pima County Sheriff's Department) TUCSON, AZ (Tucson News Now) - Robbery Assault detectives with the Pima County Sheriff's Department are asking for the public's help in identifying a suspect in a strong arm robbery at a west side Walmart.  According to a PCSD release the suspect is described as a dark-skinned Hispanic or light-skinned black man between 20 and 30 years old, short dark hair with possible facial hair.  He was last seen wearing a black t-shirt with a picture on the front, black pants, and white shoes.  The incident began shortly before 7 p.m. on Thursday, May 18 when deputies responded to the Walmart Neighborhood Market at 2823 West Valencia Road for a report of a theft in progress.   When deputies arrived they found the suspect had attempted to take a full cart from the store and was confronted by employees.  According to the release the suspect assaulted at least one employee before leaving the scene in a dark-colored, possibly green Saturn passenger car.  The suspect left the cart behind at the scene.  Anyone with information on the suspect is asked to call 911.  For those who wish to remain anonymous they can text, call or go online to 88-CRIME.org to submit their tip.  MOBILE USERS: Download our app on your Apple and Android devices. Copyright 2017 Tucson News Now. All rights reserved. Crime & CourtsMore>> BREAKING Warrant issued for suspect in fatal hit and run Warrant issued for suspect in fatal hit and run Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 8:01 PM EDT2017-06-03 00:01:47 GMT Oscar Servando Garcia-Pineda (Source: Tucson Police Department) The Tucson Police Department has issued a felony arrest warrant for Oscar Servando Garcia-Pineda, who was involved in a fatal hit and run crash on South Park Avenue and East Drexel Road.   The Tucson Police Department has issued a felony arrest warrant for Oscar Servando Garcia-Pineda, who was involved in a fatal hit and run crash on South Park Avenue and East Drexel Road.   CBP captures would be smuggler, seizes nearly 600 pounds of marijuana CBP captures would be smuggler, seizes nearly 600 pounds of marijuana Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 6:29 PM EDT2017-06-02 22:29:25 GMT (Source: U.S. Customs and Border Protection) Both the driver, a juvenile from Mexico and the packages were transported to the Nogales Border Patrol Station for processing.  The juvenile now faces immigration and narcotics charges per Tucson Sector Guidelines.  Both the driver, a juvenile from Mexico and the packages were transported to the Nogales Border Patrol Station for processing.  The juvenile now faces immigration and narcotics charges per Tucson Sector Guidelines.  PCSD searching for suspect in strong arm robbery PCSD searching for suspect in strong arm robbery Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 5:45 PM EDT2017-06-02 21:45:02 GMT According to a Pima County Sheriff's Department release the suspect is described as a dark-skinned Hispanic or light-skinned black man between 20 and 30 years old, short dark hair with possible facial hair.  He was last seen wearing a black t-shirt with a picture on the front, black pants, and white shoes.   According to a Pima County Sheriff's Department release the suspect is described as a dark-skinned Hispanic or light-skinned black man between 20 and 30 years old, short dark hair with possible facial hair.  He was last seen wearing a black t-shirt with a picture on the front, black pants, and white shoes.   Tucson woman pleads not guilty in baby formula case Tucson woman pleads not guilty in baby formula case Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 5:38 PM EDT2017-06-02 21:38:19 GMT Jennifer Laplante (Source: KOLD News 13) Jennifer Laplante, 30, is facing charges of fraudulent schemes and artifices and child endangerment.  Jennifer Laplante, 30, is facing charges of fraudulent schemes and artifices and child endangerment.  BREAKING Documents provide glimpse into investigation of Vail teen's death Documents provide glimpse into investigation of Vail teen's death Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 4:53 PM EDT2017-06-02 20:53:18 GMT Josh Lelevier (Source: Tucson Police Department) Joshua Lelevier told police he noticed 13-year-old Jayden Glomb missing from their home at about 1:30 a.m. on May 11. He said he continued to search for her until morning, when he and her mother called police. Joshua Lelevier told police he noticed 13-year-old Jayden Glomb missing from their home at about 1:30 a.m. on May 11. He said he continued to search for her until morning, when he and her mother called police.    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Teen accidentally kills girlfriend while playing with graduation gift Teen accidentally kills girlfriend while playing with graduation gift Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 6:31 PM EDT2017-06-02 22:31:54 GMT Lucinda Luna (Source: Instagram) A man accidentally shot and killed his girlfriend in Arlington, according to Shelby County Sheriff’s Office. A man accidentally shot and killed his girlfriend in Arlington, according to Shelby County Sheriff’s Office. Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
See Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Al Franken and more at the 2017 Printers Row Lit Fest. Tickets available now! News Week in review: Uber driver slain, Trump ditches climate deal, Pritzker-Blagojevich tapes Funeral services were held for Grant Nelson, of Wilmette, an Uber driver who was killed allegedly by 16-year-old ride-sharing customer Eliza Wasni. (Jose M. Osorio/Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune staff and wire reports Here are some of the top stories of the week from Chicago and beyond (Sunday, May 28 through Friday, June 2). Teen girl accused of slaying Uber driver with machete, knife Eliza Wasni, 16, from Chicago, was charged with killing an Uber driver in a random attack with a knife and a machete that she stole from a Walmart, according to authorities, report Grace Wong, Susan Berger and Brian L. Cox. Prosecutors said Grant Nelson, 34, of Wilmette picked the teen up in Skokie early on Tuesday who, minutes into the ride in Lincolnwood, began stabbing Nelson. Nelson was able to pull over and flee the scene and described his attacker to police but died later at a hospital, authorities said. A large crowd packed a Skokie chapel on Friday for Nelson's funeral, where he was remembered as a "kind soul in a cruel world," reports Susan Berger. In 2008, Democratic donor and businessman J.B. Pritzker had phone conversations with then-Gov. Rod Blagojevich that were recorded by FBI agents investigating Blagojevich for public corruption. Pritzker is now a candidate for Illinois governor.  In 2008, Democratic donor and businessman J.B. Pritzker had phone conversations with then-Gov. Rod Blagojevich that were recorded by FBI agents investigating Blagojevich for public corruption. Pritzker is now a candidate for Illinois governor.  See more videos Pritzker sought treasurer job from Blagojevich, 2008 wiretaps show Current Democratic candidate for governor J.B. Pritzker expressed interest in being appointed Illinois treasurer by then-Gov. Rod Blagojevich in 2008, according to recordings of phone calls secretly made by FBI agents, report Todd Lighty, Jeff Coen and David Heinzmann. The two discussed the Senate seat Blagojevich was dealing — Pritzker wasn't interested — along with politics, their futures and the financial woes of a bank owned by Pritzker's sister in the never-before-publicly-revealed conversations. Pritzker thought the treasurer job would be open, citing news reports that Alexi Giannoulias might get a White House job. "Ooh, interesting," Blagojevich said. "Let's think about that. You interested in that?" "Yeah," Pritzker replied, "that's the one I would want." Pritzker responded to the revelations Wednesday night. "Look, there was nothing inappropriate about my conversation with the governor," Pritzker said. "It should be unsurprising to people that after 25 years of doing public service in a variety of ways that when an opportunity might have arisen for me to do public service that I would be willing to do that. And that was what the conversation was all about." Former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert is serving a 15-month sentence in a Minnesota federal prison hospital after pleading guilty in October to a financial crime. New accuser sues Dennis Hastert over alleged sex abuse A new accuser filed a lawsuit against former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert, alleging he was assaulted by Hastert in a bathroom in 1973 or 1974, reports Marwa Eltagouri. The accusation comes less than three months before Hastert is scheduled to be released from prison for trying to withdraw money in a way to avoid detection in an effort to pay hush money to another man who accused him of molestation. In the new lawsuit, the alleged victim also sued Yorkville Community Unit School District 115 and is seeking $50,000 in damages. Chicago photos in the news In other Chicago-area news: DCFS chief resigns: State child welfare director George Sheldon is resigning and returning to Florida to run a nonprofit organization. The move comes as Sheldon is facing an ethics probe and his agency has seen a series of recent child deaths and bad headlines, report David Jackson, Gary Marx and Duaa Eldeib. Still no budget: The General Assembly ended its spring session without a budget yet again, heading into its second-straight summer overtime session, but lawmakers did approve plans to crack down on gun offenders and advanced a bill to sell the Thompson Center, report Monique Garcia, Kim Geiger and Haley BeMiller. Cop found dead: A Chicago police officer was found dead in her Northwest Side home Sunday in a possible suicide that came as the FBI was re-examining the September 2015 death of her husband, also a cop, who apparently shot himself in the home after an argument with his wife, according to police, report Jeremy Gorner, Annie Sweeney and Jason Meisner. Memorial Day weekend violence: Seven people were killed and another 45 wounded in Chicago over the holiday weekend, a drop from last year, report Peter Nickeas and Elvia Malagon. Among the victims was a 20-year-old blind, disabled man killed after being caught in the crossfire at his local park, reports Katherine Rosenberg-Douglas. Telemarketer shut down: Safety Publications Inc. agreed to stop operating in Illinois after Attorney General Lisa Madigan, in response to a Tribune investigation, accused it of misleading donors to raise millions on behalf of veterans and other charitable causes, reports David Jackson. Shoreline eroding: Stretches of shoreline along Illinois' northern lakefront are retreating at unprecedented rates, with the loss of 184 feet of beach in a little more than two years, report Tony Briscoe and Nausheen Husain. NEIU job cuts: Northeastern Illinois University announced on Tuesday it was eliminating 180 full-time jobs this summer as a result of the state budget stalemate, reports Dawn Rhodes. The move will not fully take effect for four years, under the terms of the agreement. The move will not fully take effect for four years, under the terms of the agreement. See more videos Trump ditches global Paris climate agreement President Donald Trump announced on Thursday that he is removing the United States from the global Paris climate agreement, fulfilling his campaign promise but drawing rebukes from world leaders, environmentalists and corporate leaders. Trump said the agreement, negotiated under President Barack Obama in 2015, was unfair to U.S. workers and put the country at a competitive disadvantage with China, India and other growing powers. The U.S. joins only Syria and Nicaragua in opposing the global accord. "I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris," Trump said. (It's worth noting that Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto did not agree with Trump's decision.) European leaders made clear they are committed to fighting climate change and said the agreement cannot be renegotiated, as Trump suggested. "Wherever we live, whoever we are, we all share the same responsibility: Make our planet great again," said France President Emmanuel Macron. The Democratic governors of California, New York and Washington formed the U.S. Climate Alliance to uphold the Paris deal, and other states were considering joining. Trump relied on dubious facts and unbalanced claims to make his argument, according to a fact check done by the Washington Post. A suicide truck bombing rocked a highly secure diplomatic area of Kabul, Afghanistan, on May 31, 2017, killing 90 people and wounding as many as 400. In other nation and world news: Afghanistan attack: A massive truck bomb killed at least 90 people and wounded 400 in Kabul's heavily guarded diplomatic quarter Wednesday. Attacks in Iraq: Islamic State set off a bomb outside an ice cream shop in central Baghdad and a car bomb during rush hour in downtown, killing more than 30 people on Tuesday. 8 slain in Mississippi: Police say a man argued with his estranged wife and her family over his children, then went on a house-to-house shooting spree that left eight people dead. Officer who killed Tamir Rice fired: Timothy Loehmann, the officer who in 2014 shot and killed a 12-year-old boy holding a pellet gun, was fired by Cleveland police on Tuesday for inaccuracies on his job application. Ken "Hawk" Harrelson on his retirement as White Sox broadcaster. (Colleen Kane/Chicago Tribune) Ken "Hawk" Harrelson on his retirement as White Sox broadcaster. (Colleen Kane/Chicago Tribune) See more videos One more year for the Hawk White Sox broadcaster Ken "Hawk" Harrelson will call his final 20 games as a play-by-play man for the team next year, capping a 34-year career with the club, reports Colleen Kane. Harrelson will work a schedule of mostly Sunday home games and will stay on with the team as an ambassador during the 2019 season. "This has been the greatest ride of my life, and it has been a lot of fun with these fans," Harrelson, 75, said. "I'll never forget anything that has to do with this, nothing. I'll remember it forever." Jason Benetti will take over as the primary play-by-play alongside Steve Stone in 2019 as part of a multiyear deal, the team announced. In other sports news: Tiger Woods arrested: The golfer was found asleep behind the wheel of a car stopped on a road in Jupiter, Fla., early Monday, according to police. Woods passed a breath test and later issued a statement saying he had an "unexpected reaction" to medication. Police released dashcam video of the arrest on Wednesday. French Open player banned: Maxime Hamou tried to forcibly kiss a female reporter after losing in the first round of the French Open on Monday. On Tuesday, tournament organizers banned him from the premises for the rest of the event. The reporter, Maly Thomas, said the transgression was "frankly unpleasant" and "If I hadn't been live on air, I would have punched him." Sale returns home: Former White Sox ace Chris Sale got a standing ovation when he returned to Chicago as a member of the Red Sox, but an anticipated pitching duel with Jose Quintana ended up in a slugfest, with Boston winning 13-7, writes Colleen Kane. Cubs swept out west: Joe Maddon's bunch wore their wacky "Anchorman"-themed suits for a trip out West, but there was nothing funny about their performance against the Dodgers and Padres. The team went 0-6 to fall to two games under .500 for the first time since 2014 as they head home for a weekend series starting Friday with the Cardinals, writes Mark Gonzalez. Terrence Antonio James / Chicago Tribune Protesters from several cities calling for a $15 minimum wage march on North LaSalle Street in Chicago on Tuesday, May 23, 2017. Protesters from several cities calling for a $15 minimum wage march on North LaSalle Street in Chicago on Tuesday, May 23, 2017. (Terrence Antonio James / Chicago Tribune) Legislators send minium wage hike to Rauner's desk Illinois legislators passed a bill that would gradually raise Illinois' minimum wage to $15 an hour over the next five years. The measure goes to Gov. Bruce Rauner, who has called it extreme, report Lauren Zumbach, Greg Trotter and Gail MarksJarvis. The move raised hopes for low-wage workers and supporters who have long been pushing for a wage hike. But some business owners fear shrinking profit margins and say the hike would force higher prices on consumers.  Rauner said he was open to a compromise but that the current bill "would be crushing for our small businesses and crushing for job creation, and extreme." The bill gives businesses plenty of time to adjust to a higher minimum wage that is long overdue and Rauner should sign the bill, argues Tribune columnist Robert Reed. In other business news: Rosebud settles race suit: Chicago-based Rosebud Restaurants will pay $1.9 million and start a program to hire African-Americans to settle a lawsuit that accused the chain of discrimination, reports Corilyn Shropshire. State Street project: A row of long-vacant buildings on the shopping corridor will be turned into over 400 apartments and retail space as part of a $141 million development, reports Ryan Ori. Downgraded: Illinios' bond rating was downgraded near junk status by Moody's Investors Service and S&P Global Ratings, the lowest ranking on record for a U.S. state, due to the ongoing budget impasse, reports Bloomberg. Sculpture wars: An artist upset about the "Fearless Girl" sculpture that was placed in front the "Charging Bull" sculpture in New York decided to make his own artistic statement, creating a small sculpture of a urinating dog that he placed next to the statue of the girl. Busted deadline: The sale of the Chicago Sun-Times to Tronc, parent company of the Chicago Tribune, is on hold until at least Monday to give other potential buyers more time to make a bid, reports Robert Channick. Liz Lauren photo Stacy Keach as Ernest Hemingway in the world premiere of "Pamplona," directed by Robert Falls at the Goodman Theatre. Stacy Keach as Ernest Hemingway in the world premiere of "Pamplona," directed by Robert Falls at the Goodman Theatre. (Liz Lauren photo) 'Pamplona' premiere delayed when star falls ill The world premiere of "Pamplona," a one-character play about Ernest Hemingway, was halted on Tuesday night when star Stacy Keach appeared to fall ill onstage, reports Chris Jones. The actor appeared confused at times and struggled to deliver his monologue before a stage manager cited technical difficulties and ended the show. Goodman artistic director Robert Falls told the audience that Keach, 75, had been "ill all day," but wanted to go ahead with the performance and that the theater had supported him in his decision. Shows through Friday night were canceled as Keach was being medically evaluated, officials said. In other entertainment, lifestyles and dining news: Lollapalooza aftershows: Spoon at Metro and Tegan and Sara at Park West are among the 57 aftershows announced by Lollapalooza, reports Greg Kot. "I went too far": Comedian Kathy Griffin apologized Tuesday after a day of internet outrage set off when she posed for a picture holding a bloody, decapitated Donald Trump head. CNN on Wednesday fired Griffin from her longtime New Year's Eve co-host gig with Anderson Cooper. Griffin held a news conference on Friday, where she maintained that she was wrong, but says that Trump is trying to ruin her career. Wonderful response: A man upset about a women-only screening of "Wonder Woman" decided to email Austin, Texas, Mayor Steve Adler with his grievance. What followed was a savage, epic clap-back, writes Heidi Stevens. (Read Michael Phillips' review of the movie.) Newsmakers and celebrities who died in 2017. Notable deaths Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega, award-winning sports writer Frank Deford. Also from late last week: Southern rock legend Gregg Allman, Zbigniew Brzezinski, national security adviser for Jimmy Carter and former U.S. Sen. and Hall of Fame pitcher Jim Bunning. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune 'Luckiest guy in the world!:' Anthony Rizzo gets engaged Beyond Mr. Met: More mascot misadventures Unflappable California sixth-grader Ananya Vinay wins National Spelling Bee Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 66°
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Employees to Delivery Online Orders on Their Commute Home Armed with a custom app, WMT associates could be an brick-and-mortar advantage against Amazon By InvestorPlace Staff  |  Jun 2, 2017, 9:54 am EDT     Popular Posts: 10 Memorial Day Images to Post on Facebook, Twitter Target Corporation (TGT) Invests $75 Million in Mattress Startup Casper Sleep Microsoft Co-Founder Paul Allen Debuts the World’s Largest Airplane Recent Posts: Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Shares Soar After Q1 Earnings Beat Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Employees to Delivery Online Orders on Their Commute Home Microsoft Co-Founder Paul Allen Debuts the World’s Largest Airplane View All Posts Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) employees may deliver your next online order on their way home from work. The program is currently being tested in two New Jersey locations and one in Arkansas. Participation in the program by the employees is voluntary. Wal-Mart is testing an app that matches customers’ online order delivery addresses with an employee’s driving route home, according to a blog post on Thursday from Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce U.S. The objective is to cut shipping costs, speed the delivery of packages and allow workers to earn additional compensation, he wrote. Lore was appointed in September 2016 to lead Wal-Mart’s U.S. e-commerce effort after when his company Jet.com was acquired by WMT. The pilot will include both Walmart.com and Jet.com shoppers. The program is currently being tested in two New Jersey locations and one in Arkansas. The move is seen as a way for the retailer to catch up with Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). Wal-Mart said its trucks already deliver packages to a retail location for store pickup and the same trucks can bring additional orders for a worker to deliver if they choose. “The best part is this gives our own associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive home,” Lore wrote. “Associates are fully in control of their experience. If they don’t want to participate, they don’t have to. If they choose to opt in, we’ve built technology that allows them to set preferences.” Walmart has 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million employees. The geographic distribution puts a WMT store within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population. WMT stock is little changed in trading this morning. The shares have gained 15.5% so far this year, compared with AMZN stock which has increased 33% in that time.   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/walmart-employees-delivery-online-orders-commute-home/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Trade of the Day: Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is One for the Bears 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Sending a Message. Listen. Buy Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock If You’re Sane Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Wal-Mart, unemployment and new executive hires: Friday's business roundup Filed under Economy at 12 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Todd Davis, Staff Writer Connect with Todd Davis On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now 16-foot tall orange machine in Wal-Mart's online strategy A big message from Wal-Mart to its shareholders this year is about leveraging its stores to boost its e-commerce business. Several ideas are in the works including one hard to miss piece of giant hardware in bright orange that will soon be landing in more stores including six in the Dallas area. The 16-foot tall tower, which was nicknamed Rapunzel while in development, is a vending machine for online purchases. Wal-Mart says 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of one of their stores and the Pickup Tower, its official name, works for small packages. Plus: Wal-Mart employees are making online deliveries after work The latest Energy: An investigation into Exxon Mobil Corp.'s public statements about climate change uncovered "significant evidence" the oil giant may have misled investors. Restaurants: Downtown Dallas power-lunch spot the Palm Restaurant is closing in the West End. Health care: Tenet and insurer Humana announced that Tenet physicians and facilities are now in network for Humana customers. Economy: Withdrawing from a nonbinding agreement endorsed by close to 200 nations is a bad look for a global superpower, observers said of Trump's announcement Thursday. Aviation: Billionaire Paul Allen's Stratolaunch has been rolled out of its hangar for the first time in preparation for testing. Dallas tech firm reportedly on the sale block Dallas-based Omnitracs LLC, which makes fleet management software for the trucking industry, retained investment banks to explore a potential sale, according to a Wall Street Journal report. The company, which moved its headquarters to Dallas from San Diego in 2015, is backed by Austin-based private equity firm Vista Equity Partners. The Journal, citing unnamed sources, said Omnitracs' valuation could approach $2 billion. Its revenue will be about $400 million this year. Data points:  Unemployment down, trade deficit up U.S. government data released Friday told a mixed economic picture. The pace of hiring slowed as the nation's unemployment rate hit the lowest level since 2001. Yet the U.S. trade deficit with other countries jumped more than 5 percent, as Chinese imports surged. Since President Donald Trump campaigned heavily on pledges to boost the nation's economy, spur job creation at U.S. companies and bring business executives to the table to better America, we're tracking economic progress in a collection of Trump Tracker data tools. Plus: Everything you need to know about Texas' jobs picture. Bill Sandbrook, President & CEO of U.S. Concrete posses for a portrait at The Union in Dallas on Friday, April 28, 2017. Bill was hired in July 2011 to turn around a company just emerging from bankruptcy. He accomplished that by selling low-margin businesses and refocusing on producing Redi-Mix concrete. The Union Dallas is one of its largest projects to date. (David Woo/The Dallas Morning News) (David Woo/Staff Photographer) Handling hard times cements concrete CEO's reputation U.S. Concrete recently finished its work on Toyota's North American headquarters in Plano. Ongoing projects include Facebook's data center in Fort Worth, LaGuardia Airport's upgrade, the World Trade Center complex and Hudson Yards in New York. "This is a completely different, reinvigorated and empowered company," CEO Bill Sandbrook said at his corporate office in Euless. Sandbrook, the son of a cement man who's about to turn 60, is a strategic thinker honed by the military. His road to running the Euless-based concrete company included Cold War and 9/11 experiences that honed his decision-making skills. Plus: Read more from business columnist Cheryl Hall. Elsewhere in Texas Houston: Billionaire restaurateur Tilman Fertitta's Landry's chain is reportedly interested in buying the distressed operator of Joe's Crab Shack and Brick House Tavern & Tap. (Houston Chronicle). San Antonio: Lockheed Martin Corp. is reducing its Port San Antonio workforce by 112 through layoffs and by shifting work to an Arizona-based company. (San Antonio Express-News). Austin: Everfest, an online community that connects festival goers, will expand its team and invest in product development after raising $3.6 million from investors including Live Nation Entertainment and ATX Seed Ventures. (Austin American-Statesman). East Texas: Unified Patents estimates a federal court in Marshall known as a national hub for patent lawsuits could see a drop of 1,000 cases a year from a U.S. Supreme Court decision restricting where those suits can be filed. (Law360; subscription required). Who's getting hired and promoted? Faulkner Design Group named Michelle Duncum chief operating officer. Frost-Dallas promoted Tracy Broughton to senior vice president of corporate banking in Plano. Gardere Wynne Sewell LLP names Frank Wright partner and C. Ashley Ellis senior attorney. Haynes and Boone LLP named Michael DePompei partner in the Dallas office. See this week's full list of executive changes. Before you go ... Vote in our poll: This week, U.S. and European Union leaders agreed to keep talking before expanding a laptop ban on air travel from European countries to the states. Tell us what you think. Follow DFW stocks: See how top North Texas stocks performed, as well as the oil and gas markets and major stock exchanges. DFW Top 100 Places to Work 2016: The Dallas Morning News and Workplace Dynamics partner each year to feature the Top 100 workplaces, based on ratings by the people who work at them. The 2017 ranking is in progress. That's all for today! For up-to-the-minute business news and analysis, check out DallasNews.com/Business. Share the love: If you like this newsletter, please forward this email to a friend and check out our other newsletters here. Do you have feedback on this newsletter? Send your thoughts, questions, praise and corrections to our Business Editor Paul O'Donnell at podonnell@dallasnews.com. View Comments Tags Economy Retail Real Estate Energy Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. 6 articles left Get Unlimited Digital Access Subscribe Now Already a subscriber?Or Login Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Wal-Mart Works To Close Gap Between Itself And Amazon by Anne D'Innocenzio, Associated Press Posted: Friday, June 2, 2017 at 3:41PM EDT HOBOKEN, N.J. -- Even after an online spending spree, it may be hard for Wal-Mart to escape the Amazon in the room. Wal-Mart's acquisition of Jet.com and brands that appeal to younger shoppers have given it an e-commerce boost as it works to close the gap between itself and the online leader. The world's largest retailer is betting on essentials like cereal and diapers, and has adjusted its shipping strategy to better compete with Amazon's Prime program. But Amazon keeps innovating too, implementing new technology and trying to make shopping more convenient. Marc Lore, a co-founder of Jet.com who is now head of Wal-Mart's U.S. online operations, says he's confident about the company's momentum and that there's plenty of room for it to thrive. To read the rest of the story, please go to: Associated Press Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military USO Warrior Week National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 65° F Clear Hi: 83° F Lo: 65° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military USO Warrior Week National Strange News Opioid Addiction International Politics On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Obituaries Livestreaming Latest Headlines Unlike others, Putin doesn’t criticize Trump over decision Updated: 7 mins ago WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is not getting criticism for his climate stance from at least one world leader: Russian President V… AP Top Political News at 2:48 a.m. EDT Updated: 8 mins ago AP sources: Special counsel on Russia probe expanding scope Meet America’s latest fitness star: Ruth Bader Ginsburg Updated: 7 mins ago Pence rallying GOP base in Iowa, where some cool to Trump Updated: 8 mins ago AP Top News at 2:39 a.m. EDT Updated: 18 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 65° F Clear Feels Like: 65° F Wind: SW 3 Humidity: 73% Dewpoint: 56° F Sunrise: 5:47 AM Sunset: 8:19 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Super Bowl Tides Latest Headlines NASCAR Camping World Truck-Bar Harbor 200 presented by Sea Watch International Results Updated: 5 mins ago Friday At Dover International Speedway Dover, Del. Lap length: 1.00 miles (Start position in parentheses) 1. (11) Johnny Sauter, Chevrolet, … NASCAR Camping World Truck Bar Harbor 200 Results Updated: 5 mins ago Friday At Dover International Speedway Dover, Del. Lap length: 1 mile (Starting position in parentheses) 1. (11) Johnny Sauter, Chevrolet, 2… Virginia Beach City FC gets ready for home opener June 2, 2017 Sauter wins Truck Series race at Dover International track Updated: 5 mins ago Chiefs release WR Maclin in midst of voluntary workouts Updated: 5 mins ago HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Pop Quiz Latest Headlines Live Music Friday: Romonta June 2, 2017 PORTSMOUTH, Va. (WAVY) – The smooth sounds of Romonta filled The Hampton Roads Show studio.  It’s always great to have him as our Live Music… The Funny Bone: Leonard Ouzts June 2, 2017 PORTSMOUTH, Va. (WAVY) – Comedian Leonard Ouzts is headlining at the Virginia Beach Funny Bone this weekend and he stopped by to goof off wi… Audience: Boardwalk Art Show June 2, 2017 In The Kitchen: Duck Donuts June 2, 2017 IAHR: Josh Hill June 1, 2017 Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Work for Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 65° F Clear Hi: 83° F Lo: 65° F 2 men, 4 juveniles charged in Newport News police chase By Emily Satchell Published: June 2, 2017, 3:49 pm Updated: June 2, 2017, 3:56 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Jafay Moore, Khari Pender (Photos: Newport News police) NEWPORT NEWS, Va. (WAVY) — Two men and four juveniles have been charged in connection to two incidents Wednesday in Newport News. Virginia State Police say a trooper tried to stop a vehicle going 90 miles per hour in a 60 miles per hour zone Wednesday on I-64 near J. Clyde Morris Boulevard. The trooper ran the vehicle’s tags and found that the car had been stolen. The driver took off and a pursuit began. Around 6:30 a.m., at the Wal-Mart in the 6000 block of Jefferson Avenue, Newport News police say a detective spotted three men get into a car that matched the description from the incident on I-64. Additional officers responded to the scene, one of which stopped the suspect vehicle from leaving the Wal-Mart parking lot. Police say the officer got out of the cruiser and the suspect car rammed into the police vehicle. Three people in the car got out and were taken into custody. Officers found two handguns while they were apprehending the suspects. The 2014 Toyota Corolla had been reported stolen in Suffolk, according to police. Suspects in custody after police chase stolen car in Newport News Three hours later, officers found another stolen vehicle in the 5800 block of Marshall Avenue in Newport News. The driver took off and ended up hitting a tree while turning onto Gloucester Drive. After the crash, three people in the vehicle jumped out and ran from the scene. Officers caught up with two of them. Police said the two incidents were believed to be related and on Friday, authorities announced six arrests in the case. 19-year-old Jafay Moore, of Newport News, is charged with pointing/brandishing a firearm, burglary, possession of stolen property with intent to sell, grand larceny and conspiracy to commit a felony. 19-year-old Khari Pender, of Newport News is charged with receiving a stolen firearm or aiding in concealing a stolen firearm. Police also arrested four juveniles: A 15-year-old Newport News male | Charged with grand larceny of an auto A 14-year-old Hampton male | Charged with possession of a stolen auto A 15-year-old Newport News male | Charged with brandishing a firearm, possession of a firearm by a minor and grand larceny of a firearm A 15-year-old Newport News male | Charged with possession of stolen property (auto) Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Suspects in custody after police chase stolen car in Newport News Several teens arrested for Suffolk vehicle break-ins Pursuit of stolen vehicle ends at Newport News Wal-Mart Gunshots damage two vehicles in Newport News Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 1998-2017 WAVY.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Companies Big US Companies Stay on White House Panel Despite Climate Jolt Companies Big US Companies Stay on White House Panel Despite Climate Jolt By Reuters | June 2, 2017 AT 3:25 PM Last Updated: June 2, 2017 3:33 pm President Donald Trump arrives to announce his decision that the United States will withdraw from the landmark Paris Climate Agreement, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington on June 1, 2017. (REUTERS/Joshua Roberts) WASHINGTON—Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and IBM Corp., on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from some world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc. Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co. CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump’s move. “Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world,” Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump’s manufacturing jobs council. SpaceX CEO Elon Musk unveils the Falcon Heavy rocket at the National Press Club in Washington on April 5, 2011. (NICHOLAS KAMM/AFP/Getty Images) Asked about CEOs’ criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, said he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was “disappointed in today’s news about the Paris Agreement. We think it’s important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.” (Chris Hondros/Getty Images) IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. “IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration—as we do with governments around the world,” a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump’s decision, but suggested in a statement on Friday that he would not step down from Trump’s business group. “I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people’s lives and protect our environment,” Dimon said. PepsiCo Inc. Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is “disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table.” ‘Let’s Get a Better Deal’   Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. Director of the White House National Economic Council Gary Cohn, White House Chief Strategist Stephen Bannon and Chief of Staff Reince Priebus (L-R) wait in the Rose Garden prior to President Donald Trump announcing his decision on whether the U.S. will remain in the Paris Climate Agreement, at the White House in Washington on June 1, 2017. (REUTERS/Joshua Roberts) In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration’s efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. Related Coverage Trump Announces US Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord “If we can grow our economy, we’re going to consume more and more products,” he said. “We’re going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption.” Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have “a statistically insignificant impact on the environment.” “If you really cared about that piece, and you’re one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say ‘let’s get a better deal,'” she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Related Coverage Trump Hails Signing of Deals Worth ‘Billions’ With Vietnam Blackrock Inc. Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump’s business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co. said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co’s new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc. CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump’s immigration policies. Editor’s Picks Food Stamps, Work, and Dignity We’re All Environmentalists Now The Dark Origins of Communism: Part 2 of 3 Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in CompaniesUS Companies Sign Billions in Deals With VietnamNo Better Time to Be an EntrepreneurNestle Creating 2,900 Jobs in Latin AmericaInsects Are Making Their Way Into the American Diet Latest in Business Companies US Companies Sign Billions in Deals With Vietnam Canada No Better Time to Be an Entrepreneur Companies Nestle Creating 2,900 Jobs in Latin America Economies Liberals Launch Contest for $950M ‘Supercluster’ Plan to Boost Innovation Companies Insects Are Making Their Way Into the American Diet China Business & Economy Beijing Crackdown Cuts Chinese Investments in US Assets Markets TV Advertising Unfazed by Growth of Digital Canada Bank of Canada Cautious as Strong Economic Growth Expected to Moderate Companies Ford Names James Hackett CEO to Shake up Operations × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
facebook twitter tumblr pinterest instagram rss Footwear News Subscribe Skip to content Toggle navigation Latest Influencers Fashion Business Runway FN Spy Focus Women’s Men’s Children Athletic & Outdoor Opinion & Analysis FN Home Focus Athletic & Outdoor Walmart Thinks It Will Sell $25 Million Worth of These Light-Up Sneakers in 2017 By Riley Jones / 13 hours ago Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Walmart light-up sneakers Walmart Are light-up sneakers going to be a money-making trend this year? Walmart’s banking on it. Ahead of the retail giant’s shareholder meeting today at the University of Arkansas, Walmart chief merchandising officer Steve Bratspies outlined the company’s plan to focus on illuminating shoes. Related Adidas Is Releasing These Limited-Edition Iniki Runners With Boost in July According to The Washington Post, Bratspies says Walmart plans to sell 1.25 million pairs of the sneakers in 2017 for a total of $25 million. “Flashlight sneakers. These are a huge trend we’re betting on this year,” Bratspies reportedly said. The shoes are slated to release next month in black, gray, pink and white styles with blue, green and purple LED lights, according to the Post. They’re rechargeable with a USB cable and boast up to eight hours of lighting. A retail price of around $19.97 is expected for the sneakers, which Bratspies says is a fraction of what “the biggest national brands” charge for similar designs. This isn’t the first recent foray into budget-priced light-up footwear. Former NBA player Stephon Marbury has his own line of Starbury Elite Lightup shoes, which were released in November for $49.98. Want more? Controversial Border Adjustment Tax Pits Target CEO Against Former Walmart Chief Walmart Beckons Entrepreneurs With Latest ‘Made in America’ Push Why Walmart Is Pulling Out All the Stops to Compete With Amazon — Sign up for the FN Newsletter — Business, Focus, Athletic & Outdoor, Retail, Sneakers, North America, Sneakers, Walmart Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Post navigation ← ‘Cars 3’ Launches Fashion Pit Stop Experiential Pop-Up Shop at Sportie LA Kristin Cavallari Lists Chicago Mansion for $4.75M — And Foodies Will Love Her Pro Kitchen → Featured Gallery Celebrity Statement Shoes: June 2017 ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Around The Web Latest Publication Footwear News 05/30/2017 Read Now 'Real Time' Host Bill Maher Uses the N-Word The Originals Recap: A Beautiful Mind Netflix Lands Misha Green Female Empowerment Action Spec… Ariel Winter Flaunts Hot Body & Cleavage In Sexy Teeny Bikini… Game devs challenged hackers to beat DRM, and you can probably… Contact Us About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Newsletters The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife Deadline TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD © 2017 Fairchild Publishing, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. FN and Footwear News are registered trademarks of Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
EDITION US NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Horoscopes VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero Good News VIDEO NEWSLETTERS FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost MORE Books Candidate Confessional College Crime Divorce Eat the Press Education Green Outspeak Religion Small Business Sports Teen Weddings Arabi Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Greece India Italia Japan Korea Maghreb México Québec South Africa United Kingdom United States Close POLITICS 06/02/2017 01:40 pm ET | Updated 10 hours ago Big Business Blasts Donald Trump's Decision To Exit Paris Climate Accord Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg called the move “bad for the environment" and "bad for the economy." By Chris D'Angelo WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump said Thursday that his decision to pull the U.S. out of the historic Paris Agreement on climate change would protect American workers and the U.S. economy.  Trump, who prides himself on his business savvy, called the accord the “latest example of Washington entering into an agreement that disadvantages the United States.” And he said it leaves “American workers, who I love, and taxpayers to absorb the cost in terms of lost jobs, lower wages, shuttered factories and vastly diminished economic production.” Many American businesses, however, were swift to condemn Trump’s decision, saying it will have the exact opposite effect.  In a post on LinkedIn, Brad Smith, president and chief legal officer of Microsoft Corp., said “continued U.S. participation benefits U.S. businesses and the economy in important and multiple ways,” including strengthening competitiveness and creating new markets for clean technologies.  “And by strengthening global action over time, the Agreement reduces future climate damage to people and organizations around the world,” Smith wrote. We’re disappointed with the decision to exit the Paris Agreement. Microsoft remains committed to doing our part to achieve its goals.— Brad Smith (@BradSmi) June 1, 2017 Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said withdrawing is “bad for the environment, bad for the economy, and it puts our children’s future at risk.” Tackling the climate crisis, he added, can only happen via a global effort. PepsiCo Inc., whose CEO, Indra Nooyi, sits on Trump’s business advisory council, called climate change “one of the most important issues of our time” and said the climate agreement “was designed as a framework to help protect our planet while also spurring innovation and economic growth in participating countries.”  PepsiCo statement on Paris accord (CEO Indra Nooyi is on Trump's business council) pic.twitter.com/qwv1AVLDQM— Kate H. Taylor (@Kate_H_Taylor) June 2, 2017 Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase, told HuffPost in an email, “I absolutely disagree with the Administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people’s lives and protect our environment.” Walmart President and CEO Doug McMillon said Walmart would continue to lead on renewable energy and work toward cutting emissions. “It’s the right thing to do for our customers, our business, and the environment,” he said in a Facebook post.   In November, hundreds of U.S. companies demanded in an open letter that Trump keep America’s promise to the world and remain in the Paris pact. They warned that failing to do so “puts American prosperity at risk” and pledged to do their part to work toward the goals agreed to under the international accord, namely cutting carbon emissions in an effort to ward off the worst effects of global climate change.  “We want the US economy to be energy efficient and powered by low-carbon energy,” reads the letter, which has now been signed by about 1,000 companies and investors. “Cost-effective and innovative solutions can help us achieve these objectives.” Nike, eBay and The North Face, who were among the notable companies to sign onto the letter initially, expressed disappointment with Trump’s decision Thursday.   Nike responds to withdrawal from Paris Climate Accord $nke pic.twitter.com/MaTnBA3JGs— Sara Eisen (@SaraEisen) June 1, 2017 Disappointed by decision on Paris Agreement. Facts and science matter. Won't change @eBay commitment to do our part on climate change.— Devin Wenig (@devinwenig) June 1, 2017 #ParisAgreement pic.twitter.com/A0aSnIZINz— The North Face (@thenorthface) June 1, 2017 Even fossil fuel giants Exxon Mobil, BP, Chevron and Royal Dutch Shell had warned Trump against a withdrawal.  In a statement Thursday, BP’s senior vice president of U.S. communications said the company has “long supported” the agreement and hopes the Trump administration “follows through with its intention to find a way for the U.S. to re-enter the accord ― or another mechanism for addressing the global climate challenge ― rather than to walk away from it entirely.” “BP continues to believe that it’s possible to provide the world the energy it needs and achieve economic growth while also helping to transition the world to lower-carbon forms of energy.” Chevron spokeswoman Melissa Ritchie told The Telegraph that her company “supports continuing with the Paris Agreement as it offers a first step towards a global framework.” Our support for the #ParisAgreement is well known. We will continue to do our part providing more & cleaner energy. https://t.co/j5i0EQDzFi— Shell Oil Company (@Shell_US) June 1, 2017 Robert Iger, the chairman and CEO of The Walt Disney Company, and Elon Musk, the billionaire founder of Tesla and SpaceX, both announced Thursday that they will leave Trump’s advisory council, citing his decision on the Paris Agreement. As a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal.— Robert Iger (@RobertIger) June 1, 2017 Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017 Here’s how other companies and business executives have responded to Trump’s decision.  Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver.— Tim Cook (@tim_cook) June 2, 2017 Disappointed with today’s decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all.— Sundar Pichai (@sundarpichai) June 1, 2017 We believe climate change is an urgent issue that demands global action. We remain committed to doing our part. https://t.co/Gfu7P2ESlL— Satya Nadella (@satyanadella) June 1, 2017 General Motors issues its response to President Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement. pic.twitter.com/h3rvBHCn0j— Nathan Bomey (@NathanBomey) June 1, 2017 Read @IBM's statement on the administration's decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreement: https://t.co/Vuo48uw2oB pic.twitter.com/XCmCsXJqE1— IBMPolicy (@IBMpolicy) June 1, 2017 Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government.— Jeff Immelt (@JeffImmelt) June 1, 2017 Today's decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world. #ParisAgreement— Lloyd Blankfein (@lloydblankfein) June 1, 2017 Dow/Screenshot Ryan Grenoble contributed reporting. This article has been updated with more responses. Do you have information you want to share with HuffPost? Here’s how. ALSO ON HUFFPOST Climate Visuals For The Climate Change Denier In Your Life Climate Visuals For The Climate Change Denier In Your Life 1 of 6 Our carbon footprint says it all. This graph shows the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, as measured at Mauna Loa Observatory in Hawaii, from 1958 to today. In September, scientists at Mauna Loa announced that C02 levels had likely surpassed the threshold of 400 parts per million permanently. Share this slide: Scripps Institution of Oceanography Suggest a correction Chris D'Angelo Reporter, HuffPost MORE: Donald Trump Climate Change Sustainability Paris Energy Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW POLITICS How will Trump’s administration impact you? Learn more Newsletter 2.1 M 1.31 M 479 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Big Business Blasts Donald Trump's Decision To Exit Paris Climate Accord CONVERSATIONS ABOUT US ADVERTISE About Our Ads Contact Us RSS FAQ Careers Archive User Agreement Privacy Policy Comment Policy Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Saturday, June 03, 2017, 1:56 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / PHOTOS/VIDEO: At shareholders meeting, Wal-Mart CEO says traditional retailing roots a competitive advantage By The Associated Press This article was originally published June 2, 2017 at 12:50 p.m. Updated June 2, 2017 at 1:52 p.m. PHOTO BY JASON IVESTER Doug McMillon, chief executive officer and president, talks on stage during the annual Wal-Mart Shareholders Meeting on Friday, June 3, 2016, at Bud Walton Arena in Fayetteville. Comment (1) aAFont Size Click here for larger versions Photos by Jason Ivester FAYETTEVILLE — Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon is touting the company's traditional retailing roots as a competitive advantage as it seeks to take sales away from online giant Amazon at a time of industry upheaval. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted a range of approaches Wal-Mart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup and technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. The company has also made serious investments in its online operations, buying up several smaller retail sites. McMillon and other executives also highlighted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. "We will compete with technology, but win with people," McMillon told a cheering audience."We will be people-led and tech-empowered." [VIDEO: Click here to watch full shareholders meeting in larger version] The gathering — part pep rally, part music concert, and only briefly a business meeting — comes as Walmart's moves to meld its online services with its battalion of 4,700 stores are gaining momentum. Wal-Mart's online sales surged as it tinkered with its shipping offers and other services and drew more shoppers to its stores as well in its fiscal first quarter. The world's largest retailer has posted sales gains at established stores for the 11th straight quarter, and customer traffic has risen for the 10th quarter in a row. About 14,000 people packed the arena, including Wal-Mart workers from around the world as well as shareholders, analysts and several members of the founding Walton family. Gwen Stefani, Mary J. Blige, Ne-Yo and The Band Perry performed while Blake Shelton, Stefani's boyfriend and co-star from The Voice, served as host. McMillon highlighted the company's efforts to offer more shopping options, including automated pickup stations in some store parking lots, in-store pickup for online orders, and "Jet Fresh" delivery, which provides grocery delivery in one-two days and is available to about half of U.S. households. That service is a result of the company's acquisition last year of online retailer Jet.com. "The historic trade-off between price and service doesn't really exist anymore," McMillon said. With faster shipping a key area of competition, Wal-Mart said Thursday a delivery service using its own store employees, who will deliver packages ordered online while driving home from their regular work shifts. The "associate delivery" program would use Wal-Mart's U.S. stores and roughly 1.2 million employees to speed delivery and cut costs, the company said. Still, amid the company chants and upbeat presentations about employees excelling at their jobs, there were some signs of dissatisfaction. Two employees, speaking on shareholder proposals, called for Wal-Mart to provide more hours for part-time workers and greater parental leave. Both comments prompted loud cheers from the employees. Janie Grice, a three-year Walmart employee from Marion, S.C., thanked the company for its wage increases, announced two years ago, which has boosted her pay from $7.25 an hour to $10 an hour. But "too many of us are still part-time," she said. "Too many of us have schedules and hours that change so frequently we can't plan our lives, or line up a second job." Carolyn Davis, an employee from the Outer Banks, N.C., urged the company to provide more parental leave. Salaried Walmart employees get 10 weeks of maternity leave. Full-time hourly workers get six to eight weeks of leave at half pay. "Investing in associates means that new parents are allowed time to bond with our children," Davis said. Blake Jackson, a Wal-Mart spokesman, said the company's leave policies for hourly workers are significantly better than most of the industry. Read Saturday's Arkansas Democrat-Gazette for full details. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News UPDATED CRIME MAP: 5 auto thefts, 4 burglarie... Officials respond to possible drowning at Lit... Man finds 12 goats killed on Arkansas propert... 3 ex-Penn State officials get jail terms in S... PHOTOS/VIDEO: At shareholders meeting, Wal-Ma... Little Rock mayor says city still committed t... Fordyce's Billy Ferrell hoping to add an Arka... Wrong number text leads couple to free Stanle... Police: Burglar uses 'large boulder' to break... Comment on: PHOTOS/VIDEO: At shareholders meeting, Wal-Mart CEO says traditional retailing roots a competitive advantage To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 1 of 1 total comment hurricane46 says... June 2, 2017 at 7:24 p.m. If they paid their employees as much as they pay these stars to show up they would all be happy. ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (23 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (21 comments) VIDEO: Trump pulling U.S. from global climate pact, upsetting allies (29 comments) Panel: Comey to testify Thursday (14 comments) U.S. to exit Paris climate pact (17 comments) Officials respond to possible drowning at Little Rock apartment complex; 1 taken to hospital (3 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
GoSearch News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 65° 65° Low 62° High 83° Sat 64° 83° Sun 70° 84° Mon 68° 82° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Four teens, two adults arrested in Newport News stolen vehicle incidents Posted 1:38 pm, June 2, 2017, by Becca Mitchell Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email NEWPORT NEWS, Va. – Six people have been arrested after an investigation into multiple stolen vehicles and weapons offenses in Newport News. Around 6:30 a.m. on Wednesday, after being notified of a Virginia State Police investigation involving a stolen vehicle, a Newport News Police detective spotted three men get into a vehicle in the parking lot of the Walmart at 6111 Jefferson Avenue that matched the description of the vehicle in the VSP investigation. The detective called for assistance and additional officers responded. The vehicle attempted to leave the Walmart parking lot through a one-way entrance just as a marked police unit was entering the entrance. The police vehicle blocked the path of the suspect’s vehicle and the officer got out of his car. The suspect’s car then rammed into the police vehicle. The three suspects got out of the vehicle and were taken into custody. The vehicle had been reported stolen out of Suffolk. Two handguns were also found while taking the suspects into custody. Around 9:30 a.m. that morning, officers found a vehicle in the 5800 block of Marshall Avenue that had been reported stolen. The car accelerated and made a left turn onto Gloucester Drive and hit a tree. Three people got out of the car and ran. Two were apprehended at the time and a third was later apprehended. A total of six arrests were made across the incidents. Four of the arrested suspects are juveniles — three 15-year-old males, and one 14-year-old male. Khari Pender, 19, was charged with Receipt or Aid in Concealing a Firearm. Jafay Moore, 19, was charged with Pointing/Brandishing a Firearm, Burglary, Possession of Stolen Property, Grand Larceny, Conspiracy to Commit a Felony. Photo Gallery View Gallery (2 images) 37.087082 -76.473012 Filed in: News Topics: Newport News, stolen vehicles Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email The News 3 App Center Get the latest news and live radar on your phone! Popular Wake up early for a sky light show thanks to a rocket launch from NASA Wallops Woman in her 90s dies after being attacked by adopted pit bull in Virginia Beach 9-year-old boy takes action to help save family in Williamsburg house fire 2-year-old girl dies at CHKD; Mother, stepfather charged with child abuse Latest News The Locker Room Show | June 2 Driver apprehended after Newport News police chase Saturday’s First Warning Forecast: Tracking dry, warm and sunny weather New ODU women’s basketball head coach Nikki McCray goes 1-on-1 with Mitch News Police chase stolen vehicle in Newport News News Police arrest Newport News burglary suspects, recover over 200 stolen items News Four apprehended in Chesapeake after stolen car chase News Driver apprehended after Newport News police chase News Three teenagers arrested in kidnapping and killing of 6-year-old boy News Several teens arrested in connection to Suffolk car break-ins News Three arrested in connection to carjacking in Virginia Beach Food Lion parking lot News Arrest made, additional suspect wanted in Hampton shooting News Body found in submerged vehicle at Deep Creek Marina in Newport News News In Mississippi, 3 teens charged in boy’s death are denied bond News One dead, two in critical condition after Newport News crash News Authorities searching for escaped inmate in Newport News News Single-vehicle crash causes traffic issues on Warwick Boulevard Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher station operated by Tribune Broadcasting • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Colorado Springs GazetteThe Gazette is Colorado Springs's most trusted source for breaking news, sports, weather, obituaries, politics, business, art, entertainment, blogs, video, photos. Save this content for laterSave this content on your device for later, even while offline Sign in with GoogleSign in with your Google account Sign in with FacebookSign in with your Facebook account Close Search Fewer ads, faster browsing SUBSCRIBE TODAY! Subscribe Login Sat, Jun 3, 2017 News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Photo/Video Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Campaign to raise $15 million for Pikes Peak Summit House will cost nearly $1 million Police arrest 'incredibly dangerous' man suspected of carjacking driver at gunpoint during pursuit Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Top Sports Stories Gazette Preps Peak Performers Paul Klee Woody Paige David Ramsey Air Force Academy Broncos Colorado College Baseball Olympics Switchbacks FC Brent Briggeman's Blog Scott Kaniewski's Blog Paul Klee's Blog Joe Paisley's Blog David Ramsey's Blog Matt Wiley's Blog The Gazette Girls' Tennis Peak Performer: Morgan Hall, Cheyenne Mountain Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Colorado Springs jobless rate is low, but veterans still face challenges finding jobs El Paso County new car market heats up in May Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight AROUND TOWN: Broadmoor Garden Club program leads guests through 59 National Parks Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Saturday, June 3 Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Must See Must Do: Test the waters at Uncle Wilber Fountain, run in the mud, celebrate a headless chicken 'Wonder Woman' marks DC's triumphant return to great storytelling Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Fort Carson Teddy Bear Clinic to help "injured" animals in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Shop Local Businesses Shop Local Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Politics Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News 2017 Graduation View galleries for local high schools and colleges News: Local News National Trails Day to bring fun outdoor events, trail repairs Fri, Jun 2, 2017 - 11:05 PM 0 Thanks to a proclamation made Thursday, El Paso County is holding a variety of outdoor events to celebrate National Trails Day on Saturday. The trails day,... Know do's and don'ts at Colorado Springs parks, trails as summer rolls in Happy Trails: St. Mary's Falls Colorado Springs forward Aaron King, others hope to provide scoring spark for Switchbacks Fri, Jun 2, 2017 - 6:18 PM 0 Colorado Springs coach Steve Trittschuh is looking for one of his forwards to rise up and become the potent finisher the sixth-place Switchbacks need. "We need those... The Gazette Girls' Tennis Peak Performer: Morgan Hall, Cheyenne Mountain News: Local News Eastern El Paso County residents commission studies to fight wind farm Fri, Jun 2, 2017 - 10:45 PM 0 Three families in eastern El Paso County have spent at least $65,000 on research that they say should be enough to shut down an area wind farm. They blame... 7 Colorado destinations that offer thrills, chills Wed, May 10, 2017 - 1:05 PM 0 Adrenaline junkies, your destiny awaits just minutes outside Cañon City at Royal Gorge Bridge... 7 Colorado destinations with a wild, wild past New academy teaches soldiers technology Fri, Jun 2, 2017 - 8:46 PM 0 About 500 soldiers leave the military every month in Colorado Springs, and now the Microsoft... Latest Local Moose attacks two women west of Jamestown in Boulder County By: John Bear, The Boulder Daily Camera - 3 hr ago 80-year-old Loveland man cited on allegations of illegally feeding squirrels By: SAM LOUNSBERRY, Loveland Reporter-Herald - 3 hr ago Police arrest 'incredibly dangerous' man suspected of carjacking driver at gunpoint during pursuit By: Chhun Sun - 3 hr ago Murder charge filed against man who wore demonic clown makeup while allegedly killing homeless man By: KIRK MITCHELL, The Denver Post - 3 hr ago Colorado: Industry complying with tests after gas blast By: The Associated Press - 3 hr ago Using fuzzy mascot, Fremont County Sheriff's Office begs public to let wildlife be By: Rachel Riley - 5 hr ago El Paso County new car market heats up in May By: Wayne Heilman - 6 hr ago Top Stories Trump’s tangle with Europe leads the continent to find partners elsewhere By: Michael Birnbaum, The Washington Post - 3 hr ago 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to death By: The Associated Press - 3 hr ago VIDEO: Doughnut delivery by drone in Denver is a peek at the future By: P. SOLOMON BANDA, Associated Press - 4 hr ago Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn’t cause death By: The Associated Press - 6 hr ago Kathy Griffin chokes up over Trump in press conference: 'He broke me' By: Melissa Quinn, Washington Examiner - 7 hr ago Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges By: The Associated Press - 12 hr ago The Gazette Girls' Golf Peak Performer of year: Arielle Keating, Rampart By: Kevin Carmody - 12 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries 7 Colorado destinations with a wild, wild past 2017 Colorado School for the Deaf and the Blind Graduation Peak Performers 2016-17 7 Colorado destinations that offer thrills, chills A Look Back 11 summer events not to miss in Colorado Springs Memorial Day at Evergreen Cemetery 2017 MeadowGrass Music Festival 2017 Cheyenne Mountain High School Graduation 2017 Peyton High School Graduation 2017 Woodland Park High School Graduation 2017 Hanover High School Graduation 2017 Vista Ridge High School Graduation 2017 Sand Creek High School Graduation 2017 Falcon High School Graduation 2017 The Classical Academy Graduation 2017 Fountain Valley School Graduation 2017 Thomas MacLaren School Graduation 2017 Fountain-Fort Carson High School graduation 2017 Evangelical Christian Academy Graduation 2017 Colorado Springs Early Colleges Graduation 2017 The Bijou School Graduation 2017 Civa Charter High School Graduation 2017 Early College High School Graduation 2017 Colorado Springs Christian High School Graduation Air Academy v. Valor Christian. 4A State Boys' Baseball. 2017 Sierra High School Graduation 2017 James Irwin Charter High School Graduation Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 3 hr ago Moose attacks two women west of Jamestown in Boulder County 3 hr ago 80-year-old Loveland man cited on allegations of illegally feeding squirrels 3 hr ago Police arrest 'incredibly dangerous' man suspected of carjacking driver at gunpoint during pursuit 3 hr ago Murder charge filed against man who wore demonic clown makeup while allegedly killing homeless man 3 hr ago Colorado: Industry complying with tests after gas blast 5 hr ago Using fuzzy mascot, Fremont County Sheriff's Office begs public to let wildlife be 6 hr ago El Paso County new car market heats up in May Most Read Police: Woman intentionally crashed into Colorado Springs Sprouts store opening this week Identity released of 18-year-old who died in Saturday morning Black Forest crash Argument might have caused El Paso County rollover that killed a woman, 20 Former Texas nurse accused of killing dozens of kids in '80s Transgender Air Force Academy graduate denied commission while Pentagon reviews guidelines Parking business booming for Manitou Incline friendly neighbor Two men, 23 and 82, dead after head-on crash near Peyton Large vehicle fire shuts down I-25 in Denver Blog: Hat toss, Thunderbirds cap 2017 graduation ceremony On what would have been his graduation day, Lewis-Palmer teen remembered for big stature, bigger heart Sports Fri, Jun 2, 2017 The Gazette 2017 Girls' Tennis All-Area teams 4 hr ago The Gazette Girls' Tennis Coach of the Year: Dave Adams, Cheyenne Mountain 5 hr ago Heath Kirkham takes over Discovery Canyon girls' hoops 12 hr ago Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges 12 hr ago The Gazette Girls' Golf Peak Performer of year: Arielle Keating, Rampart 12 hr ago The Gazette 2017 Girls' Golf All-Area teams 13 hr ago Ex-Penn State administrators sentenced to jail time, house arrest for child endangerment in Sandusky scandal Business 4 hr ago VIDEO: Doughnut delivery by drone in Denver is a peek at the future 5 hr ago Correction: Denver Drone Doughnuts story 6 hr ago El Paso County new car market heats up in May 8 hr ago US rig count rises 8 this week to 916; Texas up 5 9 hr ago Pittsburgh to Trump: You don't speak for us on climate 9 hr ago NY AG: Exxon misleading investors on cost of climate regs 9 hr ago Virgin Galactic conducts 9th unpowered test flight Opinion 10 hr ago EDITORIAL: Abusers of freedom behead free speech 18 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Make roads and bridges a priority 19 hr ago LETTERS: Students gaming the system; a preconceived act Fri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: Law will create equal opportunities for children Wed, May 31, 2017 EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in need Wed, May 31, 2017 LETTERS: Appreciation for nature; a great change in leadership Tue, May 30, 2017 NATO is essential to a strong Western alliance Around the Web 3 hr ago 80-year-old Loveland man cited on allegations of illegally feeding squirrels 3 hr ago Murder charge filed against man who wore demonic clown makeup while allegedly killing homeless man 3 hr ago 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to death 3 hr ago Texas man dies after swimming with new tattoo 5 hr ago 10,000 people falsely claim to have been at Manchester attack to get free Ariana Grande tickets, sales outlet says 6 hr ago Suspect arrested in theft of Portland victim's wedding ring, backpack 6 hr ago Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn’t cause death Latest Videos Fort Carson Teddy Bear Clinic to help "injured" animals in Colorado Springs Pikes Peak region forecast Care and Share ramps up its Summer Mobile Food Pantries program in Colorado Springs Weather Forecasts Improve But Under the Radar Raw: Jet Set to Launch Rockets Into Space Debuts Police Release Tiger Woods' DUI Arrest Video Denver Donut Shop Tests Drone Delivery I-25 Truck Fire Snarls Traffic Near Denver This week in GO! Between the Lines: Colorado Springs veteran's suicide prompts Congress to act Helpful tips for your Must See Must Do Weekend Colorado Springs plans Raw: Rolling Thunder Salutes Missing in Action Sports Latest Sports The Gazette 2017 Girls' Tennis All-Area teamsFri, Jun 2, 2017 Rockies-Padres Runs1 hr ago The Gazette Girls' Tennis Coach of the Year: Dave Adams, Cheyenne Mountain4 hr ago Heath Kirkham takes over Discovery Canyon girls' hoops5 hr ago Broncos Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges 12 hr ago Broncos linebackers love beefed-up D-line19 hr ago Broncos say Shaq Barrett is out several months with bad hipWed, May 31, 2017 Paul Klee: In choosing Denver Broncos' quarterback, decision must come sooner rather than laterWed, May 31, 2017 Photo Galleries Peak Performers 2016-17 Air Academy v. Valor Christian. 4A State Boys' Baseball. Girls 4A State Golf Final day of Colorado State Track 2017 4A State Swimming Championship Day 1-Colorado State Track 2017 Windsor 3 Lewis-Palmer 2 Nine straight titles for Cheyenne Mountain 4A State Tennis Finals 4A Girls' State Tennis Boys Lacrosse Lewis-Palmer v. Chaparral Girls Golf: 2017 4A Regional Doherty Spartan Invitational Girls Tennis: 2017 3A Regional Tournament Colorado Springs Switchbacks v. Tulsa Roughnecks Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Abusers of freedom behead free speech10 hr ago EDITORIAL: Law will create equal opportunities for childrenFri, Jun 2, 2017 EDITORIAL: VA failed to save a local vet in needWed, May 31, 2017 NATO is essential to a strong Western allianceTue, May 30, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Students gaming the system; a preconceived act19 hr ago LETTERS: Appreciation for nature; a great change in leadershipWed, May 31, 2017 LETTERS: AFA grads legacy; beautiful bells in downtownTue, May 30, 2017 LETTERS: Leave the doggies at home; a gateway to a GOP winSun, May 28, 2017 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Make roads and bridges a priority18 hr ago Loss of legal services would threaten foundations of democracyTue, May 30, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Chairman Ajit Pai is draining the FCC swampFri, May 26, 2017 COLUMN: Public pipeline maps are a bad ideaFri, May 26, 2017 Local News Local News Moose attacks two women west of Jamestown in Boulder County3 hr ago 80-year-old Loveland man cited on allegations of illegally feeding squirrels3 hr ago Murder charge filed against man who wore demonic clown makeup while allegedly killing homeless man3 hr ago Colorado: Industry complying with tests after gas blast3 hr ago Local and State Politics Virtue of Colorado's new autonomous vehicles law: They "can't drive drunk"11 hr ago Colorado veterans now can turn military experience into college credits11 hr ago Gardner meets with Philippine President Duterte during Pacific Rim tour11 hr ago Colorado toughens penalties for texting while driving19 hr ago Local Business El Paso County new car market heats up in May6 hr ago Free doughnuts, great deals for National Doughnut Day in Colorado Springs15 hr ago Colorado Springs homebuilding rebounds in MayThu, Jun 1, 2017 Colorado Springs-area travel industry officials expect tourism bonanza in 2017Sat, May 27, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World Dubai Flamingo Reserve Photo Gallery3 hr ago Dozens injured in Iranian supermarket explosion2 hr ago Indian fishermen try new nets for healthier oceans5 hr ago Philippine police seek casino attacker's identity6 hr ago Military Trump faces tough task unwinding Obama Cuba policy14 hr ago Correction: Denver Drone Doughnuts story5 hr ago Ex-spy says NSA did mass surveillance during Utah Olympics6 hr ago Virgin Galactic conducts 9th unpowered test flight9 hr ago Blogs Colorado College-Denver hockey rivalry schedule to change for 2018-19 season14 hr ago Update: Cheat sheet for your fantasy football rookie draft (dynasty leagues)Thu, Jun 1, 2017 Air Force receiver Ernie Jennings on College Football Hall of Fame ballotThu, Jun 1, 2017 David Ramsey: The NBA's all-time top 40 players. Will LeBron ever pass Jordan to top the list?Wed, May 31, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime Police arrest 'incredibly dangerous' man suspected of carjacking driver at gunpoint during pursuit3 hr ago Colorado man sentenced to life in prison after conviction for strangling 2-year-old cousin to death9 hr ago Woman allegedly kidnapped from Colorado Springs mobile home park found safe Friday12 hr ago Kids in stolen car lead police on chase through Colorado Springs neighborhood15 hr ago National Crime 16-year-old girl accused of hacking Uber driver, who is a former CU student, to death3 hr ago Suspect arrested in theft of Portland victim's wedding ring, backpack6 hr ago Broncos safety Will Parks facing domestic violence charges 12 hr ago Police: Man with fake gun in custody at Orlando airportTue, May 30, 2017 Life Life Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Sunday, June 4Thu, Jun 1, 2017 Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Friday, June 2Thu, Jun 1, 2017 Colorado Springs-area events calendar: Saturday, June 3Wed, May 31, 2017 AROUND TOWN: Broadmoor Garden Club program leads guests through 59 National ParksWed, May 31, 2017 Arts and Entertainment Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn’t cause death6 hr ago Kathy Griffin chokes up over Trump in press conference: 'He broke me'7 hr ago Take 10: Bryant Jones is going to tickle the ivories with some improvisational piano11 hr ago Pikes Pub: Colorado Springs homebrewer Jessica Fierro wins top prize in 'Beerland' TV series11 hr ago Religion Portlanders respond to killings with prayer and eclectic spirituality6 hr ago In recognizing multiple faiths, the US military moves beyond its shameful past6 hr ago I refuse to forget the Christians advocating for climate action6 hr ago 50 years after the Six-Day War, Israeli Jews reflect on the victory6 hr ago National National Politics EpiPen maker seeks meeting with Chuck Grassley over subpoena threat, report says13 hr ago Trump asks Supreme Court to reinstate travel ban19 hr ago U.S. states, major companies break with Trump’s decision to exit the climate dealThu, Jun 1, 2017 Trump pulling US from global climate pact, dismaying allies Thu, Jun 1, 2017 National Business Pittsburgh to Trump: You don't speak for us on climate9 hr ago Correction: Denver Drone Doughnuts story5 hr ago US rig count rises 8 this week to 916; Texas up 58 hr ago NY AG: Exxon misleading investors on cost of climate regs9 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip E-Edition Special Sections Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Special Sections Calendar 78° Broken Clouds Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds this evening will give way to mainly clear skies overnight. Low 62F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 2, 2017 @ 7:54 pm Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip E-Edition Special Sections Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West AP Walmart: Traditional retailing roots a competitive advantage By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER and ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Associated Press Writers 7 hrs ago (…) FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) — Walmart CEO Doug McMillon is touting the company's traditional retailing roots as a competitive advantage as it seeks to take sales away from online giant Amazon at a time of industry upheaval. Speaking Friday at the annual shareholders' meeting, McMillon highlighted a range of approaches Walmart has introduced or tested in the past year, like grocery pickup to technology that tracks food through the global supply chain. But McMillon and other executives also highlighted the company's investments in higher wages and training for its employees. He said Walmart "will compete with technology, but win with people." The company had reported higher sales and profits in the first quarter, a sharp contrast with the struggles of other retailers. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business Technology Locations Arkansas United States North America Popular This Week Body found behind Walmart off Peters Creek Parkway; death believed to be from natural causes Another inmate at Forsyth County Jail has died Google maps America's most misspelled words by state; what word trips you up the most? Police chase in south Winston-Salem leads to arrest of suspects in crime spree Police identify woman whose body was found behind Walmart on Peters Creek Parkway Woman dies after being thrown from car in Winston-Salem crash Two Winston-Salem boys acquitted in death of 15-year-old Salem College eliminates director of diversity and inclusiveness position Miss Jenny’s Pickles to shut down today Ask SAM: Flag etiquette for Memorial Day Poll Which team do you think will win the NBA Finals? You voted: Cleveland Cavaliers Golden State Warriors What are the NBA Finals? Vote View Results Back Galleries Twin City RibFest 2017 Winston-Salem Cycling Classic Road Race Memorial Day Ceremony at Carolina Field of Honor Uncle Sam's Memorial Tribute Display Sections Home News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Place An Ad Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street The Strategist Log In Register My Account My Profile My Comments My Reviews My Friends Sign Out FOLLOW: Facebook Twitter Instagram The Cut Fashions Runway Street Style Designers Fame Beauty Goods Love & War Search Sections Fashions Fame Beauty Goods Love & War Plus Runway Street Style Designers Sites NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture Science of Us Grub Street Bedford & Bowery Like Us Follow Us Follow Us Ad will collapse in seconds… CLOSE Popular on The Cut workers rights June 2, 2017 06/02/2017 11:30 am How Walmart’s Strict Attendance Policy Hurts Women Workers By Gabriella Paiella Share Facebook iconShare Twitter iconTweet Google Plus iconShare Pinterest iconPin It Email iconEmail Comment iconComment Print icon Print A Walmart store. Photo: JULIO CESAR AGUILAR/AFP/Getty Images Walmart, the world’s largest private retailer, has long been accused of poor labor conditions and union suppression. Now, a new report from the worker’s advocacy organization A Better Balance alleges that the company’s strict absence policy punishes workers and violates both the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Family and Medical Leave Act. The stories contained within demonstrate how the policies affect workers who they describe as “disproportionately low-wage and women of color.” The absence policy involves assigning workers points for unexcused absences, in which anywhere from four to nine points in six months can result in an employee’s firing. The report also claims that managers routinely refused to accept doctor’s notes and that a three-week notice is required for an absence to not result in disciplinary action. (“We understand that associates may have to miss work on occasion, and we have processes in place to assist them,” a Walmart spokesman told the New York Times.) Of course, several workers came forward to describe incidents — such as medical emergencies — in which such a lengthy notice would’ve been an impossibility. Many were women dealing with sick children or an ailing, aging parent, which is expected as women are often the primary — or, in the case of single-parent households, the only — caregiver. Others were women dealing with reproductive issues. Katie Orzehowski, who suffered a miscarriage, says that her absences during that time were counted against her. She went back to work sooner than she was ready to, out of fear that she would be reprimanded and lose her job, though she was still bleeding profusely. “The doctor told me that I had to rest for an additional week, and gave me a note stating that I needed about a week of additional recovery time,” Orzehowski explained. “My manager wouldn’t accept it.” Another woman named Arleja Stevens said she was fired following a series of absences related to pregnancy complications. “When I lost my job, I lost so much — it was hard to get by, and I was so nervous that my kids and I would become homeless,” she told A Better Balance. “I was good at my job at Walmart, and that job meant so much to me.” The New York Times Tags: love and war labor wal-mart workers rights How Walmart’s Strict Attendance Policy Hurts Women Workers Share on Facebook Tweet this Story Top Stories I’m Worried I’ll Never Be Able to Afford Kids ‘Why Is Everyone Always Criticizing Me?’ Here, Have This Extremely Heartwarming Story About a Paralyzed Kitten Most Viewed Stories This Story Might Almost Make You Feel Bad for Sean Spicer The Pope Mercilessly Dragged Donald Trump Police Catch Party Pigeon With Tiny Backpack Full of Drugs The Woman Fired During Her Maternity Leave Olympic Gold Medalist Does Not Look Strong Enough to Male Airport Security Donald and Melania Trump Hold Hands Because They’re Fine, Everything’s Fine. (Update: No, They’re Not.) Scott Disick and Bella Thorne Sure Look Comfortable With Each Other Donald Trump Only Has One App on His iPhone. Guess What It Is. Prince Harry Is Reportedly Giving Meghan Markle Time to Get Used to This Whole ‘Royal’ Thing Before He Proposes Helen Mirren’s ‘Top 5 Rules for a Happy Life’ Are Words to Live By From Our Partners Beautyeditor Meghan Markle, Before and After goop The Secret to Looking Younger Forever HuffPost Parents Mom Who Beat Cancer While Pregnant Dies A Day After… powered by PubExchange Most Popular Video On The Cut Working Moms React to Ivanka Trump’s Women Who Work The Latest on the Cut 1 min ago How Walmart’s Strict Attendance Policy Hurts Women Workers The retail behemoth is once again being accused of labor violations. 7 mins ago Ivanka Trump Tweets That She’s ‘Proud to Support LGBTQ Americans,’ Which, Huh ….okay, then. 9 mins ago Rob Kardashian Cleverly Denies Dating ‘Megan Something’ He tweeted that he’s never even heard of his alleged girlfriend, Mehgan James. 10:55 a.m. Two Makeup Artists Compete to Get Beyoncé’s Look in Seven Minutes Watch our new video series, The Face Race, to see who won! 10:30 a.m. Drew Barrymore Is Every Woman Doing Her Makeup During Her Commute She applied makeup by looking at her reflection in the hazy subway wall. 10:09 a.m. The Artist Exploring Our Digital Existence Talking to Xavier Cha, who was selected for this year’s BAM Next Wave Festival. 10:01 a.m. I’m Worried I’ll Never Be Able to Afford Kids Is anyone ever financially prepared to bring a child into this world? 9:56 a.m. This Rihanna–Kevin Durant Feud Is the Basketball Drama We Need She yelled “BRICK” as he made a shot. 9:52 a.m. Two Makeup Artists Compete to Get Beyoncé’s Look in 7 Minutes Watch our new video series, the Face Race, to see how. 8:30 a.m. ‘Why Is Everyone Always Criticizing Me?’ What Your Therapist Really Thinks: This week’s column. 7:49 a.m. Lindsay Lohan Is Apparently Launching A Jewelry Line I love your bracelet, where did you get it? Yesterday at 5:30 p.m. Tim Walker Shot This Romantic New Ad Campaign for Alberta Ferretti Carine Roitfeld styled a fashion shoot inspired by Venice. Yesterday at 5:22 p.m. In Florida, You Can Now Get a Birth Certificate for a Miscarriage A new bill even lets parents name the dead fetus. Yesterday at 5:05 p.m. Gwyneth Paltrow Says She Once Went on a Cleanse for 7 (Seven) Weeks Of course she did. Yesterday at 4:40 p.m. Noose Found on Floor of Segregation Exhibit at African American History Museum This is the second noose in the past week that’s been found on Smithsonian grounds. Yesterday at 4:30 p.m. Steve Madden Brought Back the Platform With a Pizza Party To celebrate a new partnership with Caroline Vreeland. Yesterday at 4:17 p.m. Here, Have This Extremely Heartwarming Story About a Paralyzed Kitten Do yourself a favor and follow Kitten Lady today. Yesterday at 3:43 p.m. How to Wear the Blue-Striped Shirt That’s Everywhere You Go From J.Crew to Self Portrait. Yesterday at 3:16 p.m. Sarah Silverman Slid Into Ivanka Trump’s DMs to Tell Her to Stand Up for Women Surprise: It didn’t work. Yesterday at 3:16 p.m. Marla Maples Would Like You to Know She Just Took a 24-Hour ‘Spiritual Holiday’ Sounds nice. Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram RSS Feedly Privacy Terms Sitemap Media Kit Ad Choices About Us Contacts Feedback We’re Hiring! © 2017, New York Media LLC. View all trademarks LOG IN REGISTER Social Account Facebook or Remember Me Forgot Password? Sign up with a social account: Facebook Don’t worry. We will never post to your social media account without your permission. or create an account Female Male NYMag.com may email me about new site features and special offers. By creating an account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. We’ve sent a registration confirmation email to . Please follow the instructions in the email within 48 hours to complete your registration. Forgot Your Password? Enter your email address or username and we’ll email instructions on how to reset your password. This username or email is associated with a Facebook account. Log in with your social account: Facebook Check Your Inbox We’ve sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password. Choose a Username Your username will appear next to your comments. Email: By creating a NYMag.com account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You already have an account registered under . You can link your Facebook account to your existing account. No, Sign In Welcome! You are now a registered user of NYMag.com, TheCut.com, Vulture.com, ScienceOfUs.com and GrubStreet.com. Want more? Subscribe to our daily newsletters. Daily Intelligencer Constant news updates on politics, business, media, and real estate. Vulture Breaking news and analysis on all the latest TV, movies, music, books, theater, and art. The Cut Get the latest fashion, beauty, and shopping news and recommendations. No Thanks We're sorry. You must confirm your registration within 48 hours of submitting your registration request. Please register again. You are already registered. Please log in. Reset Your Password Enter a new password Your password has been successfully changed. Please log in.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wal-Mart Asks Employees to Deliver Packages on Their Way Home by Spencer Soper @spencersoper More stories by Spencer Soper June 1, 2017, 1:20 PM EDT Retailer lets workers deliver packages during commutes home Test of new program began at stores in New Jersey and Arkansas Wal-Mart Employees Uses as Secret Weapon in Amazon Fight Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is testing a program that sends store employees to deliver online orders at the end of their shifts, a new push by the world’s biggest retailer to use its large physical footprint to match Amazon.com Inc.’s convenient options for web purchases. Workers can opt in to earn extra money by making deliveries using their own cars. They’re assigned packages based on where they live so the route aligns with their commute home, the company said Thursday in a blog post. Wal-Mart didn’t specify how the employees will be compensated. The test began at three locations in Arkansas and New Jersey. Wal-Mart is tapping into its 4,700 U.S. stores and more than a million retail employees as it seeks to redefine itself in an age of e-commerce dominated by Amazon, which offers delivery of some products in as little as an hour in some cities. Online spending will increase by 16 percent this year -- more than four times the pace of overall retail -- to reach $462 billion, according to EMarketer Inc. About 90 percent of the U.S. population lives within 10 miles of a Wal-Mart, and the company is using those locations as shipping hubs to compete with Amazon on the last mile of delivery -- the most expensive part of getting goods to customers. By using existing workers in their own cars, Wal-Mart could create a vast network with little upfront cost, similar to how Uber Technologies Inc. created a ride-hailing service without owning any cars. "Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work and the houses they pass along the way," said Marc Lore, who took over Wal-Mart’s e-commerce operation last year after the retailer purchased his startup, Jet.com, for $3.3 billion. "This test could be a game-changer." Many online orders in tests have been delivered overnight using store employees, Lore said, showing how the initiative could also be used to narrow delivery times. The lines between internet and brick-and-mortar commerce are blurring as retailers -- including Amazon -- try to accommodate a variety of shopping preferences. Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart offers free two-day delivery on millions of items to compete with Amazon’s standard delivery time. It also lets customers buy groceries online and pick them up at stores and offers discounts to online shoppers who pick up items at stores rather than having them delivered. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Amazon, meanwhile, has stepped up its experimentation with physical locations. It’s slowly opening physical bookstores in big cities around the U.S., which double as showrooms for Amazon gadgets like its Kindle readers and Echo voice-activated speakers. The company opened two drive-in grocery pickup kiosks in its hometown of Seattle earlier this month, its first attempt to match the click-and-collect options rolled out by Wal-Mart and other big-box competitors. For more on logistics, check out the Decrypted podcast: Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump to Exit Climate Pact as Allies Deride Call for Do-Over Wal-Mart Asks Employees to Deliver Packages on Their Way Home Puerto Rico's Exodus Is Speeding the Island’s Economic Collapse What Did Trump Just Do? The Paris Climate Withdrawal Explained Denmark Is Killing Tesla (and Other Electric Cars) Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Search Contact Us Make My Homepage Sign In | Sign Up Home News Laramie News Wyoming News UW and WyoTech Events Events List Submit Your Event Staff Rewards Join Laramie Rewards Contests Help: Laramie Rewards Support Win Stuff Win A VIP Night For 4 At The College National Finals Rodeo iRobot Roomba 860 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner $200 Visa Gift Card Blink Home Security Camera System Xbox One S Minecraft Bundle $200 Target Gift Card Amazon Echo Show Coleman 8-Person Instant Tent GoPro Hero5 Bundle Weather Weather Forecast Road Conditions Closings & Delays WYDOT Road Closures Highway Webcams Contact Feedback Advertise with Us Laramie Rewards Support Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube subscribe via RSSTip Us What’s Hot: Ask The City Submit An Event Teddy Bear Drive WyoLotto Numbers Laramie Rewards Support Don’t Taze Me, Bro: Wyoming’s Wildest Taser Incidents By Rick Roddam June 2, 2017 10:14 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Taser International via Getty Images This week, Casper Police used a Taser to subdue a shoplifter at a local Walmart store. We can only hope that the suspect was screaming, “don’t taze me” to the officers while they took turns zapping him in the sporting goods department. Here’s a look back at some of Wyoming’s wildest taser incidents: Perhaps the most infamous episode occurred in 2010, when Laramie Police tased University of Wyoming student, Patrick Lewallen. Unfortunately, Lewallen broke several bones in his face when his head hit the ground. He later sued the Laramie Police, who settled out of court. Another “shocking” event took place in 2011, when the wife of an off-duty Riverton Police Officer used her personal taser during a bar fight. The victim of the attack was also arrested for assaulting a police officer after punching her husband in the face. Freemont County had to bring in a special prosecutor to avoid a conflict of interest during the criminal trial. In 2015, a Glenrock man was tased and pepper sprayed after leading police on a high-speed chase. The intoxicated driver left a Casper restaurant without paying his bill before attempting to elude authorities on Interstate 25. When a Converse Country Sheriff Deputy ran the suspect off the road, he “flipped off” the officers and refused to leave the vehicle. After being tased, the man was forcibly removed from the car and was later taken to the hospital and treated for minor injuries. Of course, no list of Wyoming’s wildest taser incidents is complete without the bizarre tale of a naked man who was tased by Casper Police in the Natrona County Library. In 2012, an employee at the America Theater called to report a man who was wearing only underwear, acting strangely and foaming at the mouth. Several calls later, the man was found in the library, sitting behind a desk and holding an upside down phone to his ear. After resisting arrest, he was tased and taken to jail.     Filed Under: Wyoming Category: Weird News | Wyoming News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! Laramie Live on Facebook Prizes + Rewards $200 Target Gift Card Who doesn't need $200 to Target? Amazon Echo Show Enter to win a brand new Amazon Echo Show! Coleman 8-Person Instant Tent Camp in style and comfort this summer with a Coleman 8-person tent! See More Laramie Events Today’s Forecast 47° F Humidity: 90% Wind Speed: SSW 5 MPH Barometer: 30.24" Dewpoint: 44°F (7°C) Visibility: 10 mi. Scattered Clouds Partly cloudy View 5 Day Forecast EEO Public File Advertise on Laramie Live Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Laramie Business Listings Welcome back to Laramie Rewards It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Laramie Rewards It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://laramielive.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Laramie Rewards (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Laramie Rewards brought to you by: Sign up for Laramie Rewards Register Now Sign up for Laramie Rewards quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Laramie Rewards brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Laramie Rewards contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Laramie Rewards brought to you by: Laramie Live Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Putin tells NBC's Megyn Kelly that hacking of Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's election may have been CIA-run false flag operation designed to incriminate Russia Tragedy as high school graduate, 18, 'accidentally shoots and kills his girlfriend while showing off a gun he got as a graduation present from the girl's father' Children kept as 'wives' of pedophile prophet had Lyme disease, rotten teeth and didn't even know how to wash their hair when they were discovered 'He's a very attractive, good-looking man': Hillary Clinton says Barack Obama broke the race barrier due to his APPEARANCE while reiterating her belief that sexism cost her the election Brother, 29, of child killer dubbed 'The Butcher of Brooklyn' is found dead and tied up in a closet at the home where his sibling murdered an 8-year-old boy Eye-watering moment a reporter's lightning reflexes and well-placed clipboard saves him from being hit in the crotch by a baseball during Marlins game Homeless man 'stole wedding ring from the finger of dead Portland train hero' who was stabbed as he defended two teenage girls 'I don't want to hear it!': Cute toddler sasses her father when he tries to get her to go to sleep Moment police raid aspiring rapper's home is streamed on Facebook Live as he films himself waving around stacks of cash 'Society thinks all rape is just when a man pounces from the bushes': Woman, 21, reveals how her Tinder date took off his condom without her knowledge during sex Just say no: Barbara and Jenna Bush will speak for the first time about their college arrests for underage drinking and reveal they did not want their dad to run for president in new book Former Penn State President and two other administrators are jailed for failing to report Jerry Sandusky child abuse allegation Gretchen Carlson reveals she was shunned by her closest friends and coworkers after she accused former Fox chairman Roger Ailes of firing her for refusing sex in new memoir 'I could hear things going on, but my eyes were shut': Teen speaks out about night she was 'raped by high school football star while unconscious' after he took a secret plea deal in case that divided Alabama town Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery Woman is caught driving in a pool lane reserved for vehicles transporting at least two passengers with a plastic doll in the backseat and a 'baby on board' sign in the window Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself as grieving wife says he had a 'moment of terrible judgment' Carmine 'The Bull' Agnello, former son-in-law of Gambino crime boss John Gotti, avoids jail with plea deal after being accused of running illegal $4 million car-scrapping scheme Turkish-born NBA star Enes Kanter says his father has been arrested back home just one week after the government issued a warrant for the basketball player's arrest Smiling again: Ariana Grande embraces survivors of her bombed gig as she brings presents to Manchester Children's Hospital in a heart-warming surprise visit  Ring of steel set to protect 50,000 fans: Huge security operation in place as Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester victims Church member admits in court she was one of 30 people who 'slapped, beat, and choked a gay man to expel his homosexual demons' Kathy Griffin loses ALL of the rest of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal Special counsel Mueller is consolidating Russia probe to include inquiry into former Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort – plus ex-security advisor Mike Flynn's ties to Turkey Previous Next PICTURED IN HER MUGSHOT: The 16-year-old who 'hacked her Uber driver to death with a knife and machete she stole from Walmart' Eliza Wasni, 16, has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder in the stabbing death of Uber driver Grant Nelson, 34  Prosecutors say Nelson was giving Wasni a ride early Tuesday morning when she attacked him with a knife and a machete she stole from a Chicago Walmart  Nelson fled the vehicle and tried to get help from residents inside a nearby condo, but he later died at the hospital  Police found Wasni hiding behind a nearby building and took her into custody A judge ordered her held without bond at her first court appearance Wednesday  By Ashley Collman For Dailymail.com and Associated Press Published: 11:50 EDT, 2 June 2017 | Updated: 21:29 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail 1k shares 105 View comments Pictured in her mugshot is the 16-year-old girl accused of stabbing her Uber driver to death with a knife and a machete she stole from Walmart in a crazed early morning attack.  Eliza Wasni was ordered held without bail at her first hearing in Cook County, Illinois court on Wednesday.  The teen, who lives with a single mother in Norwood Park, stands accused of murdering Uber driver Grand Nelson, 34, after getting a ride from him early Tuesday morning.  Wasni kept her head on the ground for most of the court appearance, as she was charged as an adult with first-degree murder. She only spoke up once, to confirm her name. She is currently being represented by a public defender, and will be jailed at a juvenile facility.  Scroll down for video  Eliza Wasni, 16 (pictured), has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder in the death of Uber driver Grant Nelson  Nelson (right) was driving Wasni (left) early Tuesday morning when she attacked him with two knives she stole from Walmart, prosecutors said   Nelson fled his vehicle (above) and tried to get help, but later died at the hospital   Prosecutors called the crime 'heinous' and Judge Michael Hood agreed that Nelson's murder was 'extremely violent'.   Nelsons parents as well as his two siblings, Todd and Alexandra, were in the courtroom during Wednesday's hearing.   Family members could be heard sobbing at times as prosecutors read out a two-page description of the murder.  The description offers no reason for the attack, but portrays Wasni as a calm girl who 'nonchalantly' could be seen walking through Walmart earlier in the evening, with a knife and a machete in hand, before she walked outside without paying. Prosecutors said that Nelson, a resident of Wilmette, picked the girl up shortly after 3am Tuesday in Lincolnwood. It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early hours of Tuesday. It's unclear what prompted the attack. Prosecutors say Wasni stole the car but abandoned it soon after striking a median   Nelson ran into this condo and tried to get help from residents, yelling 'Help me, help me! I'm going to die!' Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said that Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, 'Help me, help me! I'm going to die!' until residents called 911. Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. When Lincolnwood police arrived, they found the vehicle with blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson's phone open to the Uber app. The app said that Nelson's passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Todd Nelson said that his brother Grant (pictured) was 'the most gentle, kind person. He never hurt anyone. He was good to animals, he was good to children' Nelson is pictured on the far left with members of his family in a photo shared to Facebook. The family attended Wasni's first hearing on Wednesday Using the description given by Nelson, police found her nearby crouching behind an air conditioner - a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. 'We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners,' Uber said in a statement. 'Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time.' They also said that she appeared to be in violation of the company's rules, which states that riders must be 18 years or older.  The company spokesman said that a rider's access can be removed if they are found to be underage, and that there is a mechanism as well for drivers to report riders they suspect of being underage. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next DUI driver, 25, with three previous offences is charged with... More than $25,000 is raised on GoFundMe account set up for... School security guard, 55, arrested for 'aiding ex-cop in... Former nurse pleads guilty to killing EIGHT patients aged... Share this article Share 1k shares Nelson's sister told WMAQ-TV in Chicago that her brother was a good person. 'He was not a vindictive person,' Alex Nelson said. 'He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate.' She added to the Chicago Tribune that she hopes 'justice will happen' in the 'horrifying and maddening murder'.  Brother Todd Nelson said that his bother was 'the most gentle, kind person. He never hurt anyone. He was good to animals, he was good to children'.  Nelson lived at home with their parents and worked as a waiter. He drove for Uber and Lyft after his shifts to make money. 'He was just trying to do the best he could in life,' Todd said.   Friends told ABC7 that Nelson was driving that night because he could get higher fares for the holiday.  'It was surging. He said it's just opportunity to make some more money,' a friend, Waqas Abbasi said.   It is the first homicide in Lincolnwood since 2006, police said.  Read more: Girl, 16, accused of killing Uber driver with stolen knife, machete - Chicago Tribune Teen charged with murder in Uber driver's stabbing death in Lincolnwood | abc7chicago.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 1k shares Most watched News videos Kathy Griffin speaks in public on offensive Trump picture CCTV footage of men leading away woman before raping her Dramatic footage of rare mini TSUNAMI hitting Dutch beach resort Man assaults wife and lover after catching them in the act Shocking footage of thieves stealing a MOPED in broad daylight Beefeater tells woman off for throwing glove at Royal Guard Rihanna arrives in plunging white dress at Revolve Social Club Trump announces U.S. will officially withdraw from Paris accord Ariana Grande arrives at Stansted airport ahead of concert Corbyn discusses tackling nuclear threats from N Korea and Iran Footage of man who stole from Portland stabbing victims French President Macron rules out climate renegotiation 'There's a bunch of old white guys trying to silence me!'... Led away by 'Good Samaritan... who gang-raped her in a... Scorned husband stomps on cheating wife and her lover as... 'I got to meet my queen today!' Ariana Grande embraces... Kathy Griffin claims she is a victim of 'bullying' at... Parents leave one-year-old BABY girl beside a bin for an... President Steve Bannon? Morning Joe says right-wing Trump... Ariana Grande arrives at Stansted ahead of Sunday's... Fears of 'another Rochdale' as police probe 200 cases of... Schoolgirl, 14, is taken sobbing from her classroom by... Single bungling IT engineer to blame for BA's £150million... Sixth form girls go braless in a show of solidarity for... Driver, 46, who was hounded for a year over a parking... 'I don't see it as such a big deal to have sex with... Cow born with a human-like head is worshipped by Indian... Now ANOTHER poll reveals a plunging Tory lead as a new... Emails show Hillary Clinton didn't want to share a plane... Dramatic moment have-a-go heroes suddenly charge at... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 105 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Tarmac titillation! Taylor Swift appears to get handsy with new beau Joe Alwyn next to her private jet in LA Trying her best to be discreet with her beau Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event 'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour 'I got to meet my queen today!' Ariana Grande embraces survivors of her bombed gig as she brings presents to Manchester Children's Hospital Ring of steel set to protect 50,000 fans: Huge security operation in place as Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester victims 22 people died Kendall Jenner looks runway ready in coordinating striped top and wide leg pants for a day out in New York Wore a ribbed top and wide leg trousers Pretty as a petal! Maggie Gyllenhaal dons chic floral jacket and trouser combination at New York premiere of The Deuce Fashionable actress Back to family life! Kourtney Kardashian takes Mason and Penelope to the movies after living it up at the Cannes Film Festival Showed of her tummy 'They were serious': Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay 'dated NBA star Kevin Durant when they were in college' They both attended The University of Texas No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander reveals her toned tummy as she rocks crop top and tight black leather pants Seen in a revealing ensemble ABS-olutely fabulous! Karrueche Tran flaunts her midriff in vintage crop top with ripped jeans for lunch outing Stepped out for lunch at Mauro's restaurant Former Bachelorette star Trista Sutter, 44, suffers seizure and collapses in front of her children while on vacation in Croatia Scary ordeal On the floor! Jennifer Lopez, 47, gets a helping hand up from her dancers after bending a little TOO far backward during her Las Vegas show  Izabel Goulart shows off her incredible abs and pert posterior in nautical thong bikini as she enjoys Ibiza beach holiday with footballer beau Kevin Trapp Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video Moms unite! Jessica Alba and Jenna Dewan-Tatum bring glam to the beach for Baby2Baby benefit Businesswomen and mothers Dill-igent mama to be! Pregnant Heidi Montag chomps down on a pickle to satisfy her cravings in middle of grocery store Five months pregnant Adriana Lima emphasizes her pins in colorful leggings... after diamond ring Instagram declaring 'I AM MARRIED TO ME' Out and about in Miami Ciao bella! Blogger Natasha Oakley flaunts her ample cleavage in a bikini as she soaks up the sun on lavish Italian getaway Bikini blogger Extra extra! Drew Barrymore goes Boho in billowing rainbow maxi to hand out copies of her new publication Stepped into the world of publishing Super mom! Zoe Saldana reveals toned tummy in crop top while picking up two-year-old twins from school Revealed her enviable midriff  Back in black! 13 Reasons Why's Katherine Langford dons an understated ensemble as she is swarmed by fans at Sydney airport Back so soon? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi returns to Instagram just NINE hours after vowing to quit social media Couldn't stay away Good enough to eat! Padma Lakshmi looks delectable in crocheted swimsuit on the cover of Beach magazine She graced the new cover of Beach 'Dog walkers on deck!' Kendall Jenner's Mew joins Mariah Carey's Cha Cha and Chloe Grace Moretz's Pearl in Wag club Furry friends Shy guy! Zac Efron keeps a low profile in blue hoodie for return to LA... after showing off pole dancing skills on Graham Norton Show He's not usually shy Basketball Wives: LA star Laura Govan's home burglarized as thieves take $700,000 in cash and jewelry from her Southern California property 'I live for donuts!' Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth gets VERY excited while driving dirt bike around in circles Miley Cyrus' fiance It's a boy! Actress Lake Bell welcomes her second child with Scott Campbell She and her tattoo artist husband already have daughter Nova, aged two Inspiring, indeed! Lea Michele shows off toned figure in tight floral dress at the Inspiration Awards in LA She was presenting an award at the ceremony 'She's gone into serious detail': Kylie Minogue 'to spill the beans' on Joshua Sasse split in new album... after music helped her through 'very tough time' Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself  Justin Bieber shows off his heavily tattooed chest and touches his nipples after hugging a bikini girl by a swimming pool in New York Having fun in the sun Soldiering on! Gwyneth Paltrow steps out still on her medical boot as she chats with a pal in Santa Monica First spotted in it just over a week ago Her own best advertisement! Khloe Kardashian strikes a sensual pose to model her newest figure-hugging Good American jeans All that's missing is a yacht! Mad Men vet January Jones pulls off nautical look at Inspiration Awards... after trashing Donald Trump on Instagram Platell's People: Diana would tell William and Harry 'don't look back in anger' William has spoken of the agony of walking behind Diana's coffin Diane Keaton 'hates' her figure: Actress, 71, whose nude film scenes were meant to empower older women admits using designer clothes to cover up her body  Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend Said to be 'head over heels' in love Summer chic! Elle Fanning delights in white strapless dress as she steps out with mystery man in NYC Spotted out and about in New York City Twinning is winning! Coco Austin puts her daughter Chanel in a matching T-shirt... as the tot has a CC logo on her back In Australia with Ice-T Pippa Middleton's $150,000 Moneymoon: Newlywed's vacation featured $320 kangaroo lunch, pricey bikinis galore and 15-minute flight costing $650  The moment executive in charge of Apple Music 'yelled at Rihanna to sit down at the NBA Finals' Singer was animated at game, even heckling Kevin Durant They're Down with it! Fifth Harmony wow as they debut their first single without Camila Cabello on GMA Four remaining members of the band Charli XCX flashes her toned stomach in crop top as she puts on a leggy display in tiny shorts during New York City concert Took center stage Brandy explains 'exhaustion' from constant travel is the reason she fell unconscious on Delta flight out of LA and was later hospitalized Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery 'He's a special person!': Renee Zellweger gushes about boyfriend Doyle Bramhall while attending film gala with her brother Andrew Chilling out! Emma Stone looks relaxed in striped blouse and jeans as she enjoys down time after wrapping The Favourite La La Land star EXCLUSIVE: Carmelo Anthony is 'fuming' over Chris Rock's bold pass at basketball star's estranged wife La La Anthony - but she says she was 'flattered'  Style Swoon: From bag silhouette Kendall Jenner keeps wearing to Alexa Chung's stylish new line, FEMAIL reveals fashions we're loving this week 'Those are the children you raised': Kendall Jenner sounds off against Caitlyn 'dissing the Kardashians' in her tell-all memoir Accused her of lying Gretchen Carlson reveals she was shunned by her closest friends and coworkers after she accused Roger Ailes of firing her for refusing sex It's only crock 'n' roll! Youngest Stone is 70 (and now they all need support acts!)  All needed a guiding arm as they left Wood's 70th birthday bash Dawn of justice! Gal Gadot steps out of New York hotel make-up free as her film Wonder Woman is expected to take US box office by storm Girls night out: Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin's stylish daughters Delilah and Amelia step out in eye-catching outfits in Los Angeles Married at First Sight star reveals his desperation to give his wife her first orgasm, after having sex with her regularly for three weeks with no luck Beauty guru Michelle Phan posts first video in months, admitting how her growing obsession with vanity and money led to her depression YouTube beauty vlogger Pregnant Serena Williams showcases her blossoming bump as she watches French Open tennis... after revealing she does not know baby's gender Dirty Baby! Tyga's rumored former fling Demi Rose looks bootylicious as she steps out in a slogan crop top in Ibiza Put on a busty display No clashes here! Vanessa Williams glows while joined by her glamorous Daytime Divas co-stars during Nasdaq MarketSite event in NYC Prom time! Teresa Giudice glows as her eldest daughter Gia, 16, looks pretty for high school dance... while dad Joe serves three years in prison Jon Hamm discusses his breakup from  Jennifer Westfeldt as he admits he may be a 'narcissist'... after 'getting cozy' with Kate Beckinsale Beaming Lily Collins looks every inch the gym bunny as she leaves workout in Los Angeles  in skin-tight leggings and khaki coat George Clooney's ex-girlfriend Elisabetta Canalis keeps it casual in t-shirt and jeans as she dotes over daughter Skyler during lunch outing Meet Monsieur Toilette! Deleted scene from live-action Beauty and the Beast reveals movie was meant to feature a feisty talking TOILET character EXCLUSIVE: 'I fight against my genes constantly': Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves enjoys passionate smooch with personal trainer Danni Levy Looks familiar! Victoria's Secret beauty Romee Strijd recreates Kendall Jenner's Marc Jacobs look for NYC photoshoot Covered up for once Busty Pamela Anderson shows off her tiny waist and lean legs in a cream bardot dress as she steps out in St Tropez She's 50 on July 1  Patron saint of fashion! Justin Bieber's protégé 18-year-old Madison Beer becomes Moschino designer Jeremy Scott's latest muse   Double denim diva! Jessica Biel channels one of her husband Justin Timberlake's most famous looks from his Britney Spears days Spotted in sunny NYC Climate control! Ivanka sports bold red lipstick and short monochrome as she steps out in D.C., a day after shunning her father's Paris historic accord announcement 'It's disheartening!': Real Housewives Of Atlanta star Phaedra Parks admits that her divorce from Apollo Nida is extremely painful Sean Penn 'bumped from ECONOMY to FIRST CLASS' after passenger on Delta flight 'made snarky comments' about star's carry-on bags Lunch to go! Katie Holmes picks up takeout in LA.... hours before Jamie Foxx is seen across town Keeping relationship out of the spotlight Chelsea Clinton flashes bra in sheer top at NYC gay bar's Pride Month event, admitting she wore green to protest Trump's Paris Accord decision A new romance? Kate Beckinsale and Jon Hamm were 'flirting' and 'inseparable' at Los Angeles  screening for his new movie Baby Driver So long, Chicago! Sophia Bush goes incognito as she wears sunglasses at LAX airport after quitting hit medical drama Moving on to new things 'He's trying to teach me how to hit the ball!' Katherine Webb and her NFL husband AJ McCarron enjoy a baby-free date night at Topgolf 'They've flown cases of tequila to an amazing villa': Kim Kardashian 'joins husband Kanye West in the Bahamas for his lavish 40th birthday party' My how you've changed! Two decades after movie Matilda premiered we reveal where child stars are now... and some are totally unrecognizable She's having a boy! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad announces she's having a son with cute Instagram post Card said 'It's a guy' with a baby in blue car 'Gym selfie - because fat people don't work out, right?' Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at body-shamers by sharing a photo of herself in locker room Good heavens! Victoria's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio goes BRALESS at shoe launch... as she hangs out with Kylie Minogue's ex Andres Velencoso 'You see young soldiers permanently damaged... it's very sobering': Brad Pitt says he made War Machine to remind people of ravages of war 'I'm not against people owning guns': Kim Kardashian talks tighter laws in honor of National Gun Violence Awareness Day Posted  views online  Electra-fying! Carmen, 45, sizzles in plunging cocktail dress as she parties the night away at Hollywood hotspot The Peppermint Club Showed off her assets What an improvement! Kim Zolciak shows son Kash's healing face just six weeks after he was mauled by a dog Brave four year old is smiling again She's just like you and me! Drew Barrymore puts on her makeup in the carriage window as she rides the New York City subway Down to earth star Mischa Barton looks fashion forward as she steps out in a pink silk dress at the Executor premiere... following her sex tape battle  Flashed her legs Naomi Campbell stuns in one-shoulder gown while Victoria Silvstedt turns heads in a bright orange number at Monte-Carlo Fashion Week Gala Rude boy! Warriors star Kevin Durant appears to stare down Rihanna as he hits a crucial three pointer during game one of NBA finals Family time! Katherine Heigl shares sweet snaps of herself and baby son taken over his first six months as she vows to not to miss a moment together Katy Perry looks chic in purple leather dress as she promotes new album in Paris... ahead of performance at Manchester benefit concert Victoria's Secret Angel Izabel Goulart sizzles in barely-there bikini as she puts on a VERY steamy display with soccer star beau Kevin Trapp on Ibiza yacht 'This is my girlfriend': Troubled Charlie Sheen proudly introduces pretty blonde Jools as pair celebrates his daughter's 12th birthday at Santa Monica eatery 'You are labeled as loose!' Scarlett Johansson says it shouldn't be 'taboo' for women to talk about enjoying sex Revealing interview 'I wanted to turn my divorce into a positive': Gwyneth Paltrow FINALLY explains why she used 'dorky' term 'conscious uncoupling' for Chris Martin split Cinder-Kelly: Megyn goes monotone in white jeans, bell-sleeved blouse, and a black sweater to moderate Putin forum in Russia  Keeping it low key Don't take your eye off the ball! Rihanna flashes her cleavage in plunging top as she HECKLES Golden State Warriors star Kevin Durant during NBA Finals 'She started three families with three different people and f***** everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris Sandra Bullock gives her six-year-old son Louis an affectionate pat while strolling in Los Angeles Happy moments for 52-year-old actress 'Why move?!' Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her bump in a bikini as she makes the most of her Thai vacation Mom-two-be kicked back on a sun longer  Stars in YOUR eyes! Jeremy Piven talks all about the launch of his under $30 sunglasses collection with Jamie Foxx, Hailee Steinfeld and Ashley Benson  Looks like hard work! Emily Ratajkowski sports a bandage on her foot and plaster on her knee as she films new scenes for thriller Welcome Home in Italy The men in her life! Single Chloe Grace Moretz sports a vintage Rolling Stone shirt as she strolls with two of her brothers in New York City EXCLUSIVE - Bruce Springsteen as you've never seen him before: Photographer who documented star's life for 40 years releases behind the scenes pics Nailed it! Karrueche Tran and Christina Milian look smoking hot for the Hollywood premiere of their TNT show Claws Sexy comedy-drama  She should be in the Circus! Britney Spears shows off her amazing flexibility as she takes part in a workout session in Japan Taking care of her health Is Carey Mulligan pregnant? Star displays rounded bump as she dines at London restaurant with musician husband Marcus Mumford Diva moment! Bethenny Frankel gestures wildly in frustration on set of her new reality show in NYC She's known for her emotional outbursts Khloe Kardashian puts her derriere on full display in skintight blue denim as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Added a burgundy tank top and gold flip flops Kathy Griffin claims she has been BULLIED by the Trump family as she prepares to hold a press conference to explain why she did THAT photo shoot Kristen Stewart looks typically edgy in bomber jacket and jeans as she grabs a coffee in West Hollywood with casually-clad girlfriend Stella Maxwell Smiling Selma Blair shows off her freshly dyed hair as she runs errands in Los Angeles... a week after letting her natural color shine through 'It is overwhelming': 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford says she's humbled after being swarmed by fans during whirlwind Sydney visit Melissa McCarthy dons chic checkered shawl as she enjoys Disneyland with her husband and daughters Spending time at the happiest place on Earth Ashley Graham exposes cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles Something boring you? Bella Thorne leaves a sweaty gym session with her older sister Dani... but the pair are glued to their phones as they walk along street     DON'T MISS New video captures the moment Tiger Woods struggles to blow into a breathalyzer test in jail as barefoot golfer appears confused after his DUI arrest  Tom Cruise reveals he did own zero-gravity stunt on The Mummy... as co-star Annabelle Wallis says it was 'incredible she didn't vomit on him' Well she is Beyonce's mom! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Tight clothing showed off her amazing curves Renee Zellweger wows in LBD as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Oscar-winning actress was a showstopper She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik, 26,  flaunts her stunning body at the beach in a skimpy leopard bikini and wows in a white netted top  Trump's ex-wife Marla Maples is spotted cozying up to a mystery man on day out playing softball in Central Park after spiritual getaway with daughter Tiffany 'This is your chance': Sarah Silverman tells Chelsea Handler she reached out to Ivanka Trump via Twitter and asked her to stand up for women 'One man cannot destroy progress': Arnie Schwarzenegger leads celebrities in Trump climate change protest as JK Rowling says he's living on another planet  Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age 292,  tour AGAIN, we reveal untold stories from 55 years on the road Whip it real good! Leather-clad Hilary Duff plays a dominatrix in season four trailer for Younger which features guest star Kristin Chenoweth Irina Shayk beams as she's seen with baby daughter Lea de Seine for first time during LA stroll... as daddy Bradley Cooper shoots new movie nearby Ariana Grande arrives in England ahead of Sunday's star-studded benefit concert for victims of the Manchester terrorist attack  Manchester's strength is a lesson to the world: Prince William pays tribute to city during surprise visit to meet emergency crews who helped after bombing  Going hell for leather! Ashley Benson and Hailee Steinfeld coordinate in skirts and heels for sunglasses launch in West Hollywood Not impressed? Hailey Baldwin looks underwhelmed as she leaves swanky Beverly Hills hotel in biker jacket Looked chic in a pair of dark blue jeans Pierce Brosnan and beloved wife Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX following romantic Hawaii getaway  Stalk much? Tyga likes a comment left by fan on obscure celebrity Instagram account which THROWS SHADE at his ex Kylie Jenner Stirring the pot She's at it again! Edgy Kelly Osbourne debuts shimmery Mohawk braid hairstyle at Daytime Divas premiere Controversial figure when it comes to style The grand finale! Suited Justin Theroux attends special final episode screening of his hit series The Leftovers in New York City Joined by his co-stars Bringing back the fanny pack! Kendall Jenner finishes off a shoulder-less romper with a Louis Vuitton fanny pack as she heads from LA to NYC And on the 10th day, there was rest for Lord Disick: Bleary-eyed Scott enjoys solo night out... after raucous week in Cannes surrounded by women Sun's out, guns out! Wonder Woman star Chris Pine flaunts his buff biceps in Miami Vice tank top as he grabs an iced coffee in NYC Kesha shows her country side in a denim shirt and red bandana as she jets out of LAX with boyfriend Brad Couple of more than three years Taking a chance on her! Amanda Seyfried set to reprise role in Mamma Mia! sequel due out in 2018 Almost a decade since original film hit theaters So in love! Zoe Saldana looks chic as she cuddles up to husband Marco Perego at benefit for the Navy SEAL Foundation Adorable couple Jet-set Evan Rachel Wood looks trendy in a khaki green jacket holding her three-year-old son as she debuts quirky turquoise hair at LAX airport Leggy look! Keri Russell dons sexy black leather mini skirt as she joins Matthew Rhys at Americans LA event Keri went bare-legged in high-heeled pumps Bad Mrs Claus! Uma Thurman takes a cigarette break on set of her new movie The War With Grandpa while dressed in a Santa-inspired costume That's a far cry from Elm Street! Freddy Krueger icon Robert Englund, 69, hobbles along with a cane after 'clumsily' breaking his foot  Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign New campaign features a host of other stars, including Taylor Hill, 21 Olivia Newton-John 'set to join daughter Chloe Lattanzi in new Sharknado movie' despite Grease star's devastating breast cancer diagnosis Heath Ledger's family attend scholarship dinner in West Hollywood honoring the late actor  It's nine years since The Dark Knight star died  Maggie Gyllenhaal stuns in flattering floral gown at shop opening in New York She is getting set to play a sex worker in a seedy new drama 'Love has no barriers': Celine Dion leads celebrities including Britney Spears and Selena Gomez in penning Pride letters 30 Days Of Pride 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split Kim's brother speaks out 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat She was grilling him Keeping it casual: Ariel Winter, 19, dons baggy gray sweatpants and dark t-shirt for stroll with boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, in Los Angeles  Tat's the spirit! Malin Ackerman reveals her hip back tattoo while lunching in flirty halter top Between her toned shoulder blades NSFW: Girls Next Door star Kendra Wilkinson lets a Las Vegas dancer climb on her during male revue show... even though she's married with kids Hold my hand mommy! Kourtney Kardashian steps out with Penelope for a day of shopping in Beverly Hills  The mother-of-three was spotted at the valet stand Mellow yellow! Anne Hathaway looks slim in a vibrant top while out in New York City Looked summery in a pair of ankle-length white jeans Making sweet music together: Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton head to a recording studio together in LA Looks like they are working on new music Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Blissful stroll with her daughter Peek-a-boo! Vanessa Hudgens appears shy as she dons demure athletic attire on outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Fitness fanatic 'It's a joint celebration': Proud dad Ronnie Wood marks his 70th birthday in style as he poses with his two biggest fans Rolling Stones star just turned 70  Today's headlines Most Read Putin tells NBC's Megyn Kelly that hacking of Democratic Party during last year's election may have been... Tragedy as high school graduate, 18, 'accidentally shoots and kills his girlfriend while showing off a gun... Children kept as 'wives' of alleged pedophile prophet had Lyme disease, rotten teeth and didn't even know... 'He's a very attractive, good-looking man': Hillary Clinton says Barack Obama broke the race barrier due to... Brother, 29, of child killer dubbed 'The Butcher of Brooklyn' is found dead and tied up in a closet at the... Eye-watering moment Marlins reporter's lightning reflexes and well-placed clipboard saves him from being hit... Homeless man 'stole wedding ring from the finger of dead Portland train hero' who was stabbed as he defended... 'I don't want to hear it!': Cute toddler sasses her father when he tries to get her to go to sleep Moment police raid aspiring rapper's home is streamed on Facebook Live as he films himself waving around... 'Society thinks all rape is just when a man pounces from the bushes': Woman, 21, reveals how her Tinder date... Just say no: Barbara and Jenna Bush will speak for the first time about their college arrests for underage... Former Penn State President and two other administrators are jailed for failing to report Jerry Sandusky... Gretchen Carlson reveals she was shunned by her closest friends and coworkers after she accused former Fox... 'I could hear things going on, but my eyes were shut': Teen speaks out about the night she was 'raped by a... Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of... Woman is caught driving in a pool lane reserved for vehicles transporting at least two passengers with a... Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his... Carmine 'The Bull' Agnello, former son-in-law of Gambino crime boss John Gotti, avoids jail with plea deal... Turkish-born NBA star Enes Kanter says his father has been arrested back home just one week after the... 'I got to meet my queen today!' Ariana Grande embraces survivors of her bombed gig as she brings presents to... Ring of steel set to protect 50,000 fans: Huge security operation in place as Ariana Grande pays tribute to... Church member admits in court she was one of 30 people who 'slapped, beat, and choked a gay man to "expel... Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic... Special counsel Mueller is consolidating Russia probe to include inquiry into former Trump campaign chair... Trump administration approves new rules requiring US visa applicants to hand over social media accounts as... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... Kellyanne Conway's lawyer husband George Conway withdraws from consideration for Justice Deparment post as... 'There's a bunch of old white guys trying to silence me!' Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump... Sean Spicer STILL doesn't know if Trump maintains global warming is a 'hoax' and the EPA boss won't say... MORE HEADLINES 'There's a bunch of old white guys trying to silence me!' Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video President Steve Bannon? Morning Joe says right-wing Trump whisperer is the real power behind the Oval Office – and is LEAKING to reporters about Jared Kushner's alleged Russia ties Scorned husband stomps on cheating wife and her lover as he found them naked in bed  Emails show Hillary Clinton didn't want to share a plane with Michelle Obama to Betty Ford's funeral in 2011 EXCLUSIVE: Mounting bills and scrapes with the law - How Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau struggled before he filed for separation from his ex-teacher turned wife The moment executive in charge of Apple Music 'yelled at Rihanna to sit down at the NBA Finals' Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke hits back at 'divisive and patronising' campaign to stop the band playing in Israel, calling it a 'waste of energy' 'I got to meet my queen today!' Ariana Grande embraces survivors of her bombed gig as she brings presents to Manchester Children's Hospital in a heart-warming surprise visit  'I could hear things going on, but my eyes were shut': Teen speaks out about the night she was 'raped by a high school football star while unconscious' after he took a secret plea deal in a case that divided her Alabama town  Rude boy! Warriors star Kevin Durant appears to stare down Rihanna as he hits a crucial three pointer during game one of NBA finals ‘Don’t worry, be happy’: Putin refuses to condemn Trump over Paris climate change accord as a German newspaper prints ‘Earth to Trump: F*** you!’ and Europe and China vow to uphold the 'hard-won' agreement Led away by 'Good Samaritan... who gang-raped her in a back street': Harrowing CCTV footage shows moment man takes woman, 34, through Covent Garden before horrific attack 'I don't see it as such a big deal to have sex with married men': The glamorous woman who jets off to exotic locations across the world for travel dates but insists she's NOT a gold digger EXCLUSIVE: 'This n**** on TV trying to scoop up my wife!' Carmelo Anthony is 'fuming' over Chris Rock's bold pass at basketball star's estranged wife La La Anthony - but she says she was 'flattered'  Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself as grieving wife says he had a 'moment of terrible judgment' 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO mystery that has baffled experts and conspiracy theorists for 70 years  German rock festival is evacuated after 'concrete' terror threat against the 90,000-strong audience PICTURED IN HER MUGSHOT: The 16-year-old who 'hacked her Uber driver to death with a knife and machete she stole from Walmart' 'Don't tell us how to dress - tell men not to rape!' Israeli women shed their clothes for 'Slut Walk' protest through the streets of conservative Jerusalem How Saddam Hussein spent his final days - eating muffins, gardening and listening to Mary J Blige Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference EXCLUSIVE: Accused hacker Kim Dotcom says he will testify that murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich passed documents to Wikileaks under the internet moniker 'Panda' - IF the Justice Department cuts him a deal ‘One man cannot destroy progress’: Arnold Schwarzenegger leads celebrities in Trump climate change protest as JK Rowling says he’s living on another planet  Parents leave one-year-old BABY girl beside a bin for an HOUR while they ride Thorpe Park rollercoaster  'My career just ended': Recording reveals what pilot of Mike Pence's plane uttered moments after the Boeing 737 overran the runway at LaGuardia Airport Ariana Grande arrives at Stansted ahead of Sunday's benefit concert for victims of the Manchester terror attack - which sold out in less than 20 minutes, as eBay crack down on web touts Cow born with a human-like head is worshipped by Indian villagers who claim it resembles a GOD  Cinder-Kelly: Megyn goes monotone in white jeans, bell-sleeved blouse, and a black sweater to moderate Putin forum in Russia just hours after she dined in a designer dress at St Petersburg palace Surf legend and neoprene wetsuit inventor Jack O'Neill dies aged 94 MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Local News Sports Living Classifieds 62° Full Menu 62° Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:34 Sprouts Farmers Market grocery opens into Raleigh Pause 1:11 The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 0:16 Cook Like No One’s Watching – 2017 IKEA Catalog 0:58 IKEA is coming to Cary 1:24 McNeill Pointe development planned for Wake Forest Road area 2:54 Credit Suisse to add 1,200 workers in the Triangle after repeal of HB2 3:16 Take a ride inside Google's self-driving car 1:03 Celebrating Independent Bookstore Day in NC 1:43 RTP startup founded by military vet automates gun cleaning 0:50 Lenovo promotes technology and art in Wake schools Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Video: The newest addition to the grocery store landscape in Raleigh is Sprouts Farmers Market. The Arizona based chain features fresh organic produce at low prices in an open market atmosphere at their location on Falls of Neuse Road. Robert Willett rwillett@newsobserver.com Video: The newest addition to the grocery store landscape in Raleigh is Sprouts Farmers Market. The Arizona based chain features fresh organic produce at low prices in an open market atmosphere at their location on Falls of Neuse Road. Robert Willett rwillett@newsobserver.com Business June 02, 2017 11:42 AM Wegmans, Sprouts, Lidl: New Triangle grocery stores could mean war. By David Ranii dranii@newsobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Get ready to reap the benefits of a whole new level of competition among the Triangle’s grocery stores. The competitive fires are being stoked by an invasion of new supermarket brands – Publix, Wegmans, Sprouts Farmers Market and Lidl – that already have begun vying, or soon will be vying, to become your new go-to store. Economics 101 dictates that’s good for consumers. [READ MORE: Wegmans coming to Raleigh] “You’re going to get better prices,” said supermarket industry analyst Phil Lempert, who’s also editor of the SuperMarketGuru.com website. “You’re going to getter better stores. You’re going to get better assortment. You’re going to get better service. All of those.” But there’s a downside as well. Your favorite neighborhood supermarket may not survive the upheaval. “There will be some casualties,” said David Livingston, a Wisconsin-based supermarket analyst who helps grocers identify and evaluate new store locations. Livingston predicts that the region’s entrenched grocers will also feel the impact of new competition on its existing workforce. “What is further damaging to these chains is companies like Wegmans and Publix, they’re going to attract the best employees (from) the competition because they’re really good employers,” he said. The influx of new supermarket chains comes at a time when some of the region’s top grocery chains already are seeing their market shares eroding as a result of new competition, according to Chain Store Guide. Three of the top four grocers in the Raleigh market – Walmart Supercenter, Food Lion and Kroger – lost market share from 2014 to 2016 while Sam’s Club, Costco and Publix posted gains with the benefit of new stores. No. 3 Harris Teeter maintained its market share during that span after adding two stores in the Raleigh market, which Chain Store Guide defines as Wake, Johnston and Franklin counties. In the Durham-Chapel Hill region that includes four counties – Chatham, Durham, Orange and Person – market leader Walmart Supercenter lost market share over the past two years but the next three in line – Food Lion, Kroger and Harris Teeter – gained. [READ MORE: Harris Teeter opening gas stations in Triangle] Preparing for the onslaught Some of the Triangle’s entrenched supermarket brands have been taking steps to up their game as the competition heats up. A few years ago Lowes Foods shuttered its poorly performing stores in the area and remodeled others for a more upscale look. Last year Fresh Market launched a new look as well, and this year Aldi announced it would spend $1.6 billion to upgrade 1,300 U.S. stores, including some in the Triangle. Meanwhile, Harris Teeter has added fuel centers selling gasoline at select locations. And Harris Teeter and Food Lion, in a nod to the competition emerging on another flank from the likes of Amazon and meal delivery companies such as Blue Apron, recently added home delivery services, including for beer and wine. The invasion of new grocery brands began in 2014 when Florida-based Publix, the nation’s largest employee-owned grocery chain, opened a store in Cary. Since then it has opened three other stores – in Apex, Wake Forest and a second Cary site. It also plans to open a third Cary store later this year, followed by store openings in Raleigh and Durham in 2018. [READ MORE: Harris Teeter to deliver groceries in Triangle] More to come Publix spokeswoman Kim Reynolds said the chain is still looking for other sites in the region. “I expect more announcements will come down the road,” she said. Arizona-based Sprouts, which touts its selection of affordable natural and organic foods, entered the market in mid-March when it opened a store along Falls of Neuse Road in North Raleigh. The 270-store chain, which is expanding in North Carolina and Florida this year after entering Georgia, Alabama and Tennessee in 2015, has no definite plans for a second Triangle store but “growth in the southeast continues to be a priority for Sprouts,” spokeswoman Erin Miller wrote in an email. Next up is Germany-based Lidl, one of the biggest supermarket chains in the world with more than 10,000 stores worldwide. Lidl intends to open a store in Wake Forest this summer, on the heels of five North Carolina stores scheduled to open June 15 – in Sanford, Rocky Mount, Greenville, Kinston and Winston-Salem. It’s all part of Lidl’s aggressive plan to open 100 U.S. stores in its first year of operation here, and there have been rumblings that other Triangle stores may be on the way. Underlining its commitment to the wider region, Lidl has opened a nearly 1 million-square-foot distribution center and regional headquarters in Alamance County. Then there’s Wegmans, which hails from Rochester, N.Y., and has inspired a cult-like following. It has unveiled definite plans for four stores – one in Raleigh, two in Cary, one in Chapel Hill – but hasn’t yet announced construction time lines or opening dates. [READ MORE: Cary development with Wegmans moves forward] “We’re also considering other sites in the Raleigh/Durham market,” noted Wegmans spokeswoman Valerie Fox, who added that the company is “very choosy about our sites.” Some Triangle consumers are eager to try out new brands. Justin Johnson, 28, an antiques dealer who lives in Wake Forest, said he showed up for the grand opening of the new Sprouts store in North Raleigh at the recommendation of his girlfriend. “I heard they had good prices and a good organic section,” said Johnson, who agreed with that assessment and has been coming back to the store once or twice a week ever since. “We eat mostly organic.” Four-year-old Peyton Gilreath of Raleigh munches on a green bean as she rides in the shopping cart with her mother at the new Sprouts Farmers Market grocery store on Falls of Neuse Road in Raleigh. Robert Willett rwillett@newsobserver.com Elizabeth Culver, 47, a retired social worker who moved to Raleigh from New Jersey two years ago, also has become a fan of Sprouts. “I like the fruits and vegetables,” Culver said. “I think they are the freshest (of) all the supermarkets.” That said, she also knows Wegmans and can’t wait for it to come to town. “My daughter took me to Wegmans in New Jersey and I fell in love with it,” she said. “I’ll probably become a Wegmans shopper.” Geography plays a crucial role in the new brands’ arrival, as Wegmans has been expanding to the south while Publix has been making its way north. Sprouts and Lidl likewise are expanding across the region. “A lot of the retailers are looking at ways to expand their geography,” said Roger Beahm, executive director of the Center for Retail Innovation at Wake Forest University’s School of Business. He noted that most grocery store chains are regional. At the same time, however, the Raleigh market is highly desirable. Last year retail sales here rose here at the second-highest pace in the nation at 6.3 percent, more than double the national average of 2.5 percent, according to commercial real estate firm Marcus & Millichap. The firm projects that retail sales in Raleigh will rise even faster, 6.5 percent, in 2017. Smaller stores Two of the new brands entering the market, Sprouts and Lidl, offer smaller stores than traditional supermarkets – as do chains such as Aldi, Fresh Market and Trader Joe’s. Even Walmart has gotten into the act with its small-format Walmart Neighborhood Markets. “Consumers are looking for a whole different kind of shopping experience,” said Lempert. The Lidl prototype store in Fredericksburg, Va. The German company will open five stores in North Carolina on June 15 – in Sanford, Rocky Mount, Greenville, Kinston and Winston-Salem. A Lidl store in Wake Forest will open a little later this summer. Lidl Courtesy Smaller stores mean fewer products on the shelves. But, said Lempert, many consumers who are pressed for time have discovered that they don’t need the 40,000 products offered by traditional-sized stores. Instead, they’d rather breeze in and out of a store that may not sell a wide array of different types of olive oil but has selected a few that are highly appealing. Many of these smaller stores also rely heavily on their own brands. For example, at Lidl stores, about 90 percent of the products will be the store’s “premium private label,” said spokesman Will Harwood. Quality store brands can be a major selling point with consumers. “You can buy the national brands at any of the retail grocery stores, but you can only get the private brand ... at that particular store, Beahm said. Publix and Wegmans are in many ways more traditional supermarkets, but both are seen as well-run, formidable competitors with top-notch customer service. Wegmans also has distinguished itself with its “grocerants,” which are restaurants within the store that offer dining on-site as well as take-out meals. “I wish every market (had) a Wegmans and a Publix across the country,” Lempert said. “It would be a much better place.” Existing supermarket brands that want to thrive despite the competition will need to invest in sprucing up their old stores as well as building new ones. “The ones that can’t afford to invest in new brick and mortar will close older, less profitable stores and just keep open the ones that are maintaining profit margins,” Beahm said. That, he noted, is a no-win proposition over the long-term. David Ranii: 919-829-4877, @dranii Grocery store market share Here’s a rundown of the 2016 market share numbers for the top grocery stores/food retailers in the Raleigh market, which for this survey is defined as Wake, Johnston and Franklin counties. Store brand No. of Raleigh stores 2016 market share Walmart Supercenter 18 20.1 % Food Lion 62 18.6% Harris Teeter 30 16.4% Kroger 8 7.0% Sam’s Club 4 5.3% Costco 2 5.2% Lowes Foods 15 4.7% BJ’s Wholesale 4 4.3% Target 12 3.4% Whole Foods 3 2.5% Publix 3 2.2% Trader Joe’s 2 1.3% Walmart Neighborhood Market 3 1.2% Dollar General 39 1.2% Aldi 7 1.0% Dollar Tree 62 1.0% Fresh Market 3 0.7% Carlie C’s 4 0.6% SOURCE: Chain Store Guide Star Wallace purchases fresh bell peppers at the new Sprouts Farmers Market grocery store on Falls of Neuse Road in Raleigh, N.C. Robert Willett rwillett@newsobserver.com Four-year-old Hadley McCann of Rolesville places bananas in her grocery cart during a shopping excursion with her mother Melissa McCann at the new Sprouts Farmers Market grocery store on Falls of Neuse Road in Raleigh. Robert Willett rwillett@newsobserver.com Publix started the influx of new grocery brands to the Triangle market when it opened its first area store in Cary in 2014. It offered tour groups a sneak peek of its offerings ahead of its opening. In this file photo from October 2014, Ming Tan dishes out fresh sushi to Jessica Patrick at the store intersection of Davis Drive and High House Road. Chuck Liddy cliddy@newsobserver.com 1 of 3 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:34 Sprouts Farmers Market grocery opens into Raleigh Pause 1:11 The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 0:16 Cook Like No One’s Watching – 2017 IKEA Catalog 0:58 IKEA is coming to Cary 1:24 McNeill Pointe development planned for Wake Forest Road area 2:54 Credit Suisse to add 1,200 workers in the Triangle after repeal of HB2 3:16 Take a ride inside Google's self-driving car 1:03 Celebrating Independent Bookstore Day in NC 1:43 RTP startup founded by military vet automates gun cleaning 0:50 Lenovo promotes technology and art in Wake schools Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Sprouts Farmers Market grocery opens into Raleigh 1:34 a day ago Sprouts Farmers Market grocery opens into Raleigh 1:11 14 days ago The moment Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg got his acceptance letter to Harvard 0:16 16 days ago Cook Like No One’s Watching – 2017 IKEA Catalog View More Video Business Sandoval cites legal, market woes in veto of insulin bill Philippine police seek casino attacker's identity 92-year-old woman sells oddities from her carnival business Oxford High junior launches company for his drones EXCHANGE: Silver Model T once carried coeds across America Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Walmart leverages ‘employees’ for last-mile delivery initiative June 2, 2017 | By Deena M. Amato-McCoy Walmart has a new delivery team dropping off customers' online orders — but they don’t work for a major shipping company or third-party delivery venture.   The retail giant is testing a new delivery concept that leverages its own store employees to drop off online orders right at customers’ front doors. The new program is designed to solve the challenges associated with the last-mile of delivery, which include “cutting shipping costs and getting packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently,” said Walmart’s U.S. digital chief Marc Lore.    The opt-in program, which is app-based, enables employees to set preferences, including how many packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those parcels, and which days they’re able to make deliveries after their work shift ends. The app also tries to minimize the collective distance associates need to travel off of their commute when making a delivery.   “Associates are fully in control of their experience. If they don’t want to participate, they don’t have to,” he said. “They can choose to opt in, and they can update those preferences at any time.”   The program is a strategic way to combat Amazon’s signature same-day delivery services. Between a network of 4,700 Walmart stores across the U.S. and more than 1 million associates, “our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population,” Lore said.    “Now imagine all the routes our associates drive to and from work, and the houses they pass along the way,” he added. “It’s easy to see why this test could be a game-changer.”   The test is currently available in two New Jersey stores, and one in northwest Arkansas. Many orders are being delivered the next day.   Walmart associates are being paid to participate in the program, however the chain did not reveal their compensation, “Associates love having the option to earn more cash while doing something that’s already part of their daily routine,” Lore reported. “An unexpected benefit is they’re finding quicker routes home, thanks to the GPS built into our proprietary app.”  Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Philly tops list of 10 most affordable retail locations Gymboree names retail veteran as CEO BJ's adds former Belk and Dick's Sporting Goods execs to its leadership team The top five breakout trends in shopping centers are… Five in-store amenities helping to drive traffic and engagement Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Whole Foods Market disappoints Solutions Spotlight The New Era of "Responsive Retail" As the Internet of Things continues to drive the next era of retail, companies need to be ready to embrace these technologies as a means of meeting its digital shoppers’ evolving demands. This webinar from Intel will delve into how its new platform will deliver business value through improved inventory accuracy, advanced human capital and a new level of engagement. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: E-commerce fraud is declining — but the battle continues E-commerce fraud as a percent of sales dollars may be on the decline, however... Shopping must-haves for Generations Y and Z are… New attitudes, behaviors and shopping preferences among Generation Z and... Report: Facebook caters to hungry members There’s a new Facebook service that users are sure to “like:... Trending Stores Original Penguin, Aspen, Colorado Original Penguin has opened a pop-up in Aspen.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Saturday, June 03, 2017, 1:56 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Shoplifter fought with customer who tried to stop him at west Little Rock Wal-Mart, police say By Gavin Lesnick This article was published June 2, 2017 at 10:07 a.m. Comments (4) aAFont Size Search mug shots, government salaries, crime maps and more at our Right2Know page. A shoplifter at a west Little Rock Wal-Mart pushed an employee and then fought with a customer who gave chase before escaping, police said. It happened about 10:20 a.m. Thursday at the Wal-Mart at 700 S. Bowman Road, according to a Little Rock Police Department report. The worker told investigators the man pushed past her after failing to pay for two watches and two speakers and then ran from the store, according to the report. A customer chased after the thief and the two fought in the parking lot before the assailant got away, police said. Authorities searched the area but did not locate the shoplifter. The worker was uninjured. Police were unable to locate the customer who gave chase. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Little Rock Zoo's lion exhibit to close for f... Fake Cheesecake Factory sign sparks buzz in 1... Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' fo... Tillerson: U.S. still will cut emissions desp... Shoplifter fought with customer who tried to ... Arkansas woman killed after vehicle runs off ... Arkansas man accused of assaulting teen daugh... Police: Part of Arkansas man's ear bitten off... Little Rock man strikes pregnant girlfriend w... Comments on: Shoplifter fought with customer who tried to stop him at west Little Rock Wal-Mart, police say To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 4 of 4 total comments HarleyOwner says... June 2, 2017 at 10:56 a.m. The smartest and safest thing would have been to be a good witness and get a license plate number ( permalink | suggest removal ) titleist10 says... June 2, 2017 at 1:39 p.m. Why no discription? ( permalink | suggest removal ) hurricane46 says... June 2, 2017 at 7:26 p.m. They can't have good security, yet can pay BIG money to bring big talent to shareholders meeting. ( permalink | suggest removal ) TravisBickle says... June 2, 2017 at 9:03 p.m. The smartest thing is to let the thief go. After all, it's not your stuff he's stealing. What if he'd had a gun or knife? ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (23 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (21 comments) VIDEO: Trump pulling U.S. from global climate pact, upsetting allies (29 comments) Panel: Comey to testify Thursday (14 comments) U.S. to exit Paris climate pact (17 comments) Officials respond to possible drowning at Little Rock apartment complex; 1 taken to hospital (3 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Walmart Using Store Workers To Deliver Packages 6/2/2017 10:41 AM ET Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) is testing the concept of using its store employees to deliver packages to customers' houses on their commute home, terming it as a "last-mile innovation". The retail giant noted that the move will cut shipping costs and enable packages to be delivered faster and more efficiently, "creating a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business." "Unlike crowd-sourced delivery, where the driver has to travel (often out of the way) to pick up the package, then drive the full distance to deliver it, our associates are starting at the same place as the packages," Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce U.S., said in a blog post. According to Wal-Mart, trucks moving orders from fulfillment centers to stores for pickups and can be used to bring ship-to-home orders to a store close to the final destination, where a participating associate can sign up to deliver the package to the customer's house. The company noted that the move will also give associates a way to earn extra income on their existing drive back home. Wal-Mart said it has developed a proprietary app that will allow employees to sign up for the program, while the participation is optional. Associates who choose to participate in the program can set preferences on choosing the number of packages they can deliver, the size and weight limits of those packages, and the days they are able to make deliveries after work. In addition, Wal-Mart will allocate packages based on minimizing the collective distance associates need to travel off of their commute to make a delivery. Wal-Mart is starting with three test stores - two in New Jersey and one in northwest Arkansas, noting that the response from associates and customers was great. The company noted that many orders are being delivered the next day. "Walmart has strength in numbers with 4,700 stores across the U.S. and more than a million associates. Our stores put us within 10 miles of 90% of the U.S. population," the retailer said. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Hell on Earth: The World's 10 Most Fragile Nations As Global Tensions Mount, The 10 Nations With The Highest Military Spending 10 Nations With The Best Maternity leave Previous Story Next Story More Top Stories Buffalo Wild Wings CEO Has Been Pushed Out Stocks Shrug Off Weak Jobs Data To Close Mostly Higher - U.S. Commentary Harley-Davidson Recalls 46,000 Motorcycles Tillerson Says U.S. Will Continue Efforts To Reduce Emissions Republican Senator Doesn't See Healthcare Deal This Year Gymboree Going Belly Up? Stocks Seeing Further Upside In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary Recall Of Birth Control Pills GOP Leaders, White House Rally Behind Trump On Climate Deal Pull Out Burger King Is Not The King Of Belgium JetBlue Testing Facial Recognition For Boarding Trump Administration Appeals Rulings Blocking Travel Ban To Supreme Court Former 7-Eleven Franchisee Opens 6-Twelve Convenience Store Stocks Move Higher Despite Weaker Than Expected Job Growth - U.S. Commentary Utah DUI Law: Come For Vacation, Leave On Probation? <<Previous        78 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Wal-Mart Stores Annual Shareholders' Meeting At 9:00 AM ET Wal-Mart Stores Annual Shareholders' Meeting At 9:00 AM ET Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Broke Out To A New High On Strong Q1 Earnings Lidl To Rival Aldi And Walmart, Bringing 5,000 Jobs To U.S. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Is Up After Q1 Profit Surpassed Expectations Trade WMT now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Burger King Is Not The King Of Belgium JetBlue Testing Facial Recognition For Boarding Walmart Using Store Workers To Deliver Packages The World's 10 Most Fragile Nations Utah DUI Law: Come For Vacation, Leave On Probation? Linde Stock Up As Boards Agree Merger With Praxair State Sues Big Pharma For Opioid Carnage Meal Ingredient Delivery Start-up Blue Apron Files For IPO Paul Allen Shows Off World's Largest Airplane Wall Street Expert Predicts 25% Of Malls Will Close By 2020 Starbucks Serving Beer And Wine In Vancouver Apple To Launch Siri Speaker Product To Rival Echo FDA Greenlights Novo Nordisk's Rebinyn, TEVA's HALO Shines, LUCY Walks The Talk Gainers & Losers Of May 30: PTGX, ECYT, NTLA, EDIT, CNCE... Company Spotlight: Albireo Pharma Ava's Brand Organic Cashews Recalled Over Listeria Risk ALBO Spikes, GLYC Abuzz, FDA Approves 1st Generic Strattera For ADHD Gainers & Losers Of June 1: XBIT, CBMG, COLL, NEOT, MACK... Gainers & Losers Of May 31: NDRM, CBIO, SUPN, MACK, VSTM... Nintendo Joining Theme Park Boom IT Meltdown To Cost British Airways $150 Million Masters Of War: 10 Nations With The Highest Military Budgets Starbucks Serving Beer And Wine In Vancouver Wall Street Expert Predicts 25% Of Malls Will Close By 2020 Occidental Petroleum Appoints Cedric Burgher As CFO Masters Of War: 10 Nations With The Highest Military Budgets FDA Grants Breakthrough Therapy Designation For Alnylam's Givosiran National Bank of Canada Reports 108% Increase In Q2 Bottom Line NEX Group Appoints Samantha Wren To Succeed Stuart Bridges As CFO Quanex Building Products Corp. Reveals 16% Advance In Q2 Bottom Line Orbotech Gets $24 Mln Order From Chinese Flat Panel Display Maker CHOT Allied Minds Appoints Interim CEO Jill Smith As President And CEO - Quick Facts Aryzta Q3 Revenues Rise; Warns On Ongoing Margin Pressure - Quick Facts PPG Issues Statement On Decision By Amsterdam Enterprise Chamber UniCredit Shareholders Approve Statement Of Accounts Concerning Fund China New Borun Corp. Reports 78% Rise In Q1 Bottom Line Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close DMN Staff Wal-Mart CEO thinks no one should pay $99 for free shipping Filed under Retail at 17 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Maria Halkias Connect with Maria Halkias On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Updated at 2 p.m. with comments from annual meeting and Q&A Fayetteville, Ark. -- A big message from Wal-Mart to its shareholders this year is about leveraging stores and technology to boost its e-commerce business. CEO Doug McMillon told shareholders on Friday that the company has "started to invent the future of shopping again." Wal-Mart was a technology leader years ago particularly in its supply chain, and that helped to give it a price advantage. It's trying to rebuild a technology advantage while lowering costs and prices, he said.  "We're putting capabilities in place now and we want to have a lower price structure than anyone else." Much of that has to do with growing its e-commerce business. Wal-Mart is giving customers a discount for picking up online orders in the store. It's expanding online grocery ordering and curbside pickup to 1,100 stores this year. Dallas-Fort Worth is its largest market for its online grocery business. Asked about online prices often being lower than in the store, McMillon said prices can change faster online than in stores, but the company is starting to tackle that issue one category at a time. It lowered free two-day shipping to $25 earlier this year. McMillon took a jab at Amazon Prime's $99 a year membership fee. Last year, Wal-Mart briefly tried a $49 membership program but ditched it and gave customers their money back. "People are paying a membership fee for free shipping. It's not free if you have to pay a membership. A lot of customers don't have $100 to give away," McMillon said. (Amazon Prime members have access to original entertainment and other free services.) How much do Dallas-Fort Worth shoppers like buying groceries online? Just ask Wal-Mart Several ideas are in the works including one hard-to-miss piece of giant hardware in bright orange that will soon be landing in more stores, including six in the Dallas area. Digital commerce is moving so fast that it's hard to predict what's going to stick with the shopper five years from now, said Wal-Mart U.S. CEO Greg Foran. "That's why we have to have a few things in the hopper." An undisclosed number of Wal-Mart stores across the U.S. are getting a vending machine that dispenses online purchases and maybe one-ups Amazon.com's lockers. The 16-foot tall tower, which was nicknamed Rapunzel while in development, is a vending machine for online purchases. A customer scans her order bar code sent to her on her smartphone and a door slides open. An arm inside the machine goes to the correct tray holding her package and sends the tray down to the door. It happens in less than a minute. Wal-Mart employees are making online deliveries on their way home Wal-Mart says 90 percent of Americans live within 10 miles of one of their stores and the Pickup Tower -- its official name -- works for small packages. Bigger items are still handled by store staff. Shoppers' orders enter the Pickup Tower the same way they come out. There's only one door to this steel structure. Wal-Mart employees load the tower with bar codes on packages logged by the tower. It's eight feet in diameter and can hold 300 orders. Wal-Mart has been testing the tower in a handful of stores in Rogers, Ark.; Woodhaven, Mich.; outside of Detroit and in Katy west of Houston. The Rogers store was the first one to get it last September. Wal-Mart doesn't have a timetable for the Pickup Tower rollout. The store list may also change. Stores in North Texas that are expected to get the tower are in Waxahachie, The Colony, LBJ Freeway in Dallas, Plano, Marsh Lane in Dallas and Clifford Street in Fort Worth. A Wal-Mart convenience store? Retail giant tests the concept in small town Texas When Wal-Mart lowered the minimum purchase to $25 for two-day free shipping, Amazon matched it. Wal-Mart's $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com also came with a new head of e-commerce. Marc Lore, founder of Jet.com, is now CEO of Wal-Mart's e-commerce division. Other recent e-commerce acquisitions include shoe retailer Shoebuy, women's apparel retailer ModCloth, outdoor gear retailer Moosejaw and home furnishings retailer Hayneedle. The company is gaining expertise and merchandise suppliers that Walmart.com didn't have, said Lore. "We're gaining rich content and relationships with those brands." About 1 million items make up two-thirds of online orders across the industry, Lore said. That number of items is basically what is found among mass market brick-and-mortar retailers within a 10 million radius of most consumers, he said. Across its brands, Lore said, customers have access to 50 million items. McMillon said even in a world of technology and algorithms, he still thinks stores are going to be the dominant way that people shop and merchants will be filling the stores. "Every item in the world won't be visible on the internet," he said. Wal-Mart's UK Asda division has been in the online grocery business for more than 15 years, and still today 90 percent of the business is done in stores, he said. Twitter: @MariaHalkias View Comments Tags Retail Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. 6 articles left Get Unlimited Digital Access Subscribe Now Already a subscriber?Or Login Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Menu Primary Menu Skip to content Local News Events Sports Society Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Contact Us Show Header Sidebar Content Search for: Facebook Twitter Email Chipley Bugle The Little Paper with the Big Toot Home »Local News»Story behind the flags Story behind the flags Posted onMay 30, 2017May 30, 2017Authoreditor8 Comments submitted by Dawn Veit The flag story. Last Memorial Day I became a little upset that Chipley did not display flags. I admired Wausau for their flags and stated that on my Facebook page. I was then challenged to do something about it and I took the challenge. By July 4th I had 100 flags, 75 sponsored in Honor of or in Memory of someone’s loved one. A blue ribbon, with the loved one’s name embroidered on it, was attached to each flag pole. Next was how to display them. One day it just came to me that we could use umbrella bases. After going to every Walmart and every Lowes, my family had 100 bases for the 100 flags. Now it came to what to put in the base to weight them down. For July 4th I used water but between leaks and the hot weather (evaporating) it just did not work as well as we wanted. Sand/dirt came next. The problem was that the bases had to have a flap cut into them so that the dirt could go in and this weakened the base. We used these for Veterans Day but the dirt clomped because moisture seeped into it. This made the flags tilt. After much thought, me and my husband came up with using mortar/cement with bases that are wider on the bottom and gradually become small to the top, pyramid shape. We labored to fill 62 bases and the results were great, no leakage, no clomping. This Memorial Day I had over 140 flags to display and the flags had to go out early because my husband was going to be out of town and it can not be done without him. Tuesday night I did not sleep, I had just seen on the news that we were going to have wind gust up to 25 miles and I was not sure the bases would hold. At 5am Wednesday we put the flags out and because there was little wind they looked great. As I finished and was heading home one of the flags fell over. I rushed to Walmart and bought 25 gallon jugs of water and added water to each of the bases to help weight them down. No luck. Between the wind gust and the tractor trailers rushing down 90, the bases could not hold the flags up. I don’t think I could have done anything to the bases to make them hold under the circumstances. I ended up meeting Chipley’s Chief of Police, who was nice enough to gather up the down flags and helped me load them into my van. I waited till that evening, when the winds died down, to set them back up. I am thankful to say the winds stayed under 10 MPH and the flags were fine. Yes, everyday a few flags had to be adjusted but not bad out of 142 flags. Now, I would do nothing to show disrespect to our flag and so I need to face two concerns. One concern was that the flags hang close to the ground.. Let me explain. I use 6 foot flag poles with 3ft by 5ft flags. The bases are 6 inches high and we use PVC pipe to fastened the pole into the base, which adds about an inch in height. Longer poles will make the flag too top heavy, which would make it easier to tip over. The flag does not touch the ground unless the pole becomes very tilted in the base. This can easily be fixed, just straighten it back up. Second concern is that the flags that get blown over and lay on the ground should be destroyed. I panicked on this one, Mother Nature has a mind of her own and the flags will tip over. I looked up flag etiquette and thankfully the flag can continue to be displayed and can even be washed. My family has put over 100 hours of love and labor into the flags and we are still learning. We will strengthen the bases once again before July 4 and will hopefully find an alternative by Veterans Day. We love Chipley, this country and the American flag and we humbly apologize to those that think we have been disrespectful in any way. The Veit Family Like this: Like Loading... CategoriesLocal News 8 thoughts on “Story behind the flags” Katherine Riley says: May 30, 2017 at 11:23 am I visited my home town of Chipley and as always, I drive through town. I get very emotional when I see all the flags displayed and am so thankful for all your time and effort! Thank you very much. Reply Dawn Veit says: May 30, 2017 at 1:32 pm Thank you Katherine. Your kind words are very much appreciated. Reply editor says: May 30, 2017 at 3:24 pm Dawn, Could you please provide some contact info for those wanting to sponsor a flag? Reply Dawn Veit says: May 30, 2017 at 5:14 pm To sponsor a flag just call or message me at 850-774-3564. You can sponsor a flag in Honor or in Memory of a love one, a family or a business. The cost is $75. I have 30 flags that need sponsors. Thank you! Reply Donna says: May 30, 2017 at 2:51 pm Thank you over and over again for the extreme effort in showing that Chipley, Florida is proud to be apart of the United States of America. Long has the respect been deteriorating across the country and we need to be careful to not lose the wonderful gift that so many lost their lives defending. Thank you and never apologize for your patriotic pride and love. Reply Dawn Veit says: May 30, 2017 at 5:22 pm Thank you Donna! If we all can work together we can once again bring back the respect for our beautiful flag and our wonderful country that has been, as you have said, deteriorating. Reply Karen Weeks says: June 1, 2017 at 1:50 pm Thanks to the Veit family for your love of country. Thank you for all the hard work that was put into the wonderful display! Reply Dawn Veit says: June 1, 2017 at 6:18 pm Thank you Karen ❤️ Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Follow us on TwitterMy Tweets May 2017 S M T W T F S « Apr   Jun »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Footer Menu Skip to content About the Bugle Advertising Churches Pictures from the Past Schools Copyright © 2000-2017 Chipley Bugle. All Rights Reserved. Scroll Up Local News Events Sports Society Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Contact Us %d bloggers like this:
Home News Business Crime Watch 8 Entertainment I-Team 8 Indiana News Local News National Photos Politics Strange Traffic Web Link 8 World Weather Alerts All Maps & Links Closings & Delays Forecast Future Cast Get Weather Text Alerts Interactive Radar LWS Stream Radar Severe Weather Severe Weather Preparedness Weather Blog Sports College Basketball College Football Colts Cubs and White Sox broadcast schedule Fever High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 Indy Eleven MLB NASCAR NBA NFL NHL Pacers Indy Style Contests Segments Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Community Calendar CW 8 Gas Prices I Love To Read Indiana’s Hidden History Lottery Obituaries WISH Patrol WISH-TV Puppy Cam More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Internships at WISH Work for Us Watch Live 65° F Clear Hi: 83° F Lo: 62° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Business Crime Watch 8 Entertainment I-Team 8 Indiana News Local News National Photos Politics Strange Traffic Web Link 8 World Featured: Indianapolis 500 Latest Headlines Noblesville bed race rolls through downtown, raises cash for kids June 2, 2017 Sometimes it’s hard to get out of bed — especially when that bed is on wheels. Mayors to abide by climate accord despite U.S. withdrawal June 2, 2017 Carmel’s Jim Brainard: “I’m not sure it matters because so much of what needs to be done is already being done at the local level.” Food Truck Friday’s Bike Night draws crowd June 2, 2017 Bartender attacked during robbery; suspects on surveillance video June 2, 2017 Pedestrian struck on southwest side in grave condition 12:30 am Weather Weather Alerts All Maps & Links Closings & Delays Forecast Future Cast Get Weather Text Alerts Interactive Radar LWS Stream Radar Severe Weather Severe Weather Preparedness Weather Blog Current Conditions 65° F Clear Feels Like: 65° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 63% Dewpoint: 52° F Sunrise: 6:17 AM Sunset: 9:07 PM Indianapolis Weather 8-Day Forecast Indy Radar Temp Feels Like Sat-Rad Almanac Wind Speed Sponsored by: Sports College Basketball College Football Colts Cubs and White Sox broadcast schedule Fever High School High School Scoreboard Indianapolis 500 Indy Eleven MLB NASCAR NBA NFL NHL Pacers Indy Style Contests Segments Report It Report It Galleries Submit to Report It Community Community Calendar CW 8 Gas Prices I Love To Read Indiana’s Hidden History Lottery Obituaries WISH Patrol WISH-TV Puppy Cam More About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Get Text Alerts Internships at WISH Work for Us Watch Live Search for: Search the site 65° F Clear Hi: 83° F Lo: 62° F Walmart testing new delivery program Staff Reports Published: June 2, 2017, 9:41 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo: WKRN) INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – Walmart stores is testing a a new program that the retailer hopes will help it solve “last mile” issues tied to getting e-commerce purchases to customers. They plan to have store workers deliver packages. The retail giant says it can cut shipping costs and get purchases to customers faster. For more on this story and other stories currently making headlines in the business world, click on the video. Never miss another Facebook post from WISH-TV Share this: Facebook Google Email Print More Pinterest Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Kroger to end senior discount Target testing next-day restocking program for household essentials Local food producers scramble to save money amid Marsh closures Google wants to connect their ads to what consumers buy in brick and mortar stores Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending Now Marion County News Mayor Hogsett takes part in ‘Canoe to Work Day’ June 2, 2017 Organizers says it’s something that has been happening for six years. Gov. Holcomb plans economic development trip to Europe June 2, 2017 Indiana Gov. Eric Holcomb plans an economic development trip to Europe this month, including visits to Hungary and France. Walmart testing new delivery program June 2, 2017 They plan to have store workers deliver packages. Business Headlines Seeing ‘Wonder Woman’ Saturday could benefit local organizations June 2, 2017 During Empower Saturday at the IMAX Theater, $1 from each ticket sale to Wonder Woman showings will got to benefit several Indianapolis orga… Unflappable Ananya Vinay wins National Spelling Bee June 2, 2017 The 12-year-old from Fresno, California, showed little emotion and didn’t take much time as she plowed through word after word. Kathy Griffin and lawyer to discuss Trump photo fallout June 2, 2017 The 56-year-old comic has faced controversies before for her abrasive humor, but none as widespread as the one generated by Tuesday’s images… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WISH-TV © 2000-2017 LIN Television of Texas, LP, a Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Station About Us Contact Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contests Advertise With Us Reception Trouble? Sections News Indianapolis Weather Forecast Traffic Sports Report It I-Team 8 Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File FCC Public File Help EEO Report Child Programming Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/wcfpxke103o1mn/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Night activity in Sydney Harbor Live look at the beach surf in Cape May, NJ Loch Arbor beach cam in New Jersey Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Live look at the beach surf in Cape May, NJ Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Blue Shutters Beachside Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Walmart asks employees to voluntarily deliver packages on their way home from work More The company is testing a delivery service that asks employees to deliver online orders at the end of their shifts. 0:51 | 06/02/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Walmart asks employees to voluntarily deliver packages on their way home from work Today's tech bytes wal mart's new delivery app test matches online order delivery addresses what Wal-Mart employees driving route. Employees who volunteer and then deliver packages on their way home. The program is being tested at three Wal-Mart locations the dating app bumble. Isn't just a virtual meeting space anymore its founder has opened a brick and mortar location in New York City. The top of spot is being called the Hyatt is designed to be space for dates or just hang out spot trends it's a great idea and it turns out dolphins are almost as tech savvy as humans who. May be better. Dolphins and the national career and Baltimore now on the giant underwater touch screen chock full of apps they can play games like whack mall using their noses to tap images of fish floating across the screen. Just imagine if their liquor bumble version of that influence went down just up for them as human. This that stuff and again did you do right. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Walmart to Shut Down 269 Stores Globally Including 154 in the US Walmart says the closing stores represent less than 1 percent of its global square footage and revenue. Now Playing: Walmart to Shut Down 269 Stores Globally Including 154 in the US Now Playing: Walmart Backlash Over Store Closings Now Playing: Walmart asks employees to voluntarily deliver packages on their way home from work Now Playing: Apple is rumored to soon announce the release of its Siri-powered smart speaker Now Playing: NASA to send unmanned probe to investigate the sun Now Playing: Astronaut demonstrates eating pudding in space Now Playing: Ex-Playboy model apologizes after body shaming 70-year-old Now Playing: Milestone for Amazon as stock price tops $1,000 Now Playing: Samsung Galaxy Note 8 rumored to have massive 6.3-inch display Now Playing: Keeping your family safe from potential fire extinguisher dangers Now Playing: Apple to introduce artificial intelligence to the iPhone Now Playing: Apps that help find refunds after a purchase Now Playing: Introducing T-Mobile 'Digits' Now Playing: Raising funds on Facebook Now Playing: How obsessive gamers can quit playing Now Playing: Microsoft releasing new version of the Surface Pro Now Playing: People turn to Twitter to find loved ones in wake of Manchester attack Now Playing: Facebook launches a new food ordering app Now Playing: New device touted as preventing shark attacks Now Playing: Dad, teen adjust to life after weeks without video games: Part 6 Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":47786794,"title":"Walmart asks employees to voluntarily deliver packages on their way home from work","duration":"0:51","description":"The company is testing a delivery service that asks employees to deliver online orders at the end of their shifts.","url":"/Technology/video/walmart-asks-employees-voluntarily-deliver-packages-home-work-47786794","section":"Technology","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 2 June 2017 | MYT 7:03 PM Wal-Mart tests delivery of online packages by store workers The delivery programme is voluntary for store workers and allows them to sign up for a maximum of 10 deliveries a day. The retailer did not share details on compensation of workers who sign up. — Reuters FAYETTEVILLE, Arkansas: Wal-Mart Stores Inc is testing a programme that allows store workers to deliver packages ordered on the store's website after they finish their shifts, as the retailer looks for ways to close the gap with rival Amazon.com Inc.  Marc Lore, head of Wal-Mart's e-commerce operations, said in a blog post on Thursday the step will cut shipping costs, speed the delivery of packages and allow workers to earn additional compensation.  Wal-Mart's stores are within 10 miles (16 km) of 90% of the US population, Lore said. "Imagine all the routes our associates drive to and fro from work and the houses they pass along the way. It's easy to see why this test could be a game changer," he said.  Since he joined in August, Lore has helped spearhead some aggressive moves intended to boost the retailer's online business. Wal-Mart completed its US$3bil (RM12.84bil) acquisition of Lore's former company, internet retailer Jet.com, in September.  Lore has overseen Wal-Mart's acquisitions of three online retailers and made other e-commerce changes. Wal-Mart now offers free two-day shipping on online orders above US$35 (RM150), without any membership fees, to compete with Amazon's popular Prime shipping programme.  Wal-Mart said on Thursday its trucks deliver packages to a retail location for store pickup and the same trucks can bring additional orders a worker can sign up to deliver.  The delivery programme is voluntary for store workers and allows them to sign up for a maximum of 10 deliveries a day. The retailer did not share details on compensation of workers who sign up.  The test is limited to three stores in New Jersey and Arkansas. Wal-Mart will hold its annual shareholder meeting on Friday in Arkansas. — Reuters Related Stories You May Be Interested Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe Ethiopia cuts off Internet after high school exam leaks Blame game for cyberattacks grows murkier as spying, crime tools mix Fretting over savings, Mrs Watanabe turns to bitcoin How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read Giroud treble boosts France ahead of Sweden qualifier Afghan authorities lock down Kabul after protest clashes A bigger Putrajaya Ramadan Festival advertisement Latest News Why parents’ tech obsession may mean kids misbehave If a game key bargain looks too good to be true, it probably is Cost vs convenience: is it worth having your own printer? In the podcast jungle, here's how to track down your prey India’s mobile Internet use increases ninefold Most Viewed in Tech Cost vs convenience: is it worth having your own printer? If a game key bargain looks too good to be true, it probably is Why parents’ tech obsession may mean kids misbehave In the podcast jungle, here's how to track down your prey India’s mobile Internet use increases ninefold British Airways IT outage caused by contractor who switched off power Sophisticated automatic replies are coming to Gmail Get popular Android games heavily discounted or free To play Android games on your PC, this is the best emulator Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Walmart's Big New Problem Isn't Amazon By Andrea Felsted Photo by Ulrich Baumgarten via Getty Images Consumer Andrea Felsted Andrea Felsted is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering the consumer and retail industries. She previously worked at the Financial Times. Follow @AndreaFelsted Facebook Twitter Email Print Share June 2, 2017 5:00 AM EDT WAL-MART STORES INC -0.19 At Closing, June 2nd 79.62 USD AMAZON.COM INC +10.78 At Closing, June 2nd 1006.73 USD So far, it's mostly been about Amazon. But Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has a new foe. And it's one it has lost out to before in Europe. It mustn't repeat the same mistakes in its homeland. The world's biggest retailer has been investing heavily in e-commerce in an effort to catch up with Amazon.com Inc. And as my colleague Shelly Banjo has argued, that's paying off. Walmart's online sales are surging. But there's a new competitive front coming: Lidl, the German privately owned no-frills supermarket, will open its first U.S. stores in two weeks time. What's more, this is inspiring Aldi, the rival German discounter that has been there for the last 40 years, to modernize the majority of its existing American outlets, and open hundreds of new ones. Crucially, Aldi doesn't like to be beaten on price, so don't expect it to take Lidl's arrival lying down. Day Of The Discounter Aldi has an established U.S. store base, but Lidl is set to gain a foothold Source: Kantar Retail Walmart, which holds its annual shareholder meeting today, is being assaulted on two fronts. It must simultaneously keep defending itself against Amazon, while beating back the European attack. It's not as if it hasn't been here before. Asda, its U.K. arm, has been hurt by these discounters, partly because it didn’t go far enough in reducing its prices. It was known for its cheap groceries. When it lost that crown, it had little else to fall back on. Cheap Thrills Aldi and Lidl's no frills approach has transformed them into European grocery powerhouses Source: Planet Retail, Bloomberg Excludes Trader Joe's and Hofer from Aldi, and Kaufland from Lidl Up to now, Walmart seems to have learned from Asda's failings. It has been aggressively lowering prices. It needed to. Scott Mushkin, analyst at Wolfe Research, found that as of late last year, a basket of own-brand food and groceries was 24 percent cheaper at Aldi than Walmart. He expects Lidl's offer to be similarly pitched. The push has helped Walmart's U.S. same-store sales. But it needs to keep its finger on the price-cutting button. Asda was quick to spot the perils of the discounters, and slash accordingly. It also pledged to invest 1 billion pounds ($1.3 billion) on the tactic. But its efforts fizzled out, making it the worst-performing British supermarket over the past two years. Walmart says it will invest several billion dollars in price over the next three years.  Underperforming Asda has generated the weakest sales growth of the big four British supermarkets over the past two years Source: Kantar Worldpanel Rolling 12 week sales It's also an argument for Walmart to keep its e-commerce focus. Not only is Amazon not standing still -- just look at the grocery pickup kiosks that it has opened in Seattle -- but it might actually be a way to keep the discounters at bay. Their online activities are limited -- for example, Aldi U.K. sells its special-offer non-food items, as well as wine, and not much else. A full grocery offering doesn't sit easily with the discounters' keep-it-simple mantra. So this could be an opportunity for Walmart to defend its territory. Ironically, the fight isn't just about price. While those at the discounters might compare with entry-level groceries at traditional supermarkets, quality is often on par with their mid-tier ranges. And in the U.K., Aldi and Lidl have won over more-affluent customers with their premium products, from lobster to macaroons. For mainstream food retailers, that's a signal to look at re-engineering their own-label goods to compete on price and quality. This is already underway at Walmart, and seems to be another lesson it's learnt from Asda's troubles. Another form of defense is doing other things the discounters don't. In Walmart's case, that could mean making the most of offerings to shop online but pick up in-store, financial services and pharmacies. Come on Down Price cuts have helped Wamart lift U.S. same store sales Source: Bloomberg Intelligence But this also means continued investment. At least Walmart has plenty of firepower -- for all its challenges, it still has a big balance sheet and is hugely cash generative. But the online expansion and price cuts have kept margins flat. With arch rivals Aldi and Lidl about to start battling for supremacy in the U.S. grocery market, it's hard to see pressure on margins lifting any time soon. Walmart needs to keep to the lessons from its British arm, and make sure it doesn't become the collateral damage. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Andrea Felsted in London at afelsted@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Jennifer Ryan at jryan13@bloomberg.net Cheap Money Cheap Money Benchmark bond yields have dropped globally on the heels of central-bank stimulus Source: Bloomberg Making It Rain Central Bank Cash Flood Swells Bond Danger Markets Lisa Abramowicz Tech Is Back Tech Is Back Everyone wants to be a technology company Source: Bloomberg Driving Value Call Uber Anything But Transportation Markets Nir Kaissar Oil Support Jobs Added in March and April 10,000 Blindsided I Got It Wrong on Oil Jobs and That's a Good Thing Energy Liam Denning Orbital Debts Orbital Debts Intelsat looks like a debt mountain with a satellite business on the side Source: Bloomberg Space Junk SoftBank Billionaire Gets Zapped in Space Finance Chris Hughes What Valuation and Religion Have in Common Belief Futures Market Trump And Exxon Confront Realities Energy Liam Denning Gunboat Diplomacy Fly Charts: The U.S. Navy Created the Oil Market and Can End It Max Nisen Deep Hole Deep Hole U.S. coal mining jobs have disappeared and probably aren't coming back Source: US Bureau of Statistics Dark Emissions Donald Trump's a Climate Bonehead. But So What? Energy Chris Bryant Low and Lower Low and Lower Investors can't get too excited about junk bonds that are yielding so little relative to history Source: Bloomberg Ebbing Tide The Incredible Shrinking Junk-Bond Market Markets Lisa Abramowicz A Bit Much? A Bit Much? Clinical trial success and M&A speculation have driven Tesaro shares sky high Source; Bloomberg Price Dreams Tesaro Is a Victim of Its Own Valuation Health Max Nisen Pinnacle Market Value $8 billion Peak Price Conagra Shouldn't Reach for Pinnacle Deals Brooke Sutherland Deja Vu Tech Bubble Talk Is a Dot-Com Flashback Tech Shira Ovide There Yet? Dish Investors Are on Ergen's Road to Who Knows Where Deals Tara Lachapelle Stake sold $2.9 billion Africa Sale Barclays Helped by the Curse of Low Volatility Finance Lionel Laurent Announced Value of Dow Chemical-DuPont Merger $143 billion Altared States Activists Misfire on Their Shotgun Wedding Finance Stephen Gandel Go For It Go For It Investors in PPG liked the idea of it buying Akzo Source: Bloomberg Dutch Dust-Up PPG Should Have Tried for a Knock-Out Deals Chris Hughes Estimated U.S. Cost of Policing Persian Gulf, 1976-2007 $6.8 Trillion Black Gold Navy Oil's New World Disorder Energy Liam Denning Pair Trade Fly Charts: Picking Yield Over Morality, and Vice Versa Max Nisen Exxon Mobil shareholders voting yes for more climate disclosure 62% High Pressure System Funds Fire Up Real Climate Change Energy David Fickling Gilts Forge Their Own Destiny Gilts Forge Their Own Destiny U.K. yields are not just following Germany but have significantly outperformed this year Source: Bloomberg Jez We Can Jeremy Corbyn and the Bizarre World of the Bond Trader Markets Marcus Ashworth Painful Painful Evergrande, one of the most-shorted stocks in Hong Kong, has outperformed the benchmark Hang Seng Index this year Source: Bloomberg Constructive Feedback Evergrande Shorts Face Specter of State Real Estate Nisha Gopalan Ebb and Flow Ebb and Flow Bank of America's Brian Moynihan said on Wednesday that second-quarter trading revenue will fall 10 percent to 12 percent from a year earlier Source: Bloomberg Trade Deficit Why So Surprised, Bank Investors? Gillian Tan Rise and Fall Rise and Fall Gilead's market cap has fallen precipitously since 2015, when hepatitis C drug growth seemed unlimited Source: Bloomberg Waffle House Gilead Keeps Muddying the M&A Waters Health Max Nisen Total Revenue for U.S. TV Service $116.3 Billion Jumbalaya Welcome to the Messy Future of TV and Communications Tech Shira Ovide Chips Ahoy Chips Ahoy NXP shares have been lifted since the deal's announcement amid a strong earnings and margin performance, while Qualcomm has been dragged down by legal battles Source: Bloomberg Backseat Drivers Qualcomm's Car-Chip Target Should Let Shareholders Steer Deals Brooke Sutherland
Bergenfield Dumont New Milford Jeanne Muchnick Features Editor Chris Ryan Community Advisor Shurok Esam Hussein Community Advisor Bob Weiss Community Advisor Cecilia Levine Managing Editor, New Jersey Kathie Lacey Community Advisor Jerry DeMarco Breaking News Editor Patricia August Community Advisor Subscribe Contact Us Get News In Your Inbox Daily Subscribe Bergenfield Daily Voice serves Bergenfield, Dumont & New Milford See nearby towns Search Menu Saturday, jun 3 54° Search Nearby Search Get News In Your Inbox Daily Subscribe Home News Schools Sports Neighbors Obituaries More Lifestyle Business Politics Weather Events Jobs Real Estate DV Pilot Police & Fire Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2017 Daily Voice Bergenfield Daily Voice serves Bergenfield, Dumont & New Milford Nearby Towns Northern Valley serves Harrington Park, Haworth, Northvale, Norwood, Old Tappan & Rockleigh Cresskill-Closter serves Closter, Cresskill & Demarest Paramus serves Oradell, Paramus & River Edge Englewood serves Alpine, Englewood, Englewood Cliffs & Tenafly neighbors 22 hours ago Walmart Battle Wages On For Alpine's Tracy Morgan Cecilia Levine Facebook @cecrl Email me Read More Stories Share Tweet Pin It Email Print 0 Comments Tracy Morgan of Alpine. Photo Credit: Wikipedia More Articles neighbors Lyndhurst Mom Competes On Food Network's 'Bakers Vs. Fakers' Happy Birthday! Fort Lee Native Turns 103 New Milford Native Who Escaped Justice System: Anything Is Po... comment 0 Read / Add Comments ALPINE, N.J. — Walmart's insurance company has ordered Alpine's Tracy Morgan to testify under oath about a $90 million settlement on the car crash that almost killed him in 2014, the New York Post reports. The comedian, 48, suffered a brain injury because of the New Jersey Turnpike crash, the article says. After reaching his settlement with Walmart in May 2015, Morgan reportedly purchased a $13.9 million mansion in Alpine and was seen rolling in a Lamborghini, the NY Post says. CLICK HERE FOR THE FULL STORY. Share this story Share Tweet Pin It Email comment 0 Read / Add Comment Follow Cecilia Levine on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Get News In Your Inbox Daily Subscribe Most Popular Police: New Milford Dad Leaves Boy, 3, Home Alone, Goes To NYC New Milford Native Who Escaped Justice System: Anything Is Po... New Milford Grocery Sold Winning Lottery Ticket Welcome to Bergenfield Daily Voice! Serves Bergenfield, Dumont & New Milford This is a one time message inviting you to keep in touch Get important news about your town as it happens. Get News In Your Inbox Daily Subscribe
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 7:00 pm JMA trade show sends important signal to world – PM 8:00 pm Gov't promises intensified campaign against human trafficking 7:45 pm Afghanistan win toss, opt to bat first against Windies 6:45 pm Gov't reviewing drain and gully systems 6:00 pm NIA welcomes financial declaration by Paulwell 5:45 pm Serious sewage problem Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet Dear Editor,If you were to visit downtown, Kingston, you would be disgusted by the current condition of the place. Daily, raw sewage floods the busy roadways and assails motorists and pedestrians with a foul odour. This is unbearable! I think the media has done a poor job at highlighting this problem in the area and so I am urgently appealing for help. The sewage poses a serious hazard, environmental and otherwise, especially if it makes direct contact with the skin. The authorities must seek to rectify this problem immediately. This is a very serious matter.   Lambert James Grade 10 St George's College Winchester Park North Street Kingston ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Some realities of sex work All these govt programmes and task forces... The mistake in our national anthem Serious sewage problem Politicians can't manage FFP, so they say grapes sour We shouldn't neglect our children, our future There should be more gratitude to Food For the Poor Sad matchbox stalls Karl Samuda vs Richard Azan — the great political tit for tat All in the sport, Rankin Pumpkin We want Internet! BOJ should stop chasing coins! How dare you? Rankin Pumpkin needed more to win Sunshine Girls need better coaches Wrong turn, Minister Chuck, time for law to catch up Great article on Airbnb in Jamaica 'Curvy Diva' a hugely talented dancehall act Why the big fight against Rankin Pumpkin? ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 7:00 pm JMA trade show sends important signal to world – PM 8:00 pm Gov't promises intensified campaign against human trafficking 7:45 pm Afghanistan win toss, opt to bat first against Windies 6:45 pm Gov't reviewing drain and gully systems 6:00 pm NIA welcomes financial declaration by Paulwell 5:45 pm Today's Horoscope - June 2 Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet HAPPY BIRTHDAY for Friday, June 2, 2017: This year stress seems to build. You need to have a way of reducing tension, whether it's by taking a yoga class or going on a brief walk. By having an outlet, you'll feel much better. Your health also is likely to benefit. If you are single, you could meet someone at any point this year, though it is possible you have already met this person. A relationship is key to your well-being. If you are attached, you and your sweetie often might be struggling with a disagreement. Learn to honour and respect each other's differences. LIBRA can be a lot of fun to hang out with.  ARIES (March 21-April 19): You could be taking on too much for even you to handle. You probably will want to swap ideas and share news with others in the morning. Take notes if a brainstorming session evolves. Fatigue could sabotage plans later in the day. Opt for a power nap. Tonight: As you like it. TAURUS (April 20-May 20): You might feel as if you finally can share new information. A partner might not be as enthusiastic as you are with what comes up. Continue as you have been. Curb any wild spending, for your own sake if nothing else. Tonight: Take off, and make it OK to call it early. GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Basics count when dealing with a roommate or family member. Tension could build if you feel as if you don't have the time to deal with two different facets of your life. You might be unusually energised, but if you don't get your way, you are likely to get angry. Tonight: Be wild. CANCER (June 21-July 22): Make calls, return calls and don't hesitate to share your thoughts. Someone you work with or see in a day-to-day setting could be unusually negative right now. No matter what you do, you can't seem to turn this situation around; just give it time. Tonight: Accept an invitation. LEO (July 23-Aug 22): You might be involved in a financial assessment. Your mind keeps going over your budget and a potential expenditure. A loved one might encourage you to spend money on him or her. Friends are likely to push you to make plans. Tonight: Greet the weekend with a smile. VIRGO (Aug 23-Sept 22): You'll dive into the day with energy, but you might be overwhelmed with the number of calls and e-mails you need to answer. A family member could be withdrawn or quiet. Don't worry; this person will speak soon enough about what ails him or her. Tonight: TGIF! LIBRA (Sept 23-Oct 22): Even if you feel less energetic than usual in the daytime, you still can accomplish a lot with ease. Someone touches base with you during the day regarding plans for the weekend. Do not make a judgement on how you feel at the moment. Return calls promptly. Tonight: Nap first. SCORPIO (Oct 23-Nov 21): Your day could be interrupted by people, plans and what you know needs to happen. Understand that your finances probably will be a bit tight. You might want to make an adjustment as far as expenditures go. Tonight: Reach out to a loved one at a distance. SAGITTARIUS (Nov 22-Dec 21): You could feel as if someone is not getting your message and is deliberately raining on your parade. Do not let a personal situation get the best of you. Try to look past the moment. Even as soon as this evening, you are likely to feel better. Tonight: Bypass a difficult person for now. CAPRICORN (Dec 22-Jan 19): Your ability to look at the big picture helps you bypass a problem. You don't see the issue as relevant, so rather than make a fuss, you are likely to let it go. A call or invitation from a friend encourages you to try a new kind of experience. Tonight: Others are drawn to you. AQUARIUS (Jan 20-Feb 18): Defer to a partner who feels as if he or she knows more than you. Whether this is true, you might decide to avoid this debate altogether. Look at your long-term goals, and you'll find the right path for you. Understand what could be a limiting situation. Tonight: Say “yes” to an offer. PISCES (Feb 19-March 20): You have the opportunity to be more dominant than usual. Clearly someone else desires to be in the limelight; let him or her. By going along with this person's desires, you'll be making your weekend a lot less stressful. Tonight: Accept an invitation to be with a favourite person.     (c) 2017 by King Features Syndicate Inc. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus JMA trade show sends important signal to world – PM Gov't promises intensified campaign against human trafficking Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills Afghanistan win toss, opt to bat first against Windies Gov't reviewing drain and gully systems NIA welcomes financial declaration by Paulwell Forex: J$130.02 to one US dollar 'Liar, Liar': Election song reaches number 4 on UK charts Paulwell to observe UK election PNP supports CARICOM observer mission in Venezuela crisis Individuals can now access information at AGC website US man sentenced for lottery scamming based in Jamaica C'bean hoteliers urge support for Paris accord ONLINE READERS COMMENT: Don't ticket robot taxi passengers Education Ministry reviewing reports on teachers trimming of Vauxhall student US asks visa applicants for social media handles Haiti prepares for 2017 Hurricane season Cops search shop after man flees, find two guns Vauxhall teachers arrested after shaving student's head Belize PM says he will not dismiss minister over US visa cancellation ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 7:00 pm JMA trade show sends important signal to world – PM 8:00 pm Gov't promises intensified campaign against human trafficking 7:45 pm Afghanistan win toss, opt to bat first against Windies 6:45 pm Gov't reviewing drain and gully systems 6:00 pm NIA welcomes financial declaration by Paulwell 5:45 pm Some realities of sex work Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet Dear Editor,Imagine putting in a hard day's work to support your family of three only to be robbed of your hard-earned money by the very same people who swore to serve and protect you. Imagine coming to an agreement to provide services to a client in return for remuneration, satisfactorily delivering your end of the agreement only for the client to turn around and demand their money back. In full. At knife point. If it sounds like a nightmare it's because it is. But while you may enjoy the luxury of waking up to the warmth and comfort of your bed, the protective embrace of your father, soothing coos from your mother, or a calming back rub from your spouse, Peaches does not. What she does have are three dependents to support and the very dangerous job that she uses to support them. Peaches is a sex worker. For many people the thought of ever identifying with a sex worker is far-fetched. To us, sex workers are different from us. But it is people like us who buy the services that Peaches sells, and who mistreat and abuse sex workers. For Peaches, whose typical workday starts at 6:30 pm and ends at 2:00 am, a lot of her clientele are high-profile individuals in society; “those types of people like doctor[s], lawyers, police [officers] and soldiers,” she says. Not only are average citizens the ones patronising sex workers, but they're also the ones who are putting their lives at risk. Speaking on the many dangers she encounters in her nocturnal job she says, “Sometime you go inna the room wid the man dem and yuh see dem draw out some long knife, yuh blood run cold, you wonder if a you him come fa... Yuh just haffi just do the ting 'cause you don't want him tek off you [head].” For Peaches, the only one she can count on to protect her is herself. “A whole heap a time man save my life. A whole heap a time mi haffi carry man go box up man fi mi and pay him; and mi know mi neva pick da work ya, mi never chose da work here, but just because certain things mi haffi jus do it because nobody no deh deh fi me.” “Sometime I go on the road and police want to take money from [me], and when yuh decide not to they also want to lock up the client and run yuh off the road and stuff like that. Police and soldier buy sex more than anybody else, and yet still dem tek set pon sex worker the most, because dem want extortion money.” There's no Cinderella story for Peaches, no prince charming to sweep her off her feet and take her from harm's way. As a sex worker, she's disproportionately vulnerable to contracting sexually transmitted diseases compared with the national rate of 1.8 per cent. She's also among the 38 per cent of sex workers who have been victims of violence on the streets where they work, according to the Caribbean Vulnerable Communities Coalition (CVC). Peaches confirms that Jamaica AIDS Support for Life (JASL) provides a clinic to sex workers in an effort to mitigate some of the risks, she says, “Most of the time if I feel I want a test or anything I call and make an appointment and go to JASL.” “Sex work is not a bad thing, you have people go inna it, dem no go inna it because dem bad and dem nuh go inna it because dem just wah have sex. Dem go inna it fi pay bills and fi have certain things. Like me, I am an example to it. A certain things mek me go do the work.” However, JASL's efforts alone are not enough. The CVC and other advocates for the decriminalisation of sex work believe that designating areas for sex work, creating laws that protect sex workers, and providing them with avenues to report police brutality and exploitation from the hands of clients and club owners could help lessen the very real risks to life that they endure every day.   Contributed by Jamaica AIDS Support for Life ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Some realities of sex work All these govt programmes and task forces... The mistake in our national anthem Serious sewage problem Politicians can't manage FFP, so they say grapes sour We shouldn't neglect our children, our future There should be more gratitude to Food For the Poor Sad matchbox stalls Karl Samuda vs Richard Azan — the great political tit for tat All in the sport, Rankin Pumpkin We want Internet! BOJ should stop chasing coins! How dare you? Rankin Pumpkin needed more to win Sunshine Girls need better coaches Wrong turn, Minister Chuck, time for law to catch up Great article on Airbnb in Jamaica 'Curvy Diva' a hugely talented dancehall act Why the big fight against Rankin Pumpkin? ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 7:00 pm JMA trade show sends important signal to world – PM 8:00 pm Gov't promises intensified campaign against human trafficking 7:45 pm Afghanistan win toss, opt to bat first against Windies 6:45 pm Gov't reviewing drain and gully systems 6:00 pm NIA welcomes financial declaration by Paulwell 5:45 pm Whoa! Bar-bee's back Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet Dancehall singjay Bar-bee is currently in the island promoting her single Whoa.The single that premiered on BET earlier this year samples Sister Nancy's hit Bam Bam. “ Whoa is fun, sexy, and has a party vibe. It is the creation of platinum production duo Rock City. Visually, the song is inspired by the ever-famous 'black light scene from the 1998 cult classic motion picture Belly, of which I recreated in my own steamy way,” an excited Bar-bee told Splash. Bar-bee said the video is still getting constant rotations, an accomplishment that she is extremely proud of. “As an independent female artiste, this is definitely a plus for me. I put in a lot of work and I'm marketing this single the best way I know how and now it is paying off,” she said. The singer, who has remain low-keyed on the local scene for a little while, said in addition to promoting Whoa, she will also be busy in the studios recording several singles. “I am really focused and it's just work for me. Although I wasn't in Jamaica, I was touring sections of Japan and Europe. However, I have always kept Jamaica close to my heart and keep up to date with the latest happenings,” she said. Bar-bee, given name Faith Eselebor, was born in New York to Jamaican mother and a Nigerian father. At age 16 Bar-bee was as a member of a girl group called Best Kept Secret. The group opened for acts including rappers Jadakiss and Cameron. The group later broke up. This did not damper her musical dreams as, in 2007, she released her first single Miss You, a collaboration with Junior Kelly. She is also known for her songs Love You Anyway; Come See About Me, a collaboration with female rapper Trina; herself and Beenie Man on Paddy Cake; and G ive It Up. — Simone Morgan-Lindo ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Munga Honorable murder case postponed to next Tuesday Zekedon drops drops mixtape, web series PHOTO: Supa Dups Mups Magic With Shakira Supa Dups goes Latin way Kabaka drops Can't Breathe today Tatik presses ahead Palm Beach fest a hit Do Go See – June 2 My Jamaican 55! Whoa! Bar-bee's back Us Boss spreading the Word IRD goes Dub Collie Buddz high on the Good Life Chronixx to hit the road again June 10 send-off for Frankie Paul My Jamaican 55! Munga in legal limbo Patra for 'Powerful'concert Style Week closes on a high Papa Biggy walking with God ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 7:00 pm JMA trade show sends important signal to world – PM 8:00 pm Gov't promises intensified campaign against human trafficking 7:45 pm Afghanistan win toss, opt to bat first against Windies 6:45 pm Gov't reviewing drain and gully systems 6:00 pm NIA welcomes financial declaration by Paulwell 5:45 pm Palm Beach fest a hit Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet Full-A-Vybez Inc, organisers of the The 14th Annual Palm Beach Jerk and Culture Festival, said the event had lived up to its expectations.“Even though the sun and temperature seemed to have been at a record high, patrons still didn't mind and came out in full support of the event,” said the company's publicist Keisha Freeman. According to Freeman, there was a little bit of everything for everyone, as the party pavilion started off early and had the patrons rocking non-stop for hours, while the kids were kept busy at the Kiddies Corner where they had bounce houses and other activities. Playtime was not only for the kids; there was a game area where patrons challenged each other to friendly board games. “The sweet aroma of food filled the park; vendors had jerk everything, even jerk ice-cream. Patrons also got a chance to experience and purchase Caribbean arts and craft,” she said. On the main stage, the show started on time, everything ran smoothly, and the transition between acts was seamless. Wayne Wonder started off his set with retro dancehall, thrilling the audience with non-stop hits. He had the crowd singing and rocking during his entire performance. Half Pint then came and “levelled the vibes” with hits such as Greetings and Political Fiction. Agent Sasco dominated the stage with another stellar, high-energy performance. The members of the audience were more than willing to be his back-up singers. Tarrus Riley thrilled the crowd and even took it a step further along with Dean Fraser and other band members by performing a tribute to the late Frankie Paul in his set. Love of Hip Hop reality TV star Safaree was invited briefly onstage by Riley. He then closed the show and left the audience wanting more. “We have had another successful incident-free event. Right now we are focusing on Orlando Jerk Fest in October. We however promise that we'll do everything to ensure both Orlando and Palm Beach Festivals continue being family-orientated events,” Freeman added. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Munga Honorable murder case postponed to next Tuesday Zekedon drops drops mixtape, web series PHOTO: Supa Dups Mups Magic With Shakira Supa Dups goes Latin way Kabaka drops Can't Breathe today Tatik presses ahead Palm Beach fest a hit Do Go See – June 2 My Jamaican 55! Whoa! Bar-bee's back Us Boss spreading the Word IRD goes Dub Collie Buddz high on the Good Life Chronixx to hit the road again June 10 send-off for Frankie Paul My Jamaican 55! Munga in legal limbo Patra for 'Powerful'concert Style Week closes on a high Papa Biggy walking with God ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Weekly Round-up: Holness blasts MPs…Triple murder in Spanish Town…Stadium in honour of Bolt, Coach Mills 7:00 pm JMA trade show sends important signal to world – PM 8:00 pm Gov't promises intensified campaign against human trafficking 7:45 pm Afghanistan win toss, opt to bat first against Windies 6:45 pm Gov't reviewing drain and gully systems 6:00 pm NIA welcomes financial declaration by Paulwell 5:45 pm Us Boss spreading the Word Friday, June 02, 2017 Tweet Up-and-coming singjay Us Boss said has been gaining much attention since the release of his recently single Nuh Secret Fi Wi.“Since its release, it has been getting heavy rotations as our culture accepts the message. It is about standing up for what we believe in and not going against what is right to achieve or live a particular lifestyle. I refuse to condone any livity or lifestyle that I know is wrong,” he told Splash. Nuh Secret Fi Wi was released in December of last year. “This is my debut song and so far it is going on really good in the streets and is being played on the airwaves. I really hope it will continue to grow and reach an even more global market and top several international charts,” he said. Secret Fi Wi is produced by Team Focus Entertainment/Focus Records. A music video for the single is the works. Us Boss, given name Tory Darling, grew up in Westmoreland and Kingston. “Like most teenager, I loved music growing up, but not only was I passionate about it, I also wanted a career in it. However, I was in no rush as I wanted to hone my skills, so it wasn't until last year that I decided to officially release a song,” he said. His other singles are Pretty Lady and Any Price. – Simone Morgan-Lindo ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Munga Honorable murder case postponed to next Tuesday Zekedon drops drops mixtape, web series PHOTO: Supa Dups Mups Magic With Shakira Supa Dups goes Latin way Kabaka drops Can't Breathe today Tatik presses ahead Palm Beach fest a hit Do Go See – June 2 My Jamaican 55! Whoa! Bar-bee's back Us Boss spreading the Word IRD goes Dub Collie Buddz high on the Good Life Chronixx to hit the road again June 10 send-off for Frankie Paul My Jamaican 55! Munga in legal limbo Patra for 'Powerful'concert Style Week closes on a high Papa Biggy walking with God ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 61° Clear Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low near 55F. Winds light and variable. Updated: June 2, 2017 @ 10:55 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Letter to the editor: Walmart profits while communities suffer BY TONY MARSHALL Jun 1, 2017 Updated Jun 1, 2017 The Walmarts across the country make more than $14 billion a year in profits. Investors pocket $10-plus billion. There are seven Walmart family members on Forbes' list of the country's 400 richest people. Yet, Walmart costs taxpayers $7 billion in government subsidies for its employees — food stamps, health care, rental assistance, etc. — each year. The conservatives of Congress sound off continually, and loudly, about welfare yet they always fail to mention that the major proportion of all welfare is actually supplementing the salaries of employees of large corporations to increase the profits of those corporations at the expense of middle-class taxpayers. Welcome to Tehachapi, Walmart. When we park in your parking lot, we'll forget all about what you're costing us in taxes. In addition, note this: Every year, employers similar to Walmart, plus fast-food outlets, pay wages that are so low, that the rest of the country (primarily what's left of the middle class) has to come up with $153 billion-plus each year to subsidize their employees' salaries. If those employers paid their employees livable salaries, the $153 billion could be used to make every public college tuition free, or we could double the amount we spend on veterans' services, scientific research and our infrastructure. Think about it next time your hear the words free enterprise. There's nothing free about it these days. Tony Marshall, Tehachapi This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Kurt Reid Liebengood, 1976–2017 Gargantuan Stratolaunch rolled out for first time at Mojave Air & Space Port in eastern Kern New warden named at California Correctional Institution PHOTO GALLERY: Swinging into Memorial Day in Tehachapi at the Western Swing Out Pilot Flying J Travel Center coming to Tehachapi PHOTO GALLERY: Ultimate sacrifices remembered on Memorial Day in Tehachapi Go and do: Tehachapi's Memorial Day Parade, ceremony are Monday Security breach leads to release of information used to pay TVHD, Adventist Health Man wounded in officer-involved shooting on Capital Hills Parkway How should Tehachapi's transportation dollars be spent? Community reacts strongly at workshop Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections Home News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Sponsored Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2017 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Make Save Borrow Grow Live More Deals 4 Chains Offering Free Doughnuts on Friday Chris Kissell June 1, 2017 Photo by Kateryna Mostova / Shutterstock.com 4 Chains Offering Free Doughnuts on Friday 0 Start your morning — and your weekend — with a free sweet treat by celebrating National Doughnut Day on Friday. Several national chains are participating in the promotion. They include: Krispy Kreme. Get a free doughnut of your choice. Dunkin’ Donuts. Purchase any beverage, and you’ll get a free classic doughnut. LaMar’s Donuts. Get a free doughnut when you print or show the ticket found at the LaMar’s Donuts website. Cumberland Farms. From 5-10 a.m. ET, get a free doughnut when you purchase a any Chill Zone, HYPERFREEZE, hot or iced coffee, tea, or cappuccino beverage. Also, take advantage of other great restaurant savings by checking out the following stories: “3 Great Restaurant Deals to Kick Off the Summer“ “9 Restaurants Giving Away Free Gift Cards This Spring“ Do you know of more great deals scheduled for this weekend? Share them by commenting below or on our Facebook page. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,352 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit 8 Great Discounts That Begin at Age 62 You're not just getting older, life's getting better. Here are eight great offers that kick in on your 62nd birthday. 10 Hotel Chains That Offer Discounted Rates to Retirees 12 Tips for Avoiding Ridiculous Hotel Fees 10 Golden Rules to Avoid Getting Scammed 22 Budget-Friendly Ways to Entertain Kids in the Summer 6 Fabulous Ways to Save After You Turn 50 You Can’t Be Financially Secure Without These 10 Products Survey Sites to Turn Extra Minutes Into Extra Money Comments 4 Chains Offering Free Doughnuts on Friday Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 354,352 happy subscribers 122,614 12,179 What You Need to Know About Buying or Selling a Timeshare Property 5 Simple Ways to Save Money on Every Online Purchase How to Refinance Your Car Loan for Long-Haul Savings 7 Painless Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Years Earlier The ABCs of Selecting a Medicare Supplement Plan How to Get Amazon Prime and HBO Free 6 Ways to Get Your Official FICO Score Free 2,086 Active Deals Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping fee, or bag free shipping on orders of $35 or more. (Larger items may incur additional shipping fees.) A couple of best bets: Pyle 9" Quad-View Video Monitor for $55.54 (low by $22) Singer Esteem II 23-Stitch Sewing Machine for $82.46 (low by $8) Walmart Warehouse Clear-Out Walmart discounts a selection of apparel, furniture, toys, appliances, and more as part of its Warehouse Clear-Out. Choose in-store pickup ... Read more. Updated: 16 hr 25 min ago Lowe's takes up to 40% off select appliances, grills, lighting, tools, home improvement items, and more during its Memorial Day Sale. Plus, MyLowe's members receive free shipping. (Not a member? It's free to sign up. Items over 150 lbs. incur additional surcharges.) Deal ends June 5. Lowe's Memorial Day Sale: Up to 40% off + free shipping Lowe's takes up to 40% off select appliances, grills, lighting, tools, home improvement items, and more during its Memorial Day ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 15 hr ago Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Disney Personalized Family Decal for free + free shipping Disney offers a personalized family decal for free with free shipping. You'll also receive a digital version to download. Read more. Updated: 1 week 6 days ago At participating Jersey Mike's restaurants, buy one sub and get a second sub of equal or lesser value for free via this printable coupon. Some exclusions may apply. Click here to find a location near you. Coupon expires June 15. Jersey Mike's Subs Buy 1, get 2nd free At participating Jersey Mike's restaurants, buy one sub and get a second sub of equal or lesser value for free ... Read more. Updated: 23 hr 3 min ago That Daily Deal offers access to its June Extreme Stupid Good Deals for free. That's a $5 savings and tied with last month's mention as the best deal we could find. Through June 30, you'll receive access to exclusive rapid-fire deals, an automatic 20% discount on standard That Daily Deal and 13 Deals purchases, and free shipping on all orders. (Everything you order during this time will be shipped together during the first week of July.) Deal ends June 5. Note: Although this is a free offer, you will need to enter credit card information to get this deal. That Daily Deal June Stupid Good Deals access for free That Daily Deal offers access to its June Extreme Stupid Good Deals for free. That's a $5 savings and tied ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 11 hr ago Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items qualify for free shipping. That's tied with our January mention and is the best sale we've seen from Burberry this season. Men's jackets start at $295, women's jackets at $395, women's boots at $140 $175, and men's shoes at $195. Burberry Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Burberry cuts up to 50% off a selection of men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Plus, all items ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 3 days ago Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, all orders bag free shipping. Versace Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Versace takes up to 50% off a selection of men's and women's sales styles during its Spring/Summer 2017 Sale. Plus, ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 11 hr ago Udemy offers the Photoshop Beginners Mastery: Zero to Hero in Photoshop Course for $10. Coupon code "LEARN_PHOTOSHOP" makes it free. That's $20 off list, tied with our February mention, and the lowest price we could find. It includes 40 lectures. Photoshop Beginners Mastery Course for free Udemy offers the Photoshop Beginners Mastery: Zero to Hero in Photoshop Course for $10. Coupon code "LEARN_PHOTOSHOP" makes it free. ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 1 day ago Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample to arrive in six to eight weeks. Nivea Men Creme Sample for free Nivea offers a sample of Nivea Men Creme for free when you fill out a short form. Expect your sample ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 11 hr ago RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by a buck. It measures 4" x 3". Note: The countdown timer on the product page does not reflect an actual expiration time and resets daily. Also, this product ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. DIY TriFidget Spinner for $1 + free s&h from China RCMoment offers the DIY TriFidget Spinner in several colors (Blue pictured) for $1.32 with free shipping. That's the lowest price ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 12 hr ago T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to use their phone number on any compatible Internet-connected smartwatch, tablet, or computer. Customers can get another Digits line for an additional $10 per month via AutoPay. Up to five numbers per device and up to five devices per number are supported. A qualifying plan is required. T-Mobile announces T-Mobile Digits launch T-Mobile announces that its T-Mobile Digits service will launch on May 31 and will be free. It allows users to ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 1 day ago Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Choose from a variety of dress shoes and loafers. Deal ends June 18. Allen Edmonds Father's Day Sale: Up to $150 off shoes + free shipping Allen Edmonds cuts up to $150 off select men's sale shoes as part its Father's Day Sale. (Prices are as ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 5 hr ago MiniInTheBox offers the Xiaomi Noise-Cancelling In-Ear Headphones in several colors (Silver pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's $6 off and the lowest price we could find. They feature an in-line microphone. Note: Uncheck "Add Shipping Insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 49-cent fee. Xiaomi Noise-Cancelling In-Ear Headphones for $4 + free shipping MiniInTheBox offers the Xiaomi Noise-Cancelling In-Ear Headphones in several colors (Silver pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's $6 off ... Read more. Updated: 16 hr 4 min ago Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.21 with free shipping. That's tied with our March mention and the lowest price we could find today by $2. It features six LEDs, 640x480 resolution, and 30 fps recording. Note: It ships from Malaysia so allow up to six weeks for delivery. Update: Shipping is now 15 cents. 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4 + 15-cent s&h Fulllove360 via eBay offers this 6.5-Foot LED USB Endoscope Video Camera for $4.21 with free shipping. That's tied with our ... Read more. Updated: 13 hr 44 min ago Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for a DVD pre-order of this feature-length movie. Further, this movie has not yet been released in theaters in North America, making it for a very unusual freebie. (It will be released in limited markets on June 30 and DVDs won't be released until July 4.) The movie features the voices of Drake Bell (Superhero Movie, "Drake and Josh"), YouTube star Justine "iJustine" Ezarik, and Jane Lynch (Glee). Deal ends June 28. Note: It's unclear if the download is in SD or HD. A Stork's Journey Digital Movie for free Google Play offers downloads of A Stork's Journey for free. That's $12 under the lowest price we could find for ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 11 hr ago It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Sign up for our free newsletter to receive our daily deals roundups by email! Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This drops the starting price of men's wallets to $52.50 $47.50, women's scarves to $97.50 $67.50, women's shoes to $82.50, and men's shoes to $97.50. Coach Summer Sale: Up to 50% off + free shipping Coach cuts up to 50% off men's and women's sale styles during its Summer Sale. (Prices are as marked.) This ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 15 hr ago Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an additional 85-cent surcharge.) That's the lowest price we could find by $5. They're available in sizes 8 to 13. Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes from $13 + free shipping Costco offers its members the Kirkland Signature Men's Athletic Shoes in White for $12.99 with free shipping. (Non-members incur an ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 2 hr ago Nordstrom continues to cut up to 40% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and home items as part of its Half-Yearly Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Some exclusions may apply. Sale ends June 4. Nordstrom Half-Yearly Sale: Up to 40% off + free shipping Nordstrom continues to cut up to 40% off a selection of apparel, shoes, accessories, and home items as part of ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 19 hr ago Sears takes up to 50% off select tools. Plus, select items qualify for up to 50% back in SYWR Points. Even better, select items earn an extra $10 in SYWR Points with orders of $50 or more. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge shipping charges, which start at around $4, or bag free shipping with many orders of $49 or more. (Larger items may incur additional fees or have a higher free shipping threshold.) Deal ends June 3. Tools at Sears: Up to 50% off + cash back + free shipping w/ $49 Sears takes up to 50% off select tools. Plus, select items qualify for up to 50% back in SYWR Points. ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 10 hr ago DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare at" price, and prices are as marked.) Choose in-store pickup to avoid the $7.95 shipping fee, or get free shipping on orders of $35 or more. Some exclusions may apply. Nike Shoes at DSW: 25% off + free shipping w/ $35 DSW cuts 25% off a selection of Nike men's, women's, and kids' shoes. (The discount is taken from the "Compare ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 9 hr ago Dr Hot Deal via eBay offers this Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $4.99 with free shipping. Outside of other eBay sellers, that's tied with our March mention and the lowest total price we could find by $2. Each mat measures 15.5" x 13" and is designed for use on low to medium heat. Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $5 + free shipping Dr Hot Deal via eBay offers this Nonstick Grilling Mat 2-Pack for $4.99 with free shipping. Outside of other eBay ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 1 day ago Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at around $9. Discounted items include monitors, speakers, and audio components. Warranty information is provided on select product pages. Refurb & Open-Box Monoprice Electronics: Up to 50% off Monoprice takes up to 50% off a selection of refurbished and open-box items. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts at ... Read more. Updated: May 11, 2017 MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus / 6s Plus in several colors (Black/Red pictured) for $2.49 with free shipping. (Choose "Postal Service - No Tracking" during checkout. A 50-cent small order processing fee automatically applies.) That's the lowest price we could find by $3. The spinner is removable. Click here to see it in action. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add shipping insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 99-cent fee. Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 and iPhone 6 for $2 + free s&h from China MiniInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Case for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus and iPhone 6 / 6s / 6 Plus ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 2 days ago LightInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker with LEDs in several colors (Green pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's a buck under the best price we could find for a similar one elsewhere. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add Shipping Insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 49-cent fee. Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker w/ LEDs for $4 + free s&h from China LightInTheBox offers this Fidget Spinner Bluetooth Speaker with LEDs in several colors (Green pictured) for $3.99 with free shipping. That's ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 3 days ago Walmart offers the Hanes Men's Jersey Shorts with Pockets in Light Steel for $3.35. Choose in-store pickup to drop that to $3.10. (Amazon charges the same price with free shipping via Subscribe & Save.) That's tied with our mention from a month ago and the lowest price we could find now by $2. They come in size M only from S to XL. Hanes Men's Jersey Shorts with Pockets for $3 + pickup at Walmart Walmart offers the Hanes Men's Jersey Shorts with Pockets in Light Steel for $3.35. Choose in-store pickup to drop that ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr 31 min ago Dick's Sporting Goods takes up to $220 off a selection of boats and accessories. Shipping starts at $60 for most boats; otherwise, it starts at $5.99, but orders of $25 or more bag free shipping. A couple of best bets, each with $90 for shipping: Pelican Stinger 100X 10-Foot Kayak for $199.98 ($150 off) Emotion Wasatch 13-Foot Canoe for $299.98 (pictured, $100 off) Boats at Dick's Sporting Goods: Up to $220 off Dick's Sporting Goods takes up to $220 off a selection of boats and accessories. Shipping starts at $60 for most ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 18 hr ago Dell Refurbished Store takes an extra 50% off its factory-refurbished Dell Latitude E6430 laptops via coupon code "SAVE50E6430". Plus, all orders receive free shipping. That beats our similar mention from last month, which didn't include free shipping, and is the best percent-off discount we've seen for these systems so far this year. Some exclusions may apply and available quantities are limited. Deal ends June 5. Note: Dell refurbished systems are covered by a 100-day Dell warranty. Refurb Dell Latitude E6430 Laptops: Extra 50% off + free shipping Dell Refurbished Store takes an extra 50% off its factory-refurbished Dell Latitude E6430 laptops via coupon code "SAVE50E6430". Plus, all ... Read more. Updated: 16 hr 2 min ago Kotula's continues to offer the Jobar 16x7-Foot Double Garage Door Screen for $24.99 with free shipping. That's tied with our mention from two weeks ago and the lowest price we could find by $11. It features a magnetic closure. Jobar 16x7-Foot Double Garage Door Screen for $25 + free shipping Kotula's continues to offer the Jobar 16x7-Foot Double Garage Door Screen for $24.99 with free shipping. That's tied with our ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 5 days ago JemJem offers the refurbished 4.5-lb. Apple MacBook Pro Intel Core i5 2.3GHz 13.3" Laptop for $349.99 with free shipping. That's $62 below last month's refurb mention and the lowest price we've seen. (It's the best deal for a refurb now by $35.) This early-2011 model features an Intel Core i5-2415M 2.3GHz Sandy Bridge dual-core processor, 13.3" 1280x800 LED-backlit LCD, 4GB RAM, 320GB hard drive, DVD burner, and Mac OS X 10.6 (Snow Leopard). Note: A 90-day JemJem warranty applies. This item comes with a non-OEM charger. Refurb MacBook Pro i5 Dual 2.3GHz 13" Laptop for $350 + free shipping JemJem offers the refurbished 4.5-lb. Apple MacBook Pro Intel Core i5 2.3GHz 13.3" Laptop for $349.99 with free shipping. That's ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 16 hr ago TomTop offers the TX3 Pro 4K 8GB Smart Android TV Box for $27.99 plus $2.65 for shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by $4, although we saw it for $2 less last week. It features an Amlogic S905X 2GHz quad-core processor, 1GB RAM, 8GB flash storage, 4K UHD and 3D support, 802.11n wireless, HDMI, USB, microSD card slot, remote control, and Android 6.0 OS (Marshmallow). Note: The countdown timer on the product page does not reflect an actual expiration time and resets daily. TX3 Pro 4K 8GB Smart Android TV Box for $28 + $3 s&h TomTop offers the TX3 Pro 4K 8GB Smart Android TV Box for $27.99 plus $2.65 for shipping. That's the lowest ... Read more. Updated: May 13, 2017 More Deals × It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 354,352 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit About Advertise Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah ... × Join 354,352 happy subscribers and sign up for our free newsletter! You'll get: Tips and advice from our expert money reporters. (Our average experience is 18 years!) Unexpected ways to make more and spend less, delivered to you daily. The best deals and coupons to save on everything you buy. A free PDF stuffed full of 205 ways to save and a free money course valued at $34.95! Submit 122,614 12,179
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News Amazon's $12b raid on Australian retail: Who'll feel the pain and why consumers won't gain (too much) Amazon's $12b raid on Australian retail: Who'll feel the pain and why consumers won't gain (too much) Print Share this story Amazon's $12b raid on Australian retail: Who'll feel the pain and why consumers won't gain (too much) Updated 2 June 2017, 11:40 AEST By business reporter Stephen Letts A retailer's "death star" or a consumer's new universe? For many retailers Amazon is akin to a "Death Star". (Credit: ABC licensed)  The monolithic online retailer Amazon — well known for devouring anything with a cash register in its path — is set to take a $12 billion bite out of Australia's retail pie within the next decade. That's the analysis from the big broking house Morgan Stanley, which has found Amazon's imminent arrival will have a "profound" impact. With an extraordinary 370 million items stacked on its digital shelves, it is difficult to imagine a retailer that wouldn't be affected when Amazon sets up shop in Australia. What sort of pressure will retailers be under? It won't be as totally crushing as existing at the bottom of the Mariana Trench, but it will be intense nonetheless. For many retailers Amazon is akin to a "Death Star". It has market capitalisation of $US460 billion ($630 billion) with investors still eager to buy its stock at $1,000 a share. It is now twice as large as Walmart, which not so long ago was the world's biggest retailer. By way of comparison, add the value of Australia's big listed retailers — Wesfarmers, Woolworths, JB Hi Fi, Myer and Super Cheap — together and their worth comes in at some loose change over $80 billion. Unlike Australian retailers, Amazon's global sales are booming, $US136 billion ($180 billion) annually, up 23 per cent year-on-year in its last quarterly filing. Currently Amazon hardly even notices its sales in Australia, just $1 billion worth of stuff purchased via its offshore websites. That's about to change. Largest Australian retailers Sales ($ billion) Woolworths supermarkets $34.8 billion Coles supermarkets $29.4 billion Bunnings $10.6 billion Aldi $6.7 billion Harvey Norman $5.3 billion Kmart $5.2 billion eBay $4.7 billion Big W $3.8 billion JB Hi-Fi $3.7 billion Target $3.5 billion Source: Company data, Morgan Stanley Research What does it plan to do here? While it is yet to unveil detailed plans since last month's announcement that it was on its way, the betting is Amazon will establish up to five distribution centres spread between Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane. To illustrate the power of Amazon's model, Morgan Stanley tallied up Amazon's sales per square metre with its costs and then compared them to Australia's big retailers. While its costs are marginally higher than the likes of Woolworths, Coles and JB Hi-FI, its sales efficiency is significantly higher. That's where the jaws open up for a big bite. As Morgan Stanley's Thomas Kierath says, "Amazon effectively is a pure play online department store that is super customer-focused and has a very long-term investment horizon, so it doesn't mind losing money in the build-out phase." So who will be hit hardest? On Morgan Stanley's calculations, department stores and perhaps oddly enough, that other big digital disruptor from the US, eBay, will be the most affected. Australia has more department stores per capita than anywhere else on earth — 807 all up, or one for every 30,000 residents. In the US it is one department store per 62,000 people and France — that great defender of small retailers — it is close to 800,000 people to every department store, although you wouldn't guess in the checkout queues. Australian department stores can't close, even when generating losses, because of the "must trade" clauses in their long-term leases, which leaves them pretty much as high-cost, sitting ducks. Department stores here are also heavily dependent on sales of apparel — more than a quarter of their sales are in clothes and footwear — which just happens to line up with one of Amazon's strengths. Company Estimated sales losses in FY2026 Estimated sales loss in percentage terms JB HiFi -$964 million -10pc Harvey Norman -$612 million -10pc Super Cheap Retail -$229 million -6pc Wesfarmers -$2707 million -4pc Woolworths -$916 million -2pc Myer -$547 million -15pc Source: Morgan Stanley estimates, company data In the US, department stores — like Walmart — accounted for 26 per cent of sales in 2005. That share fell to 11 per cent last year, and is forecast to be just 7 per cent by 2020. Not surprisingly, US department store profits have halved in the past decade. Mr Kierath said Wesfarmers' very successful Kmart chain has the most to lose by Amazon's arrival — being as profitable as all the others combined — and it sells a relatively narrow range of commodity products. In other words Amazon's bread and butter, and that is bad news for Wesfarmers. Mr Kierath says eBay, which generates sales of around $5 billion in Australia, and is arguably the nation's seventh-biggest retailer, is also in Amazon's path and likely to get squashed. Amazon operates a very big and growing marketplace business, where third parties list their products on its website. So eBay may get a dose of its own disruptive medicine. Who won't be too badly off? Probably a couple of well established "category killers" like JB Hi-Fi and Super Retail, as well as fresh food outlets, will cope the best. Retailers in Australia have generally been slow to embrace online sales. JB Hi-Fi is one of the few that breaks out online sales. It reported 3 per cent of its main brand's sales are online, while for its recently acquired Good Guys chain, it is closer to 5 per cent. And JB Hi-Fi is one of the few big retailers who really gives online a go. Despite its success, Kmart is considered weak online. It charges an additional $3 for "click and collect" sales, a charge that is sometimes more costly than the item for sale. According to Morgan Stanley, Super Retail and JB Hi-FI are already well organised, competitively priced and reasonably placed to defend their ground. In the US, similar "category killers" like Best Buys and Dick's Sports Goods have managed if to, if not thrive, then at least survive with Amazon. Fresh food retailers are probably best placed to continue to grow in Amazon's New Retail Order for a number of reasons according to Morgan Stanley: The cost of picking and delivering food is far higher than for non-food. Local scale is more important than global scale for food retailers The fastest-growing category in food is fresh, which is perishable Nonetheless, Mr Kierath says Amazon is still capable of gobbling up around 5 per cent of the fresh food market. What will the impact be on prices? Believe it or not, the price gap between the US and Australia has narrowed in recent years according to Morgan Stanley's survey. "Comparing the price of the same product across eight categories in both the US and Australia since 2011, and in seven out of the eight categories, the price gap has closed significantly," Morgan Stanley said. JB Hi-Fi's average price for a group of consumer electronics products is just 11 per cent higher than the price for the same group in the US — as offered by Amazon.com, strawberrynet and other US company websites — compared to the 26 per cent premium in 2011. Still, there is a considerable value gap in many products. Product US: Amazon US: Best Buy Aust: JB HiFi Aust: Kogan Aust average price Difference between Aust average & Amazon HDMI cable Amazon brand 6ft $US7.09 Insignia 6ft $US14.99 Soniq 2.4m $14.99 $US45 Kogan 3m $25 $US19 $US32 -78pc In-ear headphones Amazon Basics $US7.09 Koss $US6.99 Flea Market $13.96 Kogan $9 $US9 -8pc Go-pro head strap Amazon Basics $US7.46 Insignia $US9.99 KB $29 Kogan $19 $US18 -59pc Bluetooth speaker Amazon Basics $US19.99 Insignia $US29.99 Flea Market $41.96 sold out $US32 -37pc Bluetooth key board Amazon Basics $US23.99 Logitech $US26.99 Logitech $26.99 Logitech $49 $US45 -46pc Source: Morgan Stanley This doesn't mean Australian retailers have been happily gouging away in the absence of competition from the likes of Amazon. Australian retailers simply are sold goods at a higher price than their US counterparts. "We examined the Australian accounts for five global retailers and found that 15 to 35 per cent of Australian consumer electronics suppliers sales are Australian dollar incurred costs," Mr Kierath said. 'Though Amazon is known for its very long-term investment horizons and competitive retail offer, we believe that it will compete on range and delivery, rather than price." There are pros and cons in Australia, even for company with its eyes on global domination. Pros: High disposable income High internet/smartphone penetration Population concentration, three cities have half the population A relatively underdeveloped online retail market. Cons: Distribution costs are likely to be far higher than in many international markets, given relatively low population densities and higher labour costs So will consumers reap all the benefits? Not likely, according to Morgan Stanley. Judging by experiences in other markets, Amazon is likely to have very defined roll-out plan for its products. Physical media, such as books, music and Kindle readers will be first, along with electronics, then apparel. Categories that are likely to take far longer are dry goods, fresh food, and auto parts, given the higher start-up and distribution costs. The other key insight from Amazon's global roll-out is products will be sold at premium to US prices — although, that's generally standard operating procedure for all foreign retailers in Australia. "We believe that Amazon won't rebase prices in Australia — based on our analysis, Australian retail prices aren't all that much higher than those in other developed markets," Morgan Stanley said. "Australian retail prices have reduced considerably in recent years and are now only at slight premiums to the US, so we don't see Amazon compressing Australian prices. "The impact on retailers will be more of share loss and ensuing operating deleverage as consumers prefer the ease of ordering on Amazon with one-or-two-day delivery offered for free under Amazon Prime." In short, local retailers will see their margins crunched and market share devoured, while their employees are generally the first to suffer when the battleground is overheads. Consumers may see a modest benefit in terms of price and range, but that's about it. Topics: Australia Company News Retail Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories World pledges to save 'Mother Earth' despite Donald Trump's snub to climate pact Pacific leader likens Donald Trump to a 'classroom bully' after climate deal backdown US Defence Secretary Jim Mattis presses Beijing on North Korea, South China Sea Malcolm Turnbull warns Asian leaders of Chinese aggression, says China should 'curb' North Korea 'Spears to semi-automatics': Papua New Guinea's tribal conflicts become more violent Larsen C: What will happen when the huge Antarctic ice shelf cracks? Ireland's new prime minister: Leo Varadkar set to become republic's first openly gay premier More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2015 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News Teenage girl steals machete, hacks Uber driver to death in Chicago, court hears Teenage girl steals machete, hacks Uber driver to death in Chicago, court hears Print Share this story Teenage girl steals machete, hacks Uber driver to death in Chicago, court hears Updated 2 June 2017, 11:35 AEST A 16-year-old girl stole a machete and a knife from a Walmart before climbing into an Uber car and hacking into the driver who later died, a Chicago court hears. The school girl has been charged as an adult with first-degree murder. (Credit: ABC)  A 16-year-old girl stole a machete and a knife from a Walmart before climbing into an Uber car and hacking into the driver who later died, a Chicago court has heard. The driver died of his wounds after giving police a description of the attacker, leading to her arrest. A prosecutor read out an account of the attack, saying Eliza Wasni climbed into a car driven by 34-year-old Grant Nelson and attacked him with the knife and machete. The judge ordered the girl, who was charged as an adult with first-degree murder, to be held without bond. The two-page description offered no reason for the attack, but portrayed Wasni as a calm girl who "nonchalantly" could be seen walking through Walmart, the knives in hand, before she walked outside without paying. Assistant public defender David McMahon said Wasni had no previous criminal record, attended high school and lived with her mother. Prosecutors said Nelson, a resident of Wilmette in Illinois, picked the girl up shortly after 3am on Tuesday (local time). It was her third ride in an Uber vehicle in the early morning hours of Tuesday. Two minutes after he began driving, prosecutors said Wasni began stabbing Nelson from the back seat. Photo: Uber driver Grant Nelson (L) pictured with his family. His sister Alex posted the photo on Facebook following his death. (Facebook: Alex Nelson) Nelson was able to pull over and ran into a nearby condominium building, where he screamed, "Help me, help me! I'm going to die!" until residents called emergency services. Wasni climbed into the front seat of Nelson's blood-splattered silver sedan and drove away, striking a median strip in the road. She jumped out of the vehicle and fled on foot. Police follow trail of blood to victim When police arrived, they found the vehicle with blood on both the inside and the outside, with Nelson's phone open to the Uber app. The app said Nelson's passenger was someone named Eliza. Officers followed the trial of blood and found Nelson lying in grass. He was bleeding profusely from several wounds, and was able to tell the officers what had happened. He died at a nearby hospital a few hours later. Using the description given by Nelson, police found Wasni nearby crouching behind an air conditioner with a machete in one hand and a knife in the other. Police warned her that she would be shot with a Taser if she did not drop the weapons, and when she did not comply an officer used the Taser. Wasni dropped the knives and was taken into custody. Police said she did not make a statement. External Link: Grant Nelson and Alex Nelson as children According to prosecutors, police recovered a shirt the girl could be seen wearing in the Walmart. The shirt had blood on it. Uber officials said the company was working with police to provide information relevant to the investigation. "We are heartbroken by the loss of one of our partners," Uber said in a statement. "Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time." Nelson's sister, Alex Nelson, told local media her brother was a good person. "He was not a vindictive person," Alex Nelson said. "He was not a cruel person. He didn't deserve this fate." AP Topics: Murder and Manslaughter United States Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories World pledges to save 'Mother Earth' despite Donald Trump's snub to climate pact Pacific leader likens Donald Trump to a 'classroom bully' after climate deal backdown US Defence Secretary Jim Mattis presses Beijing on North Korea, South China Sea Malcolm Turnbull warns Asian leaders of Chinese aggression, says China should 'curb' North Korea 'Spears to semi-automatics': Papua New Guinea's tribal conflicts become more violent Larsen C: What will happen when the huge Antarctic ice shelf cracks? Ireland's new prime minister: Leo Varadkar set to become republic's first openly gay premier More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2015 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility
About Us Newsletter Advertising Subscribe Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Fleet Owner Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close News Equipment Fleet Management Running Green Safety Technology Truck Stats FleetSeek Resource Centers Driver Management HD Pickup & Van Maintenance Powertrain Regulation Advertisement Home > Fleet Management > Walmart using associates to make home deliveries Walmart using associates to make home deliveries Testing of voluntary program taking place at three stores. Jun 1, 2017 Fleet Owner Staff | Fleet Owner EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 A Walmart associate loads a package for delivery into her car at the end of her shift (Photo: Walmart Stores) Related Media Green Fleet of the Year: Walmart Wal-Mart seeking greater freight control E-commerce: Is it truly good for trucking? Walmart Stores said it is testing the use of company associates to deliver online orders to customers’ homes. “Not only can this cut shipping costs and get packages to their final destinations faster and more efficiently, it creates a special win-win-win for customers, associates and the business,” Marc Love, president and CEO of Walmart’s e-commerce division in the United States, wrote in a June 1 blog post announcing the move. Popular Now ELD mandate: A business burden or technology upgrade? Free online rate calculator How freight is priced and paid for is changing fast The test is beginning at two stores in New Jersey and one in Arkansas. Last year, Walmart purchased online retailer Jet.com for $3.3 billion last year to fight off online retail competition from Amazon.com and others. Walmart trucks already move orders to stores from fulfillment centers, and can transport ship-to-home orders to a store close to the final destination, Love said. At that point, an associate can make the home delivery. He added this idea can provide associates a way to earn extra income on their drives home, if they choose to participate. Walmart said 90% of the U.S. population lives within 10 miles of a store, making it easy to match an associate’s commute with a delivery order. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Cory Home Delivery partners with Penske, Demountable Concepts Cory Home Delivery adds clients, expands facilities 10 Case Study: Cory Home Delivery Not Home Delivery, but Parked Car Delivery Symbol, Descartes join in home-delivery project Advertisement Current Issue Passing Inspections Alt Fuels: Alive and well Battling Fatigue CURRENT ISSUE  / ARCHIVE FREE INFORMATION FROM OUR ADVERTISERS   Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook RSS Resource Centers Hungry for more? Visit our Resource Centers for more! Advertisement FleetOwner.com News Equipment Fleet Management Fuel Regulations Running Green Safety Technology Truck Stats Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Fleet Owner Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook RSS Search FleetOwner.com Search: FleetOwner Magazine FleetOwner Related Sites American Trucker FleetSeek Trailer-Body Builders Bulk Transporter Refrigerated Transporter WardsAuto American Trucker Equipment Search Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 62° F Clear Wind ESE at 4 MPH Pressure 1012 MB Dewpoint 35° F Visibility 8 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Blotter: June 3, 2017 By Staff Friday, June 2, 2017 Suspect flees traffic stop A Clifton man was issued a cash bond in court Friday, on allegations that he fled a traffic stop at a high rate of speed in April. According to an arrest affidavit, Mesa County sheriff’s deputies recognized Abelino Sanchez behind the wheel of a blue Honda near the North Avenue Walmart. Knowing Sanchez had warrants, deputies tried to pull him over, but Sanchez refused to pull over, sped through the neighborhood and allegedly disregarded a red light at the intersection of 32 and D roads. Sanchez was issued a $1,500 cash-only bond and faces possible habitual criminal charges, a prosecutor said.   According to the Grand Junction Police Department: ■ Anthony Sabas, 27, is accused of shoplifting on May 20. ■ Joshua Powers, 29, is accused of drug possession and possession with intent to distribute drugs on May 25. ■ Jason Manzanares, 21, was cited on suspicion of shoplifting on Wednesday. ■ Roberto Monarrez, 21, was cited on suspicion of possession of an illegal weapon on Wednesday. ■ A thief stole less than $300 in property from a vehicle in the 2200 block of Orchard Avenue on Wednesday. ■ Joseph Silver, 22, was cited on suspicion of DUI on Thursday. ■ A thief entered a garage in the 300 block of Ridge View Drive on Wednesday and stole property valued at less than $10,000.   According to the Mesa County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Cameron MacGregor was cited on suspicion of theft on May 23. ■ Michael Hess, 38, is accused of menacing, drug possession, third-degree assault, theft and criminal mischief on Monday. According to the Montrose County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Bryce A. McNally, 23, is accused of DUI on Thursday. ■ Samuel R. Trujillo, 39, Montrose, is accused of domestic violence, harassment, drug possession and resisting arrest on Thursday. ■ Shelley M. Lipman, 40, Montrose, is accused of drug possession and possession of a financial transaction device on Thursday. ■ Dustin F. Dick, 31, Durango, is accused of providing false information and criminal impersonation on Thursday. ■ Michael B. Halbach, 71, Tomball, Texas, is accused of DUI and failing to report an accident on Thursday. ■ Erin E. Kelley, 34, Montrose, is accused of domestic violence and harassment on Thursday. ■ Jamaica R. Barrientos, 22, Montrose, is accused of first-degree arson on Friday. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Rn Home Health - Full Time Or Part Time RN Home Health – Full Time or Part TimeProvide quality health c... Director Of Planning And Building The Town of Telluride, a National Historic Landmark District, is seeking a Delivery Route BUSINESS OPPORTUNITYWould you like to deliver newspapersa... Capco Opportunities Capco is theIndustry Leader & PrimeContractor forUS De... Material Handler Solomon Corporation is looking for a in ourGrand Junction facility. ... Mind Springs Health Care Opportunities MindSpringsHealth.org WestSpringsHospital.orgEMPLOYMENT O... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In Business Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston ENewspaper Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive Week in review Staff and wire reports June 2, 2017 Begin Slideshow 7 Photo: Ross D. Franklin, STF Image 1of/7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 FILE - This June 4, 2014, file photo, shows Amazon boxes in Phoenix. Amazon reports financial results Thursday, April 28, 2016. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin, File) FILE - This June 4, 2014, file photo, shows Amazon boxes in Phoenix. Amazon reports financial results Thursday, April 28, 2016. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin, File) Photo: Ross D. Franklin, STF Image 2 of 7 Kellogg Co. is closing its Houston distribution center and laying off 220 employees. The company will ship snacks to U.S. retailers' warehouses instead of directly to their stores. Kellogg Co. is closing its Houston distribution center and laying off 220 employees. The company will ship snacks to U.S. retailers' warehouses instead of directly to their stores. Photo: Gene J. Puskar, STF Image 3 of 7 A Baker Hughes location near Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston. A Baker Hughes location near Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston. Photo: Bill Montgomery Image 4 of 7 FILE -- Sean Hannity, a Fox News TV host, interviews Sen. Ted Cruz at the Texas RepublicanÃ©s presidential campaign rally in Nashville, Tenn., Feb. 26, 2016. A handful of companies have announced plans to stop advertising on Sean HannityÃ©s Fox News program in response to his unyielding support of a debunked conspiracy theory. (Joe Buglewicz/The New York Times) less FILE -- Sean Hannity, a Fox News TV host, interviews Sen. Ted Cruz at the Texas RepublicanÃ©s presidential campaign rally in Nashville, Tenn., Feb. 26, 2016. A handful of companies have announced plans to ... more Photo: JOE BUGLEWICZ, STR Image 5 of 7 Horror stories coursed through social media as British Airways canceled hundreds of flights. Damages for rebooking and compensating customers is estimated at about 100 million euros ($112 million), or about 3 percent of the annual operating profit of parent IAG SA. less Horror stories coursed through social media as British Airways canceled hundreds of flights. Damages for rebooking and compensating customers is estimated at about 100 million euros ($112 million), or about 3 ... more Photo: Luke MacGregor Image 6 of 7 LONDON, ENGLAND - MAY 28: People queue with their luggage outside Heathrow Airport Terminal 5 on May 28, 2017 in London, England. Thousands of passengers face a second day of travel disruption after a British Airways IT failure caused the airline to cancel most of its services. (Photo by Jack Taylor/Getty Images) less LONDON, ENGLAND - MAY 28: People queue with their luggage outside Heathrow Airport Terminal 5 on May 28, 2017 in London, England. Thousands of passengers face a second day of travel disruption after a British ... more Photo: Jack Taylor, Stringer Image 7 of 7 Members of Code Pink, led by Danna Miller Pyke, front with sign, picket and stage a mock arrest of Rex Tillerson, worn by Ernest Jones, as protesters gather outside of the Exxon shareholders meeting across the street from the Morton H. Meyerson Symphony Center in Dallas on Wednesday, May 31, 2017. (Nathan Hunsinger/Dallas Morning News/TNS) less Members of Code Pink, led by Danna Miller Pyke, front with sign, picket and stage a mock arrest of Rex Tillerson, worn by Ernest Jones, as protesters gather outside of the Exxon shareholders meeting across the ... more Photo: Nathan Hunsinger, MBR Week in review 1 / 7 Back to Gallery Monday Turmoil at British Airways British Airways worked to get its operations back to normal after an epic computer meltdown over a busy holiday weekend further fanned public outrage of an industry infamous for its focus on cost cuts over customer service. Tuesday Local Amazon hiring to rise Amazon.com increased the number of workers it expects to hire at the massive warehouse under construction in the Pinto Business Park at the southwest corner of Interstate 45 and Beltway 8. It says it plans to hire 2,500 full-time workers in its effort to meet growing demand and hasten delivery throughout the region. Offshore consolidation Translator To read this article in one of Houston's most-spoken languages, click on the button below. Business Business calendar People in Business Electric cars get a new jolt of energy from Texas Kinder Morgan completes IPO to move ahead with Canadian pipeline There's a new sheriff on the Gulf Week in review The offshore drilling sector begins to consolidate, with Ensco agreeing to buy Houston's Atwood Oceanics for about $850 million. Executives and analysts agree that the industry has too many players in a deep-water market that's mired in a downturn. Three Mile Island: the end? The owner of Three Mile Island, Exelon Corp., announced that the plant that was the site of a terrifying partial meltdown in 1979 will close in 2019 unless the state of Pennsylvania comes to its financial rescue. Ads return to Hannity show The San Antonio-based financial services firm USAA said it was reinstating its advertising on Sean Hannity's Fox News Channel program after receiving heavy criticism for its initial decision from many of the military members and veterans that it serves. Kellogg cuts back in area Kellogg Co. is closing its Houston distribution center and laying off 220 employees, according to documents released by the Texas Workforce Commission. Wednesday Yes on climate initiative Bucking Exxon Mobil's board, investors pushed the company to account for the threat that a warming planet and global climate policies poses to its business in a historic shareholder vote. Texas Children's to grow Texas Children's Hospital is expanding to Austin with an extensive outpatient network that would be the latest extension of its brand beyond the Texas Medical Center, its leaders said. EU clears merger The European Union's regulatory body signed off on the merger of Houston's Baker Hughes with General Electric's oil and gas division. Ohio sues drugmakers Ohio's attorney general sued five drugmakers, accusing the companies of perpetrating the state's addictions epidemic by intentionally misleading patients about the dangers of painkillers and promoting benefits of the drugs not backed by science. Thursday Foggy on cost of coverage The three insurers that offered plans on the Affordable Care Act's exchange in Houston last year appear to be returning in 2018, but only one was willing to clearly say how much it could cost customers as the deadline for filing rate increase requests came and went. Delivering the goods Walmart's newest tactic in its fight against online giant Amazon: asking its employees to deliver online orders on their way home from work. The idea, Walmart executives said, is to cut costs on the so-called last-mile of deliveries, when packages are driven to customers' homes, often the most expensive part of the fulfillment process. An extreme flight United Airlines said it will start flying between Los Angeles and Singapore, a distance of about 8,700 miles, making it the longest route to or from the U.S. A piece of High Times Damian "Junior Gong" Marley is one of 20 investors who announced they had acquired a 60 percent interest in Trans-High Corp., owner of High Times, its digital platforms and its Cannabis Cup trade shows. Friday Employment peak? Speaking at the annual shareholders' meeting, Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology, but also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. Hints of a worker shortage A hiring pullback reported in the U.S. jobs data for May raises the prospect that employers are starting to run out of workers to hire. The economy added just 138,000 jobs, which was still high enough to help cut the unemployment rate to a 16-year low of 4.3 percent. With the recovery from the recession having reached its eighth year, hiring is gradually weakening. Staff and wire reports MONDAY Labor Department releases first-quarter productivity data. Institute for Supply Management releases its service sector index for May. Commerce Department releases factory orders for April. TUESDAY Labor Department releases job openings and labor turnover survey for April. WEDNESDAY Federal Reserve releases consumer credit data for April. THURSDAY Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims. Freddie Mac releases weekly mortgage rates. FRIDAY Commerce Department releases wholesale trade inventories for April. Houston For a Houston family, the ICE crackdown shatters the good life Business Seafarers' Center downsizes among changing tides Music Austin Mahone talks Drake, Harry Styles, Texas and crazy fans Texans Texans release two and sign free agents Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Readers debate Trump’s move on climate accord Readers debate President Donald Trump’s decision to remove the United States from the Paris Climate Accord. Post to Facebook Readers debate Trump’s move on climate accord Readers debate President Donald Trump’s decision to remove the United States from the Paris Climate Accord.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2rBH9kt {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Readers debate Trump’s move on climate accord Free Press readers 12:03 a.m. ET June 3, 2017 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE With the president’s rejection of the climate change agreement, it shows the global community our arrogance in not helping to sustain the Earth like the good stewards we were intended to be. Ron Seguin Lincoln Park I see no reason to leave, but it really isn’t an agreement to do anything specific. Its value is that the signers agree there is a problem and will do something about it. The “something” is not defined, and there are no penalties if they do too little. If we do what we planned to do, are we not doing well even if we are outside of the agreement? Michael Anthony Via Freep.com President Trump has reneged on the Paris climate agreement, demonstrating to the world that they cannot rely on any commitment by the United States of America. His rationale is that although we are the wealthiest country in the world, we will not hesitate to trade our future for greater short-term profits. Although we were the leader of the world in the 20th Century, we will turn over that mantle to China, which stands to become a world leader in clean-energy production. Although America is the world’s second-largest polluter, we are unwilling to do anything about it. The president says he is “representing Pittsburgh, not Paris,” confirming his stance that jobs today are more important that climate disasters tomorrow. He fails to realize that he should also be representing New Orleans, Key West, Charleston, California and every other state that will suffer repeated natural disasters that are the natural and expected results of climate change. George Shea Plymouth The time of subsidizing other countries ends now. The time of subsidizing able-bodied Americans ends now. We as a nation can “fight climate change,” or whatever the new slogan is, without giving away billions of dollars of our money to the world. Wesley Thomas Via Freep.com President Trump is wrong in pulling the U.S. out of the nearly 200 countries that signed the Paris Climate Accord. As a resident of the Jersey Shore, I know full well after superstorm Sandy the dangers of climate change. When companies as varied as Apple and Walmart are in favor of the deal, it shows the broad support it has and for a very good reason. We can’t have more storms like Sandy, which is a very real danger if the climate continues to worsen. Steven M. Clayton Ocean, N.J. Questions for Donald Trump and U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan: What good will saving money for our children be if they don’t have fresh air to breath and clean water to drink? Will our children thank us or curse us? Are Republicans thinking party our planet? Gerald Krajewski Dearborn On Thursday, a brighter part of America stood up. I’m so proud of city leaders including, but not limited to, the mayors of New York City, Pittsburgh, Washington, Boston and Philadelphia who have denounced Trump’s disgraceful decision to back out of the Paris agreement. Come on, Mayor Duggan — time for Detroit to stand up, too. Backbones and honor are increasingly required in today’s world. A significant number of leaders in American industry and technology have also denounced this ill-fated decision — CEO’s of steel companies and manufacturing, and yes even some knowledgeable heads of steel and coal mining companies. I say bravo to the group of Americans who understand the concept of leadership. Virginia Franklin Lathrup Village Withdrawing from this agreement will have zero effect on the innovation that consumers want and is cost-effective to produce. I applaud President Donald Trump for one more step in getting the federal government out of areas of my life that it has no constitutional authority to regulate. Raymond Bryson Via Freep.com I applaud DTE CEO Gerry Anderson on the recent announcement to mostly transition the utility away from coal by 2050. This decision is especially timely, given President Trump’s recent announcement to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Climate Accord, so it is heartening to know business leaders have the courage to build a long-term plan to address climate change. I am the eager reservation holder of an electric vehicle (EV) and look forward to the day that the socket in my garage is my “gas station.” I challenge DTE to develop more compelling “Time-of-Use” rates that will make EV ownership even more enticing than it already is. As a military aviator that burns jet fuel for a living, with multiple tours to the Middle East, I attempt to maintain a broad perspective of the energy industry and the effect it has on our planet. I ask my fellow citizens to take small steps — as I do — to lighten our collective carbon footprint. Riding a bike to work, changing out light bulbs for high efficiency LEDs, eating less red meat and installing a smart thermostat are all small steps that can make a big difference for our planet and create a better quality of life. The cost of inaction will be far worse than anybody can imagine. Zach Mauss Royal Oak Mr. Trump is correct that an international agreement as important as the Paris Climate Accord should be ratified by the U.S. Senate. Of course, with Mitch McConnell as Senate leader, there would be no debate, let alone a vote, on this agreement. What Trump has dead wrong, however, is his contention that addressing climate change will automatically hurt the U.S. economy. A study done by Regional Economic Modeling Inc. (REMI) and Synapse Energy Economics Inc., a company which analyzed Michigan’s recent state power plan, showed there is a mitigation approach that could boost regional economies and employment, especially for the Great Lakes area. The plan, which is promoted by Citizens’ Climate Lobby, proposes placing an annually increasing fee on carbon emissions with the fees returned to families as monthly dividends. Low-income families, especially, will go out and spend these dividends and thus stimulate local economies. Decreased use of fossil fuels will also lower health costs related to the effects of air pollution. This could be the kind of future Trump promised his voters. But it is not the one he his leading them to by leaving the Paris agreement. James M. Rine Grosse Pointe Woods President Trump’s exit from the Paris Climate Accord is bad news for our American troops. Generals know that climate change is a catalyst for conflict and a direct threat to our national security, especially in the Arctic. Secretary of Defense James Mattis has testified that climate change is impacting stability in areas of the world where our troops are already operating. Since the Trump administration will fail to reduce greenhouse gases, we will pay the price in military terms. And that will include U.S. troops. Rev. Rich Peacock, Peace Action of Michigan Sterling Heights Republicans don’t want their grandchildren to inherit a huge national debt, but they don’t mind if their grandchildren inherit a dying planet. Bill Gower Via Freep.com CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2rBH9kt Paul Ryan Column: Who will play Upton in health farce sequel? Brian Dickerson Medicaid, food stamps cut in Trump budget plan Todd Spangler Trump says NAFTA negotiations to begin Todd Spangler Trump's wild rampage continues Mike Thompson GOP playing dangerous game with health care Brian Dickerson Ryancare is really, really awful Mike Thompson
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 Family Safety Day Nashville Dads Photo Galleries Video Live Take 2 Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Calendar Educator of the Week Tennessee Renaissance Festival Pet of the Week Lottery This Week with Bob Mueller News 2 Gives Back Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 72° F Few Clouds Hi: 87° F Lo: 63° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 Family Safety Day Nashville Dads Photo Galleries Featured: Anne Holt's Tennessee Manchester Arena explosion Latest Headlines Rep: Brandy released from hospital after collapse June 2, 2017 A rigorous touring schedule was the cause of Brandy’s collapse. Pens’ Nick Bonino on crutches, game-time decision for Game 3 June 2, 2017 Penguins center Nick Bonino was wearing a walking boot on his left foot and using crutches raising the possibility that he will not play in … 4 bounty hunters have registered with the state since April shooting in Clarksville June 2, 2017 NHL, Metro police work to seize counterfeit Preds gear June 2, 2017 Athletic trainer, defibrillator saves man at baseball game June 2, 2017 Video Live Take 2 Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 72° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 72° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 71% Dewpoint: 62° F Sunrise: 5:29 AM Sunset: 7:59 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Latest Headlines Pens’ Nick Bonino on crutches, game-time decision for Game 3 June 2, 2017 Penguins center Nick Bonino was wearing a walking boot on his left foot and using crutches raising the possibility that he will not play in … NHL, Metro police work to seize counterfeit Preds gear June 2, 2017 Make sure to check the quality of your Predators gear to take home the real deal – instead of the counterfeit products. Curious who threw the first catfish on Predators ice? Meet Bob Wolf June 2, 2017 Vanderbilt thumps St. John’s 13-4 in NCAA baseball tourney June 2, 2017 Nashville Predators sold out more games this year than any other June 2, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Calendar Educator of the Week Tennessee Renaissance Festival Pet of the Week Lottery This Week with Bob Mueller News 2 Gives Back Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 72° F Few Clouds Hi: 87° F Lo: 63° F 4 bounty hunters have registered with the state since April shooting in Clarksville WKRN web staff Published: June 2, 2017, 10:01 pm Updated: June 2, 2017, 10:43 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) This combo of booking photos released by the Clarksville, Tenn., Police Department shows, top row from left, William L. Byles, Kenneth Chiasson, Antwon D. Keesee and Jonathan Schnepp; bottom row from left, Roger D. West, Prentice L. Williams and Joshua Young. Tennessee police say the seven bounty hunters and bail bondsmen have been indicted on first-degree murder and other charges in the killing of an unarmed man and the wounding of another. Authorities say 24-year-old Jalen Johnson and another man were wounded April 23, 2017, after the bounty hunters and bail bondsmen confronted Johnson and his three friends in a Wal-Mart parking lot in Clarksville, Tenn. Police said that neither Johnson nor his three friends had outstanding warrants. (Clarksville Police Department via AP) CLARKSVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – Bounty hunters have been working quickly to comply with Tennessee laws that require them to register with the Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office and pass a background check. Four bonding agents and three bounty hunters have been charged with murder and attempted kidnapping after firing at a car in a Neighborhood Market Walmart store on April 23. They were attempting to apprehend a man accused of skipping bond, but he was not in the car. Instead, they are accused of shooting Jalen Johnson Milan, 24,who was a passenger as three other men were also in the car. According to Clarksville Police, none of the bounty hunters had outstanding warrants. At the time of the shooting, no bounty hunters had registered in Montgomery County. RELATED: 7 bounty hunters shot at wrong car, charged with murder Since April 23, four bounty hunters in Montgomery County have submitted applications and fingerprints for a background check. It is currently being processed, said MCSO Spokeswoman Sandra Brandon. Brandon also said the following: “State law states bounty hunters are required to submit to a criminal history background check at the Sheriff’s office at the county of the person’s permanent residence. Prior to May zero bounty hunters had submitted to a criminal background check. As of today, four individuals have. Residents of Montgomery County who are bounty hunters who have not submitted to a criminal background check can stop by the Sheriff’s Office to pick up an application to start the process.” Brandon said it is the responsibility of any bounty hunter who works in Montgomery County to go to the Sheriff’s Office for a background check. “Criminal apprehension is a dangerous occupation,” Brandon said. “For the safety of the public and bounty hunters, it is important for local law enforcement agencies to know who in their jurisdiction is working as a bounty hunter. Following the guidelines laid out by state law can prevent confusion and misidentification of individuals who have appeared to appear in court and of bounty hunters.” The following bounty hunters/bondsmen are charged with murder, attempted kidnapping and a slew of other charges: William L. Byles, 31, Clarksville Kenneth Chiasson, 38, Clarksville Antwon D. Keesee, 32, Clarksville Jonathan Schnepp, 31, Clarksville Roger D. West, 31, Clarksville Prentice L. Williams, 34, Nevada Joshua Young, 27, Clarksville The men are set for arraignment June 8 at 9 a.m. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts 7 bounty hunters shot at wrong car, charged with murder Attorneys discuss lawsuit after bounty hunters shoot at wrong car, kill father Mistaken identity murder in Clarksville raises concerns about bond industry Family wants justice after bondsmen shoot, kill Clarksville father Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com © 2000 - 2017 wkrn.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Nexstar Media Group Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Close Navigation Home Topics What's On? Weather   -   Interactive Radar   -   Road Conditions   -   Ski Report   -   SkyCams   -   Weather Kids   -   Weather Photos   -   Severe Weather Awareness Week Sports   -   Big Buck   -   Big Fish   -   Fish & Game Forecast   -   Golf Classic   -   Hello, My Name Is   -   Hilight Zone   -   Local Scores   -   National Scores   -   UPick’Em Birthday Club Station   -   Contact Us   -   Jobs at WSAW   -   Order a Copy of a Story or Newscast That Aired on NewsChannel 7   -   Sales   -   Triple 7 Productions 7 Investigates   -   Submit a News Tip Recalls Community   -   Birthday Club   -   Gas Prices   -   Obituaries Honor Flight Subscribe   -   E-News   -   Push Alerts Livestream 2 Closings Fox Wausau MomsEveryday Local X Submit Photos and Videos Features Buddy Check 7 Pet Project Share Your Holidays Your Town Marshfield Your Town Wisconsin Rapids Close Navigation Topics Close Navigation Back Agriculture Community Consumer Entertainment Health International Local Money & Finance National National Sports NFL Offbeat Politics Regional State State Legislature Sunrise 7 Technology Weather Weather Videos Your Town 61°F Clear 81° 59° Wausau, WI Toggle navigation Clear 61°F News Weather Sports Community What's On? Home National Article Why U.S. businesses said "stay in the Paris accord" PHOTO: US President Donald Trump announces withdraw from Paris Climate Deal, Photo Date: 6/1/2017 - Photo: PBS By CBS |  Posted: Fri 9:41 PM, Jun 02, 2017 (CBS) -- Corporate America overwhelmingly, if fruitlessly, urged President Donald Trump to keep the U.S. in the Paris climate agreement. Why? Support for fighting climate change is in their own self-interest Likely reasons for business' backing of the accord range from its public relations impact to the 195-nation pact's value in aiding particular business strategies, such as the energy supermajors' natural gas operations. "If you were a large corporation, the herd instinct told you how to chime in" on backing the international accord, said Bill McKibben, a Middlebury College professor and environmental advocate. In announcing that the U.S. was pulling out of the Paris treaty on Thursday, Mr. Trump said it "hamstrings the United States" and would cost jobs in a host of industries such as coal and steel. The market reaction to Mr. Trump's speech from the White House Rose Garden was mixed. Peabody Energy (BTU), the largest coal company, was down 0.6 percent on Thursday, and No. 2 Arch Coal (ARCH) rose almost 0.6 percent. The largest steel firm, Nucor (NUE), advanced 1.7 percent. Agreed to in 2015, with enthusiastic support from then-President Barack Obama, the deal committed signers to voluntarily reducing their greenhouse gas emissions in a bid to fight climate change.The U.S. is the world's second-largest producer of carbon emissions, after China. Mr. Trump's decision flew in the face of a vocal campaign by large companies to keep America in the agreement, and it sparked anger among some chief executives. "Climate change is real," Jeff Immelt, CEO of General Electric (GE), said in a tweet after the president's announcement. "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." In the wake of Mr. Trump's speech, Elon Musk, head of electric-car maker Tesla (TSLA), resigned from the president's business advisory council. "Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," he tweeted.Bob Iger, chief of Walt Disney (DIS), followed suit in quitting the council over the Paris move. The hundreds of big companies that backed staying with the Paris accord run the full range of business sectors. They included retailers like Walmart (WMT), tech giants such as Apple (AAPL), automakers like General Motors (GM) and even the leading lights of the fossil fuel industry, notably Exxon Mobil (XOM). Recently, 25 large corporations took out full-page ads in newspapers urging Mr. Trump to stick with the climate pact. "By expanding markets for innovative clean technologies, the agreement generates jobs and economic growth," it read. And Darren Woods, CEO of Exxon, wrote a letter to the president arguing that staying in the agreement would ensure that "the United States will maintain a seat at the negotiating table." At the company's shareholder meeting Wednesday, he said, staying in was vital "to ensure a level playing field so that all energy sources and technologies are treated equitably." "I was elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris," the president said. In Mr. Trump's estimation, the Paris plan would result in 2.7 million lost American jobs lost by 2025, which environmentalists deride as wrongheaded. The American Sustainable Business Council, a group of mainly smaller companies, argues that plenty of jobs can be created without harming the environment. "The value of Paris to businesses is the clear market signal that the future is in lower carbon, rather than a chaotic and unsustainable future of business disruptions from rising seas and changing weather patterns," the group's CEO, David Levine, said in a statement. "Even U.S. presidents cannot turn back the clock on history." And indeed, employment in energy producers other than coal is surging. According to the U.S. Department of Energy in a January report, solar has more than twice as many U.S. jobs than coal -- 374,000 versus 160,000. Time was, of course, that Mr. Trump's stance was a widely held belief among American business leaders. They maintained that pollution reduction equaled job reduction. Things have changed as the public came to embrace many of environmentalists' tenets and started fearing man-made climate change. In fairness, there's no reason to question Corporate America's sincerity about fighting climate change. Company leaders want a livable world as much as anyone else. But business' advocacy for the Paris pact shows that, for a variety of reasons, support for fighting greenhouse gases now is in their own best bottom-line interest, as well. That's because: The accord isn't very radical. It legally requires no country to actually end greenhouse gas emissions.The agreement establishes loose and voluntary criteria to follow. In late 2015, every nation announced a nonbinding plan pledging to decrease the pumping of methane and carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. The accord's lack of hard mandates makes adhering to its benchmarks less than onerous. That's not to say the Paris deal is simply a feel-good exercise that will lead to no meaningful results. Fast-growing China, which has an enormous appetite for energy, has committed to weaning itself from rampant coal use because burning coal has led to an enormous pollution problem in Chinese cities. So Beijing plans to meet its targets under the Paris accord by ending construction of some 100 coal-fired electric power plants and shifting billions into vast wind and solar projects. U.S. multinationals now will face a tougher time competing overseas. As the outliers in the international business community, American companies dread being at a disadvantage that may cost them sales. The 25-company ad calling on the president to stay with the climate deal contended that "U.S. companies are well positioned to lead in these [overseas] markets. Withdrawing from the agreement will limit our access to them and could expose us to retaliatory measures." By the same token, they're leery that the U.S. government won't be able to strike favorable trade compacts that will benefit American exporters. It's good P.R. to support the deal. About seven out of 10 registered voters, or 69 percent, say the U.S. should participate in the Paris agreement, compared with 13 percent who say that the country should not, according to a November 2016 poll by the Yale Program on Climate Change Communication. "For consumer-facing companies in particular," said environmentalist McKibben, "it's not popular to oppose the Paris agreement." Certainly, backing the deal is good cover for the oil industry. Exxon, for instance, is fighting an investigation led by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman that seeks to show that it and other energy behemoths are responsible for climate change and have covered up their culpability. In talking about the Trump White House, Larry Summers, Treasury secretary under Bill Clinton, told CNBC Thursday that he "never imagined" an administration that's "way to the right of Exxon on a fossil fuel issue." While the National Mining Association, which lobbies for the coal industry, favored pulling out of the Paris framework, two coal companies opted for staying. Cloud Peak Energy and Peabody told the White House that remaining in the accord would foster U.S. coal sales to emerging markets that still want the fuel, news reports said. It helps gas producers and hurts coal. Exxon, for instance, is the nation's largest natural gas producer, and gas is displacing coal as the preferred power-generating fuel. Gas is cheaper to produce and cleaner. Benjamin Zycher, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, wrote that "because the U.S. has a lot of cheap natural gas -- a substantial part of which is produced by ExxonMobil -- [the company] will have a competitive advantage within the agreement." Polluting industries can carve out an exception for themselves. While GM and some other automakers have voiced various degrees of support for the Paris treaty, they still push back against stricter federal tailpipe emissions standards. This winter, the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers wrote Environmental Protection Agency head Scott Pruitt to ask that he squelch Obama-issued emissions' rules. The trade group didn't respond to a request for comment about Mr. Trump's decision to exit the Paris accord. Meanwhile, Exxon is under investor pressure to show it's aiding the anti-climate change efforts. On Wednesday, over 62 percent of shareholders backed a nonbinding resolution requiring it to disclose the risks to its business from climate change and what policies it's following to mitigate them. Last year, only 38 percent had backed a similar motion. Under CEO Woods, Exxon now has to decide what to do, and a spokesman indicated the board will look at the issue. The company said it already has spent nearly $8 billion in emissions-reduction technology and research on shifting to lower-carbon energy products and processes. Mr. Trump characterized his decision as helping the forgotten men and women across this country. Some say that's not true. But along the way, he has evidently forgotten the U.S. business community. Man Dies After Swimming With New Tattoo Why U.S. businesses said "stay in the Paris accord" Wetterlings File Suit To Keep Some Case Files Sealed Opening statements expected Monday in Minnesota cop's trial Trump's tweeted typo covfefe becoming vanity license plates Man Dies After Swimming With New Tattoo YOUR TOWN MARSHFIELD: DairyFest celebrates heritage, community and family Man Dies After Swimming With New Tattoo Why U.S. businesses said "stay in the Paris accord" Wetterlings File Suit To Keep Some Case Files Sealed Opening statements expected Monday in Minnesota cop's trial Trump's tweeted typo covfefe becoming vanity license plates   News Weather Interactive Radar Road Conditions Ski Report SkyCams Weather Kids Weather Photos Severe Weather Awareness Week Sports Big Buck Big Fish Fish & Game Forecast Golf Classic Hello, My Name Is Hilight Zone Local Scores National Scores UPick’Em Birthday Club Station Contact Us Jobs at WSAW Order a Copy of a Story or Newscast That Aired on NewsChannel 7 Sales Triple 7 Productions 7 Investigates Submit a News Tip Terms of Use Privacy Policy/YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Advertising EEO Statement Public Inspection File Copyright © 2002-2017 - Designed by Gray Digital Media - Powered by Clickability wsaw.com/a?a=426049774 × Online Public Information File Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or fccinfo@fcc.gov. Public File Liaison: Jane Ploeger jane.ploeger@wsaw.com Station Contact Info: WSAW-TV 1114 Grand Ave. Wausau, WI 54403 Close
Saturday, June 3, 2017 Login Subscribe Legal ads Homes Autos Jobs Classified The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Celebrate 150 Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Cannabis Culture Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help News Local   Business Ashland-based clothing company Yala plans to move its headquarters to west Eugene in August     By Sherri Buri McDonald The Register-Guard May 26, 2017   Today’s Local stories Wave of eclipse-viewing visitors may inundate state, jam traffic and crimp gas supplies, officials warn Path of opportunity GOP lawmaker and possible gubernatorial candidate failed to make proper financial disclosures, ethics commission finds Springfield teen reportedly jumps in river to flee attacker Fire in Springfield causes $50,000 in damages to home, closes Main Street More Local »   A Eugene native plans to move an Ashland-based clothing company and its 10-person headquarters to west Eugene on August 1. In 2015, Kathrin Platt Gonsalves bought Yala Designs from its founders for an undisclosed price. With experience as a merchandise planner for The Gap and Walmart.com, and as chief operations officer of Burley, a Eugene bicycle trailer maker, Gonsalves is taking the leap into owning and running her own company. Yala designs casual, stylish women’s basics, and bedding and baby clothes, made of sustainable fibers, such as silk, bamboo and organic cotton. None of Yala’s products will be made in Eugene. They will be manufactured in the countries where the fabrics are produced, which is elsewhere in the United States, China and Peru, said Yala spokeswoman Jane Wiley. Gonsalves was traveling on Thursday and not available for an interview. But Gonsalves grew up in Eugene, and now a mom herself, she wants to move the company to Eugene so she can be closer to her family, Wiley said. Gonsalves also is eager for Yala to become active in the local fashion and business communities, she said. Eugene designer Katie Brown, founder of the Katie Brown LA women’s clothing line, welcomed Yala to the area. More players strengthen the local fashion community and increase awareness of it. “I think it’s great,” she said. “The more the merrier. I’m happy to hear that they’re moving up here.” Yala plans to lease a 10,500-square-foot space in the west Eugene Industrial Park at 4030 W. First St. The building will house design, sales, administration, shipping and customer service. The privately held company declined to disclose the cost of moving and setting up operations in Eugene. Five of Yala’s 10-person Ashland staff will move with the company to Eugene, and the company will hire three to five employees in the next few months for sales and customer service positions, Wiley said. The company contracts with small sewing shops, with 15 to 30 sewers and knitters, and company officials visit the factories several times a year, Yala’s website said. Yala merchandise is sold in over 500 boutiques in the U.S., through catalogs and online at yaladesigns.com. Among the company’s top-selling products is a $62 women’s striped boatneck shirt with three-quarter sleeves made of viscose from organically grown bamboo and Spandex. Nancy and Larry Morgan founded Yala in Ashland in 1996. Their original product, which sells online for $98, was the DreamSack, a silk sleep sack that can be used as a sleeping bag liner or an extra layer of bedding. The Morgans came up with the idea while traveling in China, where they often slept on beds without sheets or mattresses, and sometimes even on grass. The sleep sack was a lightweight, portable solution to getting a comfortable night’s sleep. Yala designers focus on soft, sustainably sourced fibers from organically grown plants and humanely treated animals. The clothing is made with low-impact dyes, and the water used to dye fabrics is collected, cleaned and reused, according to the company’s website Follow Sherri on Twitter @sburimcdonald . Email sherri@registerguard.com . More Business articles »     RG Daily Digest Get our top headlines delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Local stories Solar Eclipse Wave of eclipse-viewing visitors may inundate state, jam traffic and crimp gas supplies, officials warn Business Path of opportunity Oregon Legislature GOP lawmaker and possible gubernatorial candidate failed to make proper financial disclosures, ethics commission finds Courts Two men plead guilty in 2016 stabbing death at Alton Baker Park University Of Oregon Water leak causes $20,000 in damage to UO museum, but spares fossils and other artifacts View of the News Flourishing flowers Crime Springfield teen reportedly jumps in river to flee attacker Fires Fire in Springfield causes $50,000 in damages to home, closes Main Street Local News UO Board of Trustees approves name change to Unthank Hall Oregon Even before MAX attack, Portland debated racism, hate Crime Springfield teen reportedly jumps in river to flee attacker Fires Fire in Springfield causes $50,000 in damages to home, closes Main Street West Crisis home closes after nearly 20 years of helping teens West Man arrested in theft of victim’s ring Religion The bulletin Local News For the Record Local News Community     Opinion Editorial Red lights and speeders Bill would let cities increase use of cameras Oregon cities that install cameras at intersections to catch motorists running red lights may soon be able to also use them to catch speeders under House Bill 2409. The bill has passed both the state … Oregon’s quiet example New pay equity law a big boost for people with disabilities Business and politics — it’s a family affair More Opinion » Weekend Out and About Stretch the imagination Sit back, relax to enjoy impressive season of outdoor concerts, movies, plays Mild summer nights, even during the work week, are the only excuse most of us need to pack a picnic dinner, grab a few blankets and head to our neighborhood parks to enjoy a truly … Weekend events for Lane County and beyond, June 3-4 Structured playtime Patio décor sets free-spirited tone More Weekend » Home & Garden Garden Tours Harmonious garden ensemble Six local standouts will be open for admiring during June 11 “Music in the Garden” tour Beautiful melodies will carry throughout six Eugene-Springfield gardens during the Eugene Symphony Guild’s 20th-annual “Music in the Garden” tour on Sunday, June 11. More than 100 local musicians, performing in ensembles large and small, will … Key decorating rule? Do what you love Rustic mid-century makeover Lifeblood of an ornamental garden More Home & Garden »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
Hot Topics: Squirrel Feeder Cited Glen Haven Town Hall Kids Summer Activities Windsor Sports Park Colo. Eagles Title Hunt Your Best Bets for Fun New Restaurant RH Line Police Calls Questions linger as preliminary hearing for one of three charged with murder remains unfinished Joshua Baker is one of three Cincinnati, Ohio men facing murder in the death of a Fort Collins man By Sam Lounsberry Reporter-Herald Staff Writer Posted:   06/02/2017 09:07:38 PM MDT Baker FORT COLLINS — Along the same highway that runs through central Loveland, U.S. 34, the body of a 20-year-old Fort Collins man was found with multiple gunshot wounds in Morgan County on Sept. 3, 2016. A trio of young men from Cincinnati, Ohio, have been charged with first-degree murder in the death of Devon Smeltz, who was discovered near the intersection of U.S. 34 and Morgan County Road 4 without pants or shoes and with bullets in his skull as his body decayed, according to a Fort Collins Police Services detective. Court testimony on Friday revealed the story behind the finding of the gruesome scene by law enforcement officials, and the events that led to the arrests of then 20-year-old Ohio residents Joshua Baker, Larry Greggs and Michael Gresham three states away from Colorado in connection with the suspected murder. Greggs Preliminary hearings had been scheduled for each of the suspects Friday, but Greggs and Gresham waived their rights to have such hearings in their cases, and only Baker proceeded with his. Although the hearing was not able to be completed due to lasting more than four hours up to the court's afternoon docket, a jarring chronicle of Smeltz's death was established that did not necessarily implicate Baker as a killer, without proving his outright innocence, either. A decision on whether he will be bound over for trial will be made by 8th District Judge Julie Kunce Field on June 14, but not before Baker's public defender Kathryn Hay will finish her cross-examinations of a Fort Collins detective. Advertisement While Deputy District Attorney Mitch Murray made evident Baker was present for the death, and perhaps involved, Hay was able to leave a packed courtroom that included Baker's parents with some questions as to how responsible her client actually was for the shooting that claimed Smeltz's young life. In the start to testimony, Murray questioned FCPS Detective Siobhan Seymour, the lead detective on the case. Gresham She claimed that large amounts of drugs along with guns and expensive jewelry and clothing were at the center of the alleged altercation that left Smeltz dead and his mother's central Fort Collins home the subject of a break-in. Seymour said that the three suspects were arrested after being stopped in Illinois by a state trooper. At the time of the stop, the men were making their way back to Cincinnati in two separate cars, one a white Mercedes-Benz driven by Baker with Gresham as a passenger, and the other a Jeep rental car driven by Greggs. The cars were stopped because the trooper saw each car's occupants flashing hand signs back and forth and thought it may have been a possible road rage incident. Something much darker than a road rage was discovered, though, after police obtained authority to search the vehicles. In fact, the Mercedes driven by Baker turned out to be registered to Smeltz, according to Seymour. On top of that, Seymour said a loaded AR-15 automatic rifle was found with Greggs in the Jeep, and approximately 140 grams of cocaine, a plastic bag filled with a generic brand of Xanax pills, a revolver and another automatic handgun were recovered from the Mercedes. The automatic handgun matched the model of firearm Smeltz's mother had bought for Smeltz, testimony indicated. Plus, splotches of blood were in the back seat of the Mercedes, the DNA of which FCPS Detective Neal Hisam later testified matched Smeltz's per laboratory tests. Clothing that Smeltz had been pictured with, such as Versace brand jeans and sunglasses, blue Timberland boots, along with a gold bracelet and a wallet holding his identification and credit cards were also found in possession of the Ohio men, who were arrested in Illinois in early September 2016 before being extradited back to Larimer County in the days thereafter. Security surveillance tapes from the Timnath Walmart which police later obtained showed the meeting of a Jeep and a Mercedes in the early morning hours of the day Smeltz was reported missing, Seymour said. In those tapes, though the pictures are grainy, Seymour said she saw people leave the Jeep and walk up to the Mercedes and appear to speak with its driver for several minutes before a bright flash occurred that could be consistent with a firearm's muzzle flash. Murray also played two short videos for the court that Seymour said had been taken on a phone owned by Gresham, and another phone police determined Greggs and Baker had been sharing. One of the videos, which was just a few seconds long but included a voice Seymour said she recognized as Greggs', included profanity and racial slurs to state that people who "play with my money (expletive) die." The video showed a body in a bloody back seat of a vehicle. The second video depicted blood and a voice saying, "We can't leave without the jewelry." Police interviews with Smeltz's mother revealed her home in the 3300 block of Citation Court in Fort Collins was broken into shortly after the Walmart surveillance video showed the vehicles leave the parking lot. A broken window and an Adidas sandal police believe matched a pair Baker was seen wearing in photographs taken previously were found on the property, as well as blood stains on the front porch. In her cross-examination of Seymour, though, Hay was able to establish that police never investigated Smeltz as the aggressor in the supposed shooting incident in the Walmart parking lot, even though a magazine was found in the automatic handgun allegedly belonging to him and he had been a suspect in a shooting that occurred months earlier. Seymour responded that none of the three defendants claimed they acted in self-defense nor showed any injuries consistent with gunshot wounds. A spent shell casing of an unidentifiable caliber was recovered by police in the Walmart parking lot, and seven bullets that could have been fired by the revolver found with Baker and Gresham in the Mercedes were found in Smeltz's body, plus another discharged casing was found in the Mercedes with traces of what investigators determined was Smeltz's blood on it, Hisam said. Additionally, Hay was able to elicit an admission from Seymour that there was no reason to believe Baker knew Smeltz prior to their meeting at the Walmart, and that Greggs alone had driven to Colorado from Ohio multiple times to purchase drugs from Smeltz prior to the death. Hay also asked Seymour if she was aware of any notes passed between the suspect trio at the jail that conveyed threats for continuing to a preliminary hearing in any of the young men's cases, and Seymour said she was not. In a redirect attempting to establish a motive for Baker to participate in the alleged crimes that led to Smeltz's supposed killing, Murray asked Seymour about the street value of the cocaine found in the Mercedes, which the detective estimated at $11,400. She had previously stated she believed the cocaine had belonged to Smeltz. Court appearances for Gresham and Greggs will be set at the completion of Baker's preliminary hearing June 14, when Hisam will be cross-examined by Hay. Sam Lounsberry: 970-635-3630, lounsberrys@reporter-herald.com and twitter.com/samlounz. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Fire damages downtown Loveland home Friday night Moose attacks two women west of Jamestown in Boulder County Colorado reviewing inspection reports from 16,000 oil and gas wells across state   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
null
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Opinion Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/ladailynews Home â Opinion The California caste system An Indian women along with her child rests at on a pavement in Hyderabad, India, Thursday, Jan. 30, 2014. (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A.) By Jon Coupal Posted: 06/02/17, 4:45 PM PDT | Updated: 2 hrs ago # Comments After the Legislature imposed billions of dollars in new car and gas taxes on Californians last month, a friend emailed me to register his disappointment and disgust: “It’s like we live in an apartheid society where the politically powerful live in luxury and laugh at the working people of our state.” Sadly, his point is accurate. The separation between the ruling class and the rest of Californians is becoming more extreme by the day. So much so, in fact, that California is beginning to resemble a society based on a caste system, meaning a formal structure of social stratification (usually associated with India) deriving from the hereditary division of the population into the highest caste (Brahmins) and various castes below. California’s high cast Brahmins reside primarily in coastal enclaves including the San Francisco Bay Area, Santa Barbara, Malibu and the west side of Los Angeles but they are also numerous in the Silicon Valley and Hollywood. These elites tend to be high income or wealthy and can afford to separate themselves from the trials and tribulations suffered by average citizens. This immunity from “real world” problems allows them to obsess about issues like bathroom access, climate change or the president’s hair. They lack respect or compassion for less fortunate citizens and, if truth be known, they find those outside their caste to be annoying. And a gas tax? This tax to them is nothing when they can avoid paying it by plugging in their $120,000, taxpayer subsidized Teslas. And if their cars do run on gas, they never even bother to check the price. These are folks who wouldn’t be caught dead in a Walmart. Next in the caste hierarchy are the politicians and members of government employee unions. While the Brahmans may help to elect the politicians, as do the unions, this second tier caste is much less secure because they still have to scrounge for financial advantage. The unions — representing the highest compensated state and local workers in all 50 states — are constantly seeking more pay and benefits. And because the politicians are constantly trying to consolidate and expand their influence, they establish a symbiotic relationship with the unions to keep campaign contributions rolling in that guarantee reelection. (Some electeds, who have spent years living off the taxpayers’ dime, genuinely fear they may not be qualified for work in the private sector and so will do almost anything to keep a grip on power.) These politicians will parrot the concerns of the Brahmins about matters like the environment, but they do not have a committed belief system. They trip all over themselves in their rush to make environmental law exceptions for projects like stadiums that are backed by wealthy interests or unions in a position to secure or advance the politicians’ careers. The next rank on the scale of who’s who in California are the non-working poor. While the upper classes do not want to rub elbows with them, they are regarded as useful because their votes can be purchased through extensive entitlement programs that are paid for by the very lowest class. Advertisement On the very bottom rung of the stature ladder, the equivalent of the Indian’s “Untouchables,” are working Californians, and the lowest of these workers is anyone who labors at a job that requires perspiration — these are regarded as little more than beasts of burden. When the elites bother to consider members of the working class, they regard them as a source of tax revenue and little more. Ideally, to their way of thinking, they exist to pay taxes and not make waves. A massive new gas tax adding to the burden of working Californians? Why it is just the price of being able to share a beautiful state and great weather with their social betters. Jon Coupal is president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life No results found Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LA Daily News Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © LA Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
null
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix DFW CW33 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW33 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Eye Opener HomeBless Life CW Community Watch CW33 Contact Weather 70° 70° Low 69° High 81° Sat 70° 87° Sun 69° 85° Mon 70° 84° See complete forecast Severe weather alert 16-year-old stabs Uber driver to death with a machete Posted 5:13 pm, June 2, 2017, by Raquel Gonzalez Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video CHICAGO, IL -- An Uber driver is brutally attacked with a machete and cops in Chicago say his killer is a 16-year-old girl. "She begins to hack at him and stab him from the back seat,” says Assistant State Attorney, Michelle Cunningham. The ride from hell started early Tuesday morning when Grant Nelson picked up 16-year-old Eliza Wasni from Walmart. Investigators say as soon as the teen got into the car, she started stabbing Nelson with a knife and a machete she stole from the store. Nelson was able to jump out and run to a nearby apartment complex. "The victim runs to the lobby door and is heard banging and screaming, 'help me, help me I’m going to die,'" Cunningham said. Cops say Wasni took off in Nelson's car but crashed. And when officers showed up, she was still holding the bloody knife and machete. Wasni is now being charged as an adult for first-degree murder. No word on what set her off but Nelson's family is convinced it was random. "The loss of intelligence and conversation and nuance and thoughtfulness that he brought into all of our lives is going to be felt and it will reverberate right with us throughout the coming weeks and months and years. And it's not a hole that can be easily filled,” says Alex Nelson, victim’s sister. Whatever the reason for this crazy crime, this is one Uber ride where the driver, sadly, paid the price.   Filed in: NewsFix Topics: first degree murder, Uber Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email HomeBless Life Laterras Whitfield is a man on a mission. A mission to bless the homeless in DFW and tell their stories. Popular Teen hit and killed crossing I-20 in Grand Prairie Widow of slain Dallas police officer sues to keep video of husband’s death private 3 dead after shootout at Greenville car dealership Arrest made in murder of teen killed hours after graduation Latest News Is it doughnut, or donut? We need to know New trend alert: lace shorts and glitter boobs Why Walmart may not be putting smiles on employees faces Kathy Griffin: Trump is ‘trying to ruin my life’ National/World News ‘Help me! I’m going to die’: 16-year-old girl accused of killing Uber driver with knife, machete National/World News 12-year-old girl stops carjacker from abducting her little sister NewsFix Dallas Lyft driver delivers powerful message on rape culture National/World News 911 call released after Oklahoma man fatally shoots three teen intruders NewsFix Michael Irvin dropped as high school speaker amid rape allegations National/World News Woman killed boyfriend by pouring bleach down his throat Eye Opener Oklahoma man arrested in hit & run death of Rachel Spelman Eye Opener Dallas woman killed in hit and run National/World News Grandmother found decapitated after boy flees attack, calls 911 NewsFix The uber shady story behind #UberBae NewsFix Man accused of killing 4-year-old nephew with ax after luring him to basement NewsFix American Airlines flight attendant accused of hitting mom with a stroller Eye Opener Second arrest made in murder of popular Carter High grad Mobile Apps CW33 Weather App for iPhone CW33 Weather App for iPad CW33 Weather App for Android NewsFix DFW App for iPhone NewsFix DFW App for Android Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 8001 John W. Carpenter Freeway Dallas, Texas 75247 • Copyright © 2017, KDAF • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Konkan village hopes its cheers are heard in Dublin by PM-in-waiting Leo Varadkar, a native son Paris Agreement: US pullout to slow down global action, unlikely to affect India’s efforts The state of Indian cricket, by Ram Guha Don’t criticise EVMs used in recent polls: Uttarakhand HC Dalit outfit to send 16-ft-long soap to Adityanath to ‘clean himself’ Home Cities Delhi Delhi: 5 rob Amazon delivery agent at gunpoint, 3 held Delhi: 5 rob Amazon delivery agent at gunpoint, 3 held Police recovered one country-made pistol with two live cartridges, three motorcycles, three smartphones, a mattress, a pair of shoes, a hand mixer, bluetooth speakers and cookware from the accused. Written by Surbhi Gupta | New Delhi | Published:June 3, 2017 4:27 am Related News Apple WWDC 2017: Siri speaker is coming, to take on Google Home, Amazon Echo Xiaomi Redmi 4 sale today: Comparison against Lenovo K6 Power, Vibe K5, and more Amazon opens grocery pickup kiosks to rival Wal-Mart in the US The Delhi Police Thursday arrested three men for allegedly robbing an Amazon delivery agent and the van driver at gunpoint, before fleeing in the company’s vehicle. Two others who were part of the heist are still at large, police said. According to police, the accused would steal motorcycles and use them to snatch and steal mobile phones. They would then use these stolen phones to order from online shopping websites. In the latest incident, they ordered from Amazon and when the delivery agent arrived, the accused robbed him at gunpoint and fled in the company’s van. The accused were identified as Hemant (18), Sunil (19) and Mohit (19) — all residents of Najafgarh. Police recovered one country-made pistol with two live cartridges, three motorcycles, three smartphones, a mattress, a pair of shoes, a hand mixer, bluetooth speakers and cookware from the accused. The latest FIR was filed on May 28 by Amazon delivery agent Saurav who, along with the driver Sikander, was out to deliver a pair of shoes. “They were at Saraswati Enclave to make the delivery around 3.45 pm on Sunday when five men robbed them and took away the Eeco van,” said M N Tiwari, DCP (outer district). Members of the special team received information that the accused would gather at Anaaj Mandi in Najafgarh on Thursday to commit another crime. The police team nabbed three of them around 3.30 pm. The van was traced to a route between Kair village and Jharoda village. Police have filed 14 FIRs related to robbery at gunpoint, snatching and theft against the accused. More Related News Nokia 3310 dupes are here: Check out Darago 3310, Micromax X1i (2017) Google woos developers to catch Amazon in digital assistant race For all the latest Cities News, download Indian Express App Tags: Amazon No Comments. Most Read CBSE 10th result 2017 date and time: Results to release post 12 pm, know all updates here CBSE 10th result 2017: Where and how to check result at cbseresults.nic.in, cbse.nic.in CBSE 10th result to be on Bing search Aishwarya Rai lookalike Sneha Ullal left films due to severe illness, stayed away for 4 years. See photos Dangal vs Baahubali 2 box office: Aamir Khan film creates Rs 1800-cr club now Best of Express NIA raids 14 places in Kashmir, 8 in Delhi in connection with terror funding Six jawans injured as militants attack army convoy near Qazigund 368 militants neutralised in Kashmir since 2014, says Rajnath Singh OpinionAs US withdraws from Paris pact, it’s time the world recognised the real climate leaders OpinionWhy abolishing triple talaq is critical to creating a New India Buzzing Now EntertainmentWonder Woman movie review: Gal Gadot and her superhero will be a hard act to follow EntertainmentKatrina Kaif will go where I take her, says Salman Khan amid cheers EntertainmentDangal vs Baahubali 2 box office: Aamir Khan film creates Rs 1800-cr club TrendingPM Modi and Vladimir Putin took a walk in the park and Twitterati think they are giving perfect #relationshipgoals TrendingRickshaw puller saved girl from committing suicide; after 8 years, she came back in his life to change it forever Top News CBSE 10th result 2017 to be announced today CBI arrests Lt Colonel, middleman involved in Army transfer racket PM Modi reaches France, to hold talks with President Emmanuel Macron Indian comic scene has serious problems: Sexism, bro-code and just a handful of women SportsNew Zealand, Australia share points after rain SportsThe state of Indian cricket, by Ramachandra Guha Lifestyle(Don’t) Keep Calm and Carry On Lifestyle‘We have digested, held in our bellies so much violence that it is hard to be moral': Arundhati Roy TechnologySony Xperia XZ Premium vs Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs LG G6: Specifications battle TechnologyApple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon's Alexa Jun 03: Latest News Hot morning in Delhi Harley-Davidson recalls 57,000 motorcycles for oil leak Donald Trump calls his maiden foreign trip ‘historic’ Six jawans injured as militants attack army convoy near Qazigund 368 militants neutralised in Kashmir since 2014, says Rajnath Singh                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Vehicle vs. tractor-trailer shuts down section of Palmdale Road Friday afternoon Friday Jun 2, 2017 at 3:26 PM Jun 2, 2017 at 3:26 PM By Staff Reports VICTORVILLE — A section of Palmdale Road was shut down Friday afternoon following a traffic collision near Vincent Road, authorities said. Palmdale Road was closed in both directions from the Walmart shopping center to Emerald Road after the crash, which occurred at approximately 2:20 p.m. The crash appeared to involve a tractor-trailer hauling a large piece of equipment and a light blue sedan. The tractor-trailer was positioned across eastbound and westbound lanes but had no noticeable damage. The sedan sustained damage to its front and windshield and had to be towed away. Medical aid was requested for one person involved, according to San Bernardino County Fire spokesperson Ryan Vaccaro. Palmdale Road was reopened at 2:55 p.m. This story is still developing and will be updated as more information becomes available. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 68° Few Clouds North Andover, MA (01845) Today Clouds early, some clearing late. Tonight Mostly cloudy early, then clearing overnight. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 49F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 2, 2017 @ 5:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis New Hampshire Psychic fair returns to Salem 37 min ago St. David's Church holding yard sale Ingraham to be installed as pastor of First Church Congregational Tuscan Village groundbreaking ceremony delayed Police probe two new Lawrence shootings  Students honor teachers with familiar award Upper Room honors its Class of 2017 Second man charged in Easter shooting death in Lawrence Police investigate two Thursday night shootings in Lawrence Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Local Sports featured Harris throws six innings of no-hit ball, leads Salem to win in tourney opener +2 By David Willis dwillis@eagletribune.com 16 hrs ago Saluting the Commonwealth Motors Unsung Heroes Commonwealth Motors Captains Corner: Central Catholic baseball, Brooks boys lacrosse Sports in a Minute: Andover duo stars on and off gridiron Thursday's High School Box Scores Ballou's homer leads Harrisburg to win over New Hampshire Tournament Roundup: Windham girls tennis wins Division 2 state championship Local Sports Notes Five nuggets from Sox loss to O's Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Club News May 28, 2017 Reunions Community Calendar Reunions Club News Community Calendar Moccia - Congratulations Club News Reunions Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Sound Off 7 hrs ago NH students need full-day kindergarten Clinton Foundation must be investigated Griffin should have known she would be crossing line Guess what, critics: Trump appeared rather presidential on his first foreign trip Sound Off Judges' anti-Trump end does not justify their means Public participation in school matters impressive Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices AP Business Highlights By The Associated Press Jun 2, 2017 Updated 51 min ago ___ Jobs data could signal shortage of qualified workers to hire WASHINGTON (AP) — A hiring pullback captured in Friday's U.S. jobs report raises the prospect that employers are starting to run out of qualified workers to hire. Employers added just 138,000 jobs in May, though that was enough to help cut the unemployment rate to a 16-year low of 4.3 percent. ___ Quitting Paris likely to have muted effect in key industries DALLAS (AP) — Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement may have only limited impact on key sectors in the economy. Some executives criticized the move. Analysts say market conditions will be a bigger factor in determining US energy production after Paris. ___ Pittsburgh to Trump: You don't speak for us on climate PITTSBURGH (AP) — In announcing plans to pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate accord, President Donald Trump declared that he was "elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris." But the Steel City is hardly in Trump's corner on this one. Pittsburgh's mayor is reaffirming his commitment to curbing global warming and pushing ahead with green energy projects. ___ AP Explains: Why China is stepping up against climate change BEIJING (AP) — By backing off the U.S. commitment to address climate change, President Donald Trump leaves an opening for a chief economic rival, China, to expand its increasing dominance in the renewable energy industry. Here's a look at some of the trends and challenges that could shape China's — and the world's —energy future. ___ Stocks set records again; bond yields sink after jobs report NEW YORK (AP) — Bond yields sank Friday to their lowest level of the year, and the dollar's value fell against rivals after the nation's job growth slowed last month. But stock indexes chugged again to record heights, led by technology companies and dividend payers. ___ Walmart touts investment in people, technology as advantages FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. (AP) —Walmart CEO Doug McMillon touted the company's investments in people and technology at its shareholder meeting. He also said the company may have reached an employment peak and urged employees not to be afraid of automation. ___ Trump faces tough task unwinding Obama Cuba policy HAVANA (AP) —President Trump faces a complex scenario as Cuban-American legislators and lobbyists pressure him to fulfil his campaign promise to undo Obama's detente with the Cuba. Administration officials say the Trump administration is weeks away from announcing a new Cuba policy that would prohibit business with the Cuban military while maintaining the full diplomatic relations restored by Obama. ___ Google's Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year NEW YORK (AP) — Websites that run annoying ads such as pop-ups may find all ads blocked by Google's Chrome browser starting next year. The digital-ad giant's announcement comes as hundreds of millions of internet users have already installed ad blockers on their desktop computers and phones to combat ads that track them and make browsing sites difficult. ___ Retirees at GE plant in Canada see hope for health claims PETERBOROUGH, Ontario (AP) — Retired workers at a General Electric factory in Canada have long blamed cancers on decades spent in proximity to toxins inside the huge GE plant northeast of Toronto. Many had their health claims denied. But a newly published analysis of workplace safety at the Peterborough plant has prompted Ontario's labor minister to publicly back the retirees. ___ US trade deficit rises to highest level since January WASHINGTON (AP) —The U.S. trade deficit rose in April to the highest level since January as American exports rose and imports fell. The politically sensitive trade gap with China also rose sharply. A widening trade deficit is a drag on economic growth. Donald Trump made the trade gap a centerpiece of his presidential campaign. His administration has vowed to reduce the deficit, blaming it on abusive practices by America's trading partners. ___ The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 9.01 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,439.07. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 62.11, or 0.3 percent, to 21,206.29. The Nasdaq composite added 58.97, or 0.9 percent, to 6,305.80. Benchmark U.S. crude oil fell 70 cents, or 1.4 percent, to settle at $47.66 per barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, sank 68 cents to $49.95 per barrel. Natural gas was close to flat at $3.00 per 1,000 cubic feet, wholesale gasoline fell 2 cents to $1.58 per gallon and heating oil dipped 2 cent to $1.48 per gallon. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Business Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Financial Markets Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Climate Environment And Nature Climate Change Environmental Concerns Environment Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Energy And The Environment Recessions And Depressions Economy Executive Changes Corporate Management Personnel Corporate News Vehicle Sales Manufacturer's Inventories And Sales Manufacturing Sector Performance Government And Politics Employment Figures Labor Economy Leading Economic Indicators Technology Trade Balance International Trade Locations London Ohio United States North America Germany Western Europe Europe France Paris Ontario Canada Texas China Greater China East Asia Asia Cuba Caribbean Latin America And Caribbean ADVERTISERS North of Boston Magazines Our magazines highlight people, places and events in our North of Boston communities.Read Our Magazines Featured Homes of the Week +5 Seaglass Shore, Hampton Beach, N.H. By Sarah Ashley Pratt  Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles UPDATE: Lawrence-based drug ring was largest fentanyl operation in state Stabbing victim remains in critical condition Salem police arrest Manchester woman connected to Londonderry armed robbery Haverhill police arrest suspect in downtown stabbings Lawrence baseball bat attack leads to two arrests Feds: 30 face drug, firearm and immigration charges in Merrimack Valley probe Documents: Accused fentanyl dealer sought lush life in DR UPDATE: Juvenile arrested in Methuen teen's shooting Police investigating Methuen shooting Man dies in Salem motorcycle crash Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. First Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Sections Home News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Social Icons sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Contact us sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Contact us Menu Home PAKISTAN Punjab Sindh Islamabad Balochistan Khyber Pakhtunkhwa World Business Sports Life and Style Music Fashion Tv & Film Gossip Food Books Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters Blog E-paper Home PAKISTAN Punjab Sindh Islamabad Balochistan Khyber Pakhtunkhwa World Business Sports Life and Style Music Fashion Tv & Film Gossip Food Books Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters Blog E-paper US coal stocks fall; exit from climate deal may hurt, not help 03-Jun-17 by agencies US coal company shares dipped alongside renewable energy stocks on Wednesday after reports that President Donald Trump plans to pull the United States from a global accord on fighting climate change. The market reaction reflects concerns, raised by some coal companies in recent months, that a US exit from the Paris Climate Agreement could unleash a global backlash against coal interests outside the United States. Peabody Energy, the largest publicly traded US coal company dropped 2.2 percent to $24.29 a share, while Arch Coal fell 0.4 percent to $70.77. A spokesman for Peabody said the company would support a decision by Trump to withdraw from the Paris deal because the “accord is flawed on a number of levels.” Cloud Peak Energy Inc had also urged the Trump administration to stay in the Paris deal to prevent other nations from an aggressive turn against the global coal industry. Its shares were down 0.6 percent to $3.39. A spokesman for Cloud Peak declined to comment. A source briefed on the matter told Reuters that Trump is planning to follow through on his campaign pledge to pull the United States out of the Paris accord, a move designed to help boost domestic energy production and speed economic growth, after weeks of deliberations on the issue. Trump did not confirm the decision, but said he would make an announcement “over the coming days”. A US withdrawal would come over the objections of scores of big US corporations - from Wal-Mart to Exxon Mobil - worried the move will complicate the business landscape instead of bolstering the economy. “For us, our position on the Paris agreement... we need a framework like that to address the risks of climate change,” Exxon Mobil Chief Executive Officer Darren Woods told reporters on the sidelines of the company’s annual general meeting on Wednesday. Exxon had made that case in a recent letter to the White House, he said. Exxon dipped 0.7 percent, ConocoPhillips declined 0.2 percent, and Chevron Corp fell 0.6 percent. Crude oil prices fell to a three-week low on news that recovering Libyan output boosted OPEC crude output in May. Solar energy shares also got hit on Wednesday, with First Solar Inc down 2.5 percent, and SunPower Corp each down 3.4 percent. “Regardless of what the President decides on the accord, we expect America’s solar industry to continue to thrive and create jobs, boost the economy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions,” the Solar Energy Industries Association said in a statement. Shares of Tesla Inc, which recently acquired SolarCity, were up 1.8 percent at $341.01. Tesla CEO Elon Musk said in a Twitter post on Wednesday that he had done “all I can” to convince Trump to stay in the Paris accord, and threatened to leave White House advisory councils if Trump announces a US exit. Trump campaigned on a promise to unravel Obama-era climate regulations to help boost domestic oil, gas and coal production. Company executives, economists, and analysts have expressed skepticism, however, that his deregulatory agenda can alter existing trends away from coal. US carbon emissions have declined to near 30-year lows, a trend driven by increased natural gas use replacing coal. The VanEck Vectors Coal exchange-traded fund fell 1.2 percent to $12.71, not far from a five-month low hit earlier in May. The ETF is on track to fall 7.2 percent this month after rising in the first three months of the year as part of the so-called Trump trade. Daily Times Company Financials Investor Information Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Copyright © 2017 Daily Times
Police looking for Pascagoula mom missing since Wednesday - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2017 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Gibson Guitar 5K Job fair directory Mobile apps Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Investigates Andy's Consumer Tip of the Week SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News First Alert Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) First Alert: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast First Alert Traffic Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests Mid-South Heroes 90105 Connects.com Official Rules: Memphis Air Show Tickets About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Police looking for Pascagoula mom missing since Wednesday 2017-06-02T20:55:24Z2017-06-02T20:59:00Z By Lindsay Knowles, Producer Email Connect lknowles@wlox.com Billie Jean Harris, 24 (Photo source: Pascagoula Police Dept) Vehicle that Billie Jean Harris could be traveling in (Photo source: Pascagoula Police Dept) PASCAGOULA, MS (WLOX) - Police are investigating the disappearance of a young mother who has been missing since Wednesday, May 31. Officials say Billie Jean Harris, 24, was last seen around 4-5 p.m. at the Wal-Mart on Hwy. 90 in Pascagoula. Police say Harris left her 18-month-old child at her parents' house before going to the store. According to her family, Harris is a member of the U.S. Armed Forces and disappearing is totally out of character for her.  Pascagoula Police Department According to Pascagoula Police Department, this is currently being investigated as a missing persons case. However, police say detectives are finding red flags in their investigation, which could lead to the case being upgraded as new information is uncovered. Harris may be driving a gold 1997 Ford Escort with Mississippi tag number JIE657. Anyone with information on Harris' whereabouts is asked to contact Pascagoula Police Department at 228-762-2211. Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Gibson's Donuts celebrates National Donut Day with 400 dozen Gibson's Donuts celebrates National Donut Day with 400 dozen Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 11:42 PM EDT2017-06-03 03:42:11 GMT (Source: Pixabay) One of Memphis' favorite donut shops celebrated National Donut Day in style.More >> One of Memphis' favorite donut shops celebrated National Donut Day in style.More >> Lil Wayne to join Yo Gotti at Memphis Concert Lil Wayne to join Yo Gotti at Memphis Concert Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 11:41 PM EDT2017-06-03 03:41:19 GMT (Source: FedExForum) Rapper Lil Wayne will join local Memphis rapper Yo Gotti on stage at the FedExForum for the fifth annual Yo Gotti and Friends Birthday Bash on June 29.  More >> Rapper Lil Wayne will join local Memphis rapper Yo Gotti on stage at the FedExForum for the fifth annual Yo Gotti and Friends Birthday Bash on June 29. More >> Residents give free popsicles to MLGW workers, citizens, cleaning crews Residents give free popsicles to MLGW workers, citizens, cleaning crews Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 11:39 PM EDT2017-06-03 03:39:50 GMT (SOURCE: Facebook) Residents in East Memphis received a little bit of relief Friday from the heat, courtesy of some free popsicles. More >> Residents in East Memphis received a little bit of relief Friday from the heat, courtesy of some free popsicles. More >> 'Superhero' stops by McDonald's 'Superhero' stops by McDonald's Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 11:38 PM EDT2017-06-03 03:38:50 GMT (SOURCE: Justin Jones) It was National Superhero Day on Friday and superheroes are always on the job - but even superheroes need a snack.More >> It was National Superhero Day on Friday and superheroes are always on the job - but even superheroes need a snack.More >> Neighbors hope 'time to energize' is coming for 16K still without power Neighbors hope 'time to energize' is coming for 16K still without power Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 11:38 PM EDT2017-06-03 03:38:01 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) The latest round of storms Thursday caused additional problems for Memphis residents and crews working to turn on the lights for thousands. More >> The latest round of storms Thursday caused additional problems for Memphis residents and crews working to turn on the lights for thousands. More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Teen accidentally kills girlfriend while playing with graduation gift Teen accidentally kills girlfriend while playing with graduation gift Updated: Friday, June 2 2017 6:31 PM EDT2017-06-02 22:31:54 GMT Lucinda Luna (Source: Instagram) A man accidentally shot and killed his girlfriend in Arlington, according to Shelby County Sheriff’s Office.More >> A man accidentally shot and killed his girlfriend in Arlington, according to Shelby County Sheriff’s Office.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Saturday, June 3 , 2017, 12:01 am | Fog/Mist 60º Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest YouTube     MENU My Noozhawk Subscribe Text Alerts Hawks Club Submit Your News Contact Us Meet the Team About Noozhawk Advertise Sponsorship Application Terms of Use Privacy Policy Local News Local News Bill Macfadyen A.M. Report Archive Noozhawk Asks Emergency Preparedness Good for Santa Barbara Your Health Salute to Nurses News Grid News Releases Photo of the Day Locals Only Videos UCSB Special Reports Noozhawk Asks Emergency Preparedness Good for Santa Barbara Salute to Nurses El Niño Prescription for Abuse Safety Net Series Santa Barbara Challenge Missing Pets Obituaries Obituaries Submit an Obituary Noozhawk Asks Emergency Preparedness Good for Santa Barbara Your Health Your Health Health Videos Salute to Nurses Sports Sports Outdoors Allison Moehlis Outdoors Outdoors Capt. David Bacon Ray Ford Dennis Mammana Dan McCaslin Sports Carrie Wilson Business Business BizHawk Scott Campbell John Haan Sanford Horowitz Chris Jones Travis Logue Talking Law Connected Life Schools Schools ParentNooz Activity Listings Bill Cirone Dos Pueblos High School Charger Account Laguna Blanca School Fourth Estate San Marcos High School King's Page Santa Barbara High School Forge Santa Barbara High School MAD Academy ParentNooz ParentNooz Activity Listings First 5 Lee Littlewood Ben Romo Alana Walczak Multimedia Photo Galleries Locals Only Videos Nonprofits Nonprofits Good for Santa Barbara iSociety Ken Saxon Cynder Sinclair Sponsorship Application iSociety iSociety Good for Santa Barbara Nonprofits Sponsorship Application Homes & Lifestyle Homes & Lifestyle Weekly Home Showcase Lisa Amador Rona Barrett Brian Burke First 5 Judy Foreman Susan Miles Gulbransen Laurie Jervis Tara Jones Jim Langley Winifred Lender Collin McShirley Louise Palanker Donna Polizzi Ben Romo Tracy Shawn Karen Telleen-Lawton Alana Walczak Arts Cinema in Focus Jeff Moehlis Danny Tyree Calendar Opinions Opinions Letters to the Editor Bill Macfadyen Randy Alcorn Michael Barone Lou Cannon Joe Conason Veronique de Rugy Diane Dimond Will Durst Susan Estrich Ron Fink Christine Flowers Peter Funt Brian Goebel Joe Guzzardi David Harsanyi Tam Hunt Ken Macdonald Michelle Malkin Ron Paul Dick Polman Tom Purcell Ted Rall Mark Shields Susan Stamper Brown Jamie Stiehm Ken Williams Columnists Bill Macfadyen Randy Alcorn Lisa Amador Capt. David Bacon Rona Barrett Brian Burke Scott Campbell Lou Cannon Catholic Church of the Beatitudes Cinema in Focus Bill Cirone Joe Conason Veronique de Rugy Diane Dimond Will Durst Susan Estrich Ron Fink First 5 Christine Flowers Ray Ford Judy Foreman Peter Funt Brian Goebel Susan Miles Gulbransen Joe Guzzardi John Haan David Harsanyi Sanford Horowitz Tam Hunt Laurie Jervis Chris Jones Tara Jones Jim Langley Winifred Lender Lee Littlewood Travis Logue Ken Macdonald Michelle Malkin Dennis Mammana Dan McCaslin Collin McShirley Allison Moehlis Jeff Moehlis Louise Palanker Ron Paul Donna Polizzi Dick Polman Tom Purcell Ted Rall Ben Romo Ken Saxon Tracy Shawn Mark Shields Cynder Sinclair Susan Stamper Brown Jamie Stiehm Talking Law Karen Telleen-Lawton Danny Tyree Alana Walczak Ken Williams Carrie Wilson Home Local News Schools Sports Business Nonprofits Arts Homes & Lifestyle Your Health     Local News Vehicle Holds Trove of Evidence in Han Family Triple-Murder Case Search of suspect Pierre Haobsh’s red Lexus turned up alleged murder weapons and several items belong to victims, including cell phones A makeshift memorial was set up near the home where Dr. Henry Han and his family were killed last year. The preliminary hearing for the suspect in the case, Pierre Haobsh, completed its second day Thursday with focus on his car and items found inside, including the alleged murder weapons. (Tom Bolton / Noozhawk file photo) By Tom Bolton, Noozhawk Executive Editor | @tombol | June 1, 2017 | 11:34 p.m. Share on email Share on print Triple-murder suspect Pierre Haobsh’s legal fate may well turn on what detectives found inside his red Lexus the day he was arrested last year. Pierre Haobsh (Santa Barbara County Jail photo) A search of the 2013 IS 250 luxury sedan turned up a trove of evidence — including the alleged murder weapons and several items belonging to the victims — linking him to the killings of Santa Barbara physician Weidong “Henry” Han and his family. The bodies of Han, 57, his wife, Huijie “Jennie” Yu, 29, and their 5-year-old daughter, Emily, were discovered the evening of March 23, 2016, by Santa Barbara County sheriff’s deputies who were dispatched on a check-the-welfare call to their home at 4640 Greenhill Way near Goleta. Authorities had been alerted by business associates of Han after he missed a meeting with them. The three victims were found in the garage of the three-story home, wrapped in plastic and bound with duct tape. All three had died of gunshot wounds to the head, according to the Coroner’s Office. Haobsh, 27, had been driving the Lexus sedan on March 25 before being taken into custody at gunpoint at a gas station in Oceanside in San Diego County, according to testimony Thursday in Santa Barbara County Superior Court during the second day of his preliminary hearing. Detectives were tailing Haobsh and his father, Frederick Smith, shortly before his arrest, sheriff’s Senior Deputy Dennis Thomas testified. Thomas said he and other investigators followed Haobsh from Smith’s home on Sunglow Drive in Oceanside to a nearby Walmart store, where they observed Smith giving Haobsh two duffel bags. The pair, in separate vehicles, then drove to an Arco gas station a few miles away, where they were arrested by Oceanside police and Santa Barbara County deputies. Shortly after Haobsh was taken into custody, Thomas said, a loaded 9mm Glock handgun was found on the floor of his vehicle near the driver’s seat. It was packaged as evidence and taken for forensic examination, he testified. Evidence seals were placed on all of the Lexus’ doors, and the vehicle was transported by flat-bed tow truck to Santa Barbara County to be searched. Investigators made a methodical examination of the Lexus and its contents, according to sheriff’s Detective Patrick Genovese, and found the following items they believe are connected to the killings: » The previously mentioned 9mm Glock handgun and associated ammunition » A Ruger .22-caliber Mach III handgun and associated ammunition » What appeared to be a homemade noise suppressor or “silencer” for the weapons » A rose-colored iPhone that belonged to Jennie Yu » A gold iPhone that belonged to Han » A cell phone belonging to Haobsh » An iPad that belonged to Han » A diamond-studded gold Rolex watch » A copy of a memorandum of understanding between Han and Haobsh » A credit card in Han’s name » A gray soft-sided cooler that contained a variety of items, including Han’s wallet with his driver’s license; a .22-caliber shell casing and a live 9mm round; and a passport that belonged to Haobsh Also found in Haobsh’s vehicle was a receipt, dated March 20, 2016, from Home Depot in Oceanside. Among the items purchased, for a total of $290.33, were plastic sheeting, duct tape, a soldering kit and power tools. There also was a receipt for El Capitán campground that was time-stamped at 4:11 p.m. March 22. Sheriff’s Detective Matt Banks testified that he and other investigators traveled on March 28 to Tempe, Ariz., where the handguns and ammunition were purchased at American Firearms & Accessories. Haobsh paid $1,121 in cash for the Glock, the Ruger and associated ammunition, Banks testified, adding that the store did not sell silencers. He said that because the state of Arizona does not require a waiting-period for firearms purchases, Haobsh was able to leave the store with the newly purchased weapons. The transactions were captured by the store’s video surveillance system. Thursday’s final witness was sheriff’s Detective Anthony Kouremetis, who testified that on March 22, 2016, Haobsh rented a 24-foot truck from a Budget truck rental outlet in Tarzana. He said interviews with the owner and documents obtained from the business show that Haobsh rented the truck, plus 12 moving blankets and a dolly, at 4:01 p.m., and had returned the vehicle prior to the store reopening at 8 a.m. the next day. Records obtained from the business showed the truck had been driven 176 miles, Kouremetis testified, noting that the round trip from Tarzana to the Hans’ house would have been 162 miles. Prosecutors did not explain the significance of the truck rental on Thursday, but earlier testimony suggested Haobsh may have unsuccessfully tried to get a friend to help him dispose of the bodies before renting the truck. Earlier in the day, sheriff’s detectives testified about how they connected Haobsh to the triple-homicide case. The memorandum of understanding between Haobsh and Han was found in the Han family home’s master bedroom, where at least one of the victims apparently was killed. The document was signed by both men and dated March 22, 2016, and appeared to create a company called Obsidian Teradine LLC. The men had other business dealings together and worked with some of the same people in separate businesses, attorneys noted. Detectives looked into Haobsh and connected him to the Lexus, which was registered in Arizona. When investigators didn’t find the victims’ cell phones at the house, they had Verizon conduct “emergency pings” on Han’s and Yu’s devices to try to track their locations. Han’s was turned off and had last pinged in Camarillo on the night of March 23. Yu’s was still on, and pinged to Oceanside, detectives said. They also said they used a Facebook photo of Haobsh to try to gather leads in Santa Barbara, and the office manager at Han’s Santa Barbara Herb Clinic told detectives she had seen the man at the clinic on March 21 and 22. Following up on Home Depot-brand packaging found at the crime scene, detectives asked the store to search its receipt system for recent California purchases that included the plastic sheeting and duct tape. A receipt was found that matched, with an 8:58 a.m. March 20 purchase at the Oceanside store. The store also had surveillance photos and video of the purchaser, who appeared to be a white man pushing a cart. Retired veteran prosecutor Hilary Dozer and Senior Deputy District Attorney Benjamin Ladinig are handling the case for the District Attorney’s Office. Haobsh is represented by deputy public defenders Mindi Boulet and Christine Voss. The preliminary hearing was to resume Friday morning with testimony about the autopsy results from Coroner’s Office personnel. Judge Brian Hill is expected to decide by the end of the day whether Haobsh should be bound over for trial on the charges, which include three counts of first-degree murder and special allegations that the offenses were willful, premeditated and deliberate; committed by means of lying in wait; and committed for financial gain. If convicted, Haobsh could be eligible for the death penalty, although District Attorney Joyce Dudley has not yet indicated whether she will seek it. Noozhawk Managing Editor Giana Magnoli contributed to this report. — This story includes reporting from Noozhawk managing editor Giana Magnoli. Executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , and Magnoli at [email protected] . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook. Related Stories Pierre Haobsh to Stand Trial on Murder Charges in Han Family Triple-Homicide Case, June 2, 2017 Preliminary Hearing Offers View Into Santa Barbara Triple Homicide Case, May 31, 2017 Slain Doctor’s Santa Barbara Herb Clinic Reopening Under New Owner, April 25, 2017 Preliminary Hearing Set for Suspect in Santa-Barbara-Area Triple Homicide Case, March 7, 2017 Preliminary Hearing Date Delayed for Santa Barbara-Area Triple-Murder Suspect, November 15, 2016 Hearing Delayed for Suspect in Han Family Triple Murder Case, August 9, 2016 Dr. Henry Han’s Clinic Unwinds But Patients Have Other Options for Traditional Chinese Medicine, June 12, 2016 Triple-Murder Suspect Pleads Not Guilty in Santa Barbara Superior Court, May 5, 2016 Arraignment Delayed Again For Triple-Murder Suspect Pierre Haobsh, April 12, 2016 At Arroyo Burro Beach Memorial, Han Family Remembered for Attentiveness, Dedication, Generosity, April 3, 2016 Share on email Share on print Ask Vote Investigate Answer Noozhawk Asks: What’s Your Question? Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers. Here’s how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we’ll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic. We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk’s objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it. The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered. Thanks for asking! Click here to get started > Support Noozhawk Today You are an important ally in our mission to deliver clear, objective, high-quality professional news reporting for Santa Barbara, Goleta and the rest of Santa Barbara County. Join the Hawks Club today to help keep Noozhawk soaring. We offer four membership levels: $5 a month, $10 a month, $25 a month or $1 a week. Payments can be made through PayPal below, or click here for information on recurring credit-card payments. Thank you for your vital support. Red-Tailed Hawk : $5.00 USD - monthly Cooper's Hawk : $10.00 USD - monthly Red-Shouldered Hawk : $25.00 USD - monthly Birds of a Feather : $52.00 USD - yearly VIEW COMMENTS > Most Shared Latest Posts 1. Three San Marcos Athletes Advance to CIF State Finals - June 2, 2017 | 11:27 p.m. 2. Pierre Haobsh to Stand Trial on Murder Charges in Han Family Triple-Homicide Case - June 2, 2017 | 10:07 p.m. 3. Santa Barbara Police Declare Reported Fatal Mesa Hostage Situation a Hoax - June 2, 2017 | 8:40 p.m. 4. Orcutt Academy High’s Class of 2017 Embraces School Pride at Commencement - June 2, 2017 | 8:10 p.m. 5. American Heart Association Has a Ball in Raising Funds to Support Heart Health - June 2, 2017 | 5:35 p.m. Daily Noozhawk Subscribe to Noozhawk's A.M. Report, our free e-Bulletin sent out every day at 4:15 a.m. with Noozhawk's top stories, hand-picked by the editors. Sign Up Now > Facebook Noozhawk Homes Powered by Chicago Title and Fidelity National Title -- Weekly Home Showcase 770 Riven Rock Road, Montecito 93108 130 Morgan Lane, Carpinteria 93013   More Homes >     Home About Us What We Do Meet the Team Contact Us Want to Work? Hawks Club Terms of Use Privacy Policy Services Advertise Subscribe Text Alerts Donate Make Noozhawk Your Home Page Affiliates Authentically Local Dos Pueblos High School Charger Account Laguna Blanca School Fourth Estate San Marcos High School King's Page Contact Submit Your News Advertise Sponsorship Application Have a Question?     © Malamute Ventures LLC 2007-2017 | ISSN No. 1947-6086 Noozhawk is a founding member of the national Authentically Local project for independent online media. Site design and development by Hop Studios  
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} Build An Effective Finance Talent Agenda For Your Organization {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice With {{contrib_block.authors[0].blogName}} ADP ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe By Ben Gran Finding, recruiting and retaining the right finance talent is a constant challenge for finance leaders. But there are ways to create an effective talent agenda. According to The Wall Street Journal (WSJ), Charles Holley, former CFO of Wal-Mart and current CFO-in-Residence at Deloitte's CFO Program, has leaned toward adopting an "open-to-spend" policy on talent management in order to keep the finance team's skills relevant. Identifying, recruiting and developing people requires a CFO's time, but also the necessary organizational capital, according to the WSJ. ADP Ultimately, recruiting talent for the finance team is a matter of strategy. How can finance leaders use a talent agenda in order to keep up with the changing needs of the business, especially when balancing the other competing financial and structural priorities of the overall organization? Here are three key insights on how finance leaders' thinking can evolve to create a more robust and adaptable talent agenda for their finance teams. 1. Be Ready to Spend Finance leaders are known for their disciplined approach to spending, and for minding the bottom line on their balance sheets. But when recruiting and evaluating your finance team's skill sets, it helps to keep an open mind and be willing to spend when necessary to get the right people with the right skills on board. Top finance employees will tend to save much more money (or help generate more revenue) for your organization than they cost in compensation, so it's almost always worth it to commit to spending on the right people. 2. Adapt to Changing Times Today's environment for finance leaders is more dynamic than ever before, with many changes to the finance team's roles and responsibilities related to regulations, new technologies and more complex financial models. For those reasons, finance leaders need to be prepared to update their talent agenda constantly, keep pushing their teams to get outside their comfort zones by developing new capabilities and keep hiring the right people with relevant skills, even if an open position does not yet exist. Finance leaders should advocate for flexibility in hiring processes so they can get the right people on board to anticipate challenges before they arise. 3. Make Your Talent Agenda a Top Priority It's understandable, with all the competing priorities on their plate, that finance leaders might be tempted to make talent management a lower priority task. However, talent is so crucial to the finance team's future that the talent agenda needs to be a top priority for finance executives. Don't defer to HR — make sure that your talent recruitment, evaluation and retention efforts are highly specific to the needs of the finance team. Ultimately, recruiting talent for the finance team is a matter of strategy. If finance leaders can connect the talent agenda with the overall financial performance of the business, they can show other executives how hiring the right people for the finance team will help build shareholder value and keep the finance team relevant going forward. For more information and for more articles like this, visit adp.com/boost. Ben Gran is an award-winning blogger and writer specializing in financial services, entrepreneurship, technology, marketing, media trends, restaurants, and more. His work has been published by brands such as Eaton, PNC CFO, Quizzle, InsuranceQuotes.com and others. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle Samsung Galaxy Book: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets BeBop's Smart Fabric VR Gloves: Rubbing Fake Stuff Has Never Felt Better NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' What To Expect From Apple WWDC 2017: iOS, Siri Speaker And MacBooks The Best Fidget Spinner Has An Animated Cat Inside Mobile Researchers Used Rideshare Service To Test A Stingray-Detecting Device  Let's Take This iPhone Case All The Way To The US Supreme Court $70 Billion Has Been Earned On The App Store Since Launch The BlackBerry KeyOne Will Hit Australia Next Month Car Tech Why You Should Give Your Car A Shitty Paint Job This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of 'The Great Eight Phantoms' Is A London Exhibition Of Rolls-Royce Magnificence There's A DeLorean Up For Auction In Tasmania Online Behind The Scenes At Russia's State Propaganda Machine Facebook Really Wants You To Say 'Hello' To Your Friends Wollongong Is Getting 1Gbps Internet Plans For $130 A Month Tesla Fires Female Engineer Who Alleged Sexual Harassment And Wage Discrimination Science & Health Physicists Just Spotted Gravitational Waves Again, So What's Next? Nike-Funded Study Shows Compression Tights Are Basically Useless Dozens Of Cities And States Are Initiating Rogue One, Planning To Independently Rejoin The Paris Agreement  The Paris Agreement Is Not An Anti-American Conspiracy Cameras Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Computing Corsair Wants To Light Up Your Life Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Eyes On With Asus's Insane New Ultra-Wide Gaming Monitor Monitors With Everything Are Coming Gaming Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games 20 T-Rexes Fighting 10,000 Chickens Is All I Ever Wanted In A Jurassic Park Sequel Of Course the New Star Trek RPG Comes In A Borg Cube Box Entertainment Watch These NSFW Deadpool Bloopers While We Wait For The Sequel There's Some Confusion As To When A Wonder Woman Sequel Would Be Set Beauty And The Beast Deleted Scene Reveals One Very Unlucky Servant Got Turned Into A Toilet The Flash Might Have Found Its Next Big Bad Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment What To Expect From Apple WWDC 2017: iOS, Siri Speaker And MacBooks The Paris Agreement Is Not An Anti-American Conspiracy B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Companies Think President Trump's Withdrawal From The Paris Accord Is Stupid Matt Novak Jun 3, 2017, 7:00am ⋅ Filed to:  apple climate agreement climate change donald trump google jack dorsey mark cuban paris accord president trump tim cook video feature Share President Donald Trump stood up in front of the world yesterday and withdrew the United States from the Paris Accord, a global agreement to combat climate change. The agreement had nearly universal support, but Trump said withdrawing is good for American business. But American business leaders disagree. President Donald Trump demonstrates for the cameras how little thought he gave to withdrawing the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images) CEOs from companies in practically every sector of American life issued statements yesterday denouncing Trump's decision. Business leaders such as Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney CEO Robert Iger even signalled that this was the last straw, and announced that they'd no longer act as advisers to the US president. Even before Trump's decision yesterday, the Paris Accord had broad support in the business community. On 26 April 2017 a group of companies wrote an open letter to the president, asking him to stay in the agreement. Companies as diverse as Walmart and DuPont and Intel all signed the letter. Even energy companies like ExxonMobil, Shell and Chevron also implored Trump not to drop the Paris Accord in the lead up to yesterday's announcement from the White House Rose Garden. But he didn't listen. Members of the Trump regime clap along like subservient children as President Donald Trump announces America's withdrawal from the Paris Accord (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) Below we have a list of the companies that have thus far reacted directly to Trump's decision. We can only imagine that this list will continue to grow in the coming weeks. Twenty years from now, we have no idea what the defining moment of Trump's shameful presidency will be. But with climate change already impacting the world in disastrous ways, his decision to needlessly shun the environment should at least crack the top 10. But who knows? Trump still has so much time to inflict very real damage on both the United States and the rest of the world — a world that increasingly sees America as a joke that elected a neo-fascist reality TV star as its president. Donald Trump, Peter Thiel and Tim Cook, chief executive officer of Apple during a meeting with technology executives at Trump Tower, 14 December 2016 (Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images) Apple "We power nearly all of our operations with renewable energy, which we believe is an example of something that's good for our planet and makes good business sense as well," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement. "We will keep working toward the ambitious goals of a closed-loop supply chain, and to eventually stop mining new materials altogether. Of course, we're going to keep working with our suppliers to help them do more to power their businesses with clean energy. And we will keep challenging ourselves to do even more." Co-founder and CEO of Box Aaron Levie speaks on stage on 10 November 2015 in New York City (Photo by Brad Barket/Getty Images for Fast Company) Box "Trump believes everything is a negotiation. But America's reputation and trust around the world can't be negotiated, it's earned. Or lost," tweeted Box CEO Aaron Levie. CEO of Cargill David MacLennan speaks at the 2016 Concordia Summit on 20 September 2016 in New York City (Photo by Bryan Bedder/Getty Images for Concordia Summit) Cargill "Signing the accord means being a champion for US economic growth and job creation," Cargill CEO David MacLennan told the Financial Times. "If the US exits international accords like the Paris agreement it will negatively impact trade, economic vitality, the state of our environment and relationships among the world community." Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban on 19 October 2016 in Las Vegas, Nevada (Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images) Dallas Mavericks "Sorry. It hurts to see this coming from a foreign leader and not our @potus. He just trolled our entire country," tweeted Mark Cuban, referring to a tweet from French president Emmanuel Macron. pic.twitter.com/3g5LYO9Osj — Emmanuel Macron (@EmmanuelMacron) June 1, 2017 CEO of the Walt Disney Company, Bob Iger attends the 'Beauty And The Beast' New York Screening at Alice Tully Hall at Lincoln Center on 13 March 2017 in New York City (Photo by Mike Coppola/Getty Images) Disney "As a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal," tweeted Disney CEO Robert Iger. Facebook Founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg delivers the commencement address at the Alumni Exercises at Harvard's 366th commencement exercises on 25 May 2017 (Photo by Paul Marotta/Getty Images) Facebook "Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement is bad for the environment, bad for the economy, and it puts our children's future at risk," Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg said in a statement. "For our part, we've committed that every new data center we build will be powered by 100% renewable energy. Stopping climate change is something we can only do as a global community, and we have to act together before it's too late." Jeff Immelt, Chairman and CEO of General Electric, left, talks with Medal of Honour recipient Major General James Everett Livingston during a question and answer session at the National World War II Museum in New Orleans, Tuesday, 23 April 2013 (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert) General Electric "Disappointed with today's decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government," tweeted General Electric CEO James Immelt. Lloyd Blankfein speaks onstage at the Fortune Most Powerful Women Summit 2016 at Ritz-Carlton Laguna Niguel on 18 October 2016 in Dana Point, California. (Photo by Joe Scarnici/Getty Images for Fortune) Goldman Sachs "Today's decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world. #ParisAgreement," tweeted Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Bankfein. Google CEO Sundar Pichai delivers the keynote address at the Google I/O 2017 Conference at Shoreline Amphitheater on 17 May 2017 in Mountain View, California (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Google "Disappointed with today's decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all," tweeted Google CEO Sundar Pichai. IBM CEO Virginia Marie 'Ginni' Rometty (R) during a roundtable discussion on vocational training with United States and German business leaders lead in the Cabinet Room of the White House on 17 March 2017 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Pat Benic-Pool/Getty Images) IBM "IBM today is reaffirming its support for the Paris Climate Agreement and stating clearly how we will continue our decades-long work to lower greenhouse gas emissions. Our call for an international agreement on this issue is more than a decade old, and we first voiced our support for the Paris Agreement in 2015 when it was negotiated," said IBM in a statement. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich is interviewed on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, 13 March 2017. Intel will buy Israel's Mobileye in a deal valued at about $US15 billion ($20 billion), instantly propelling the computer chip and technology giant to the forefront of autonomous vehicle technology. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Intel "We operate in a global economy, and if we're not part of the global agreement on climate we are susceptible to retaliation through border taxes and other [measures]," global director of environment and energy policy at Intel, Stephen Harper, told the Financial Times. Brad Smith addresses shareholders during Microsoft Shareholders Meeting 3 December 2014 in Bellevue, Washington (Photo by Stephen Brashear/Getty Images) Microsoft "We're disappointed with the decision to exit the Paris Agreement. Microsoft remains committed to doing our part to achieve its goals," tweeted Microsoft president Brad Smith. Chief Executive Officer of Nike, Inc, Mark Parker speaks during the Nike Innovation For Everybody Unveiling at Skylight at Moynihan Station on 16 March 2016 in New York City. (Photo by Mike Coppola/Getty Images) Nike "We are deeply disappointed by the recent shift in climate policy. Nike believes that climate change is a serious global threat and that the world will need to radically redesign industrial systems and economies in order to enable a low-carbon growth economy," Nike said in a statement. "We will continue to honour the core commitments of the American Business Act on Climate Change Pledge, including reaching 100 per cent renewable energy in all Nike-owned or -operated facilities around the world by 2025, participating in the U.S. Department of Energy's Better Buildings Challenge and advancing materials innovation globally." Marc Benioff, CEO of Salesforce, speaks at the GLAAD Gala at Metreon on 8 September 2016 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images for GLAAD) Salesforce "Deeply disappointed by President's decision to withdraw from Paris Agreement. We will double our efforts to fight climate change," tweeted Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff. Elon Musk with Donald Trump and Steve Bannon in February 2017 (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) Tesla "Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," tweeted Tesla and SpaceX founder Elon Musk. CEO of Twitter and Square Jack Dorsey accepts the award for CEO of the Year onstage during the Thurgood Marshall College Fund 28th Annual Awards Gala at Washington Hilton on 21 November 2016 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Teresa Kroeger/Getty Images for Thurgood Marshall College Fund) Twitter "This is an incredibly shortsighted move backwards by the federal government. We're all on this planet together and we need to work together," tweeted Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey. Comments Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Rae Johnston 02 Jun 2017 8:15 AM Before the news of Donald Trump's decision to exit the Paris Climate agreement broke, we heard the opinions of several leading experts in climate science about what exactly it would mean if the US pulled out of the global deal. Here's what they had to say. The Climate Deniers Have Won Sidney Fussell 02 Jun 2017 6:00 AM At President Trumps' behest, the US is joining Syria and Nicaragua in abdicating from the Paris Agreement, a coalition of 147 nations to combat climate change by reducing carbon emissions. While Trump faced heavy international pressure to remain within the agreement, from the Pope during his trip to the Vatican, China's President Xi and European leaders during the G7 summit, the GOP overwhelmingly opposed Paris from the get-go. EPA head Scott Pruitt has long argued that the United States' emissions reduction goal under Paris weakened the US economy. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn App Development Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Trending Articles 1 What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision 2 The Climate Deniers Have Won 3 Physicists Just Spotted Gravitational Waves Again, So What's Next? Researchers Used Rideshare Service To Test A Stingray-Detecting Device  Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games BeBop's Smart Fabric VR Gloves: Rubbing Fake Stuff Has Never Felt Better Spidey Battles Scorpion In The First Footage From The New Spider-Man Cartoon Pirates Say Rime's DRM Slows Down The Game, But Denuvo Denies It Valve Announces $US100 Steam Direct Fee For Indie Games One Year Later, Did Nintendo Keep Their E3 2016 Promises? Confused About Changes To School Funding? Here's What You Need To Know How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android Get 12 Linux And Open Source eBooks For $US15 In Humble's Book Bundle The Benefits And Risks Of Lucid Dreaming Take an inside look at the US offices of Facebook, Twitter, and 9 more high-profile employers 4 books that show how radically different the planet could look by the end of the century Trump reportedly signals he won't try to block James Comey's testimony Eerie never-before-seen photos from inside one of Chicago's abandoned malls © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
