Tuesday, April 11, 2017 Latest PDF issue  |  Give to the Voice  |  Search Home News Sports More Etcetera Advertising Classifieds Contact Home News Sports Viewpoints Etcetera Advertising Classifieds Contact Twitter Facebook As some big stores close, UWRF professors urge looking for opportunities By Zach Bares Falcon News Service April 10, 2017 Several large retail stores around the region have closed in recent years or are undergoing major restructuring because of shifting consumer needs. Business and marketing departments at UW-River Falls are aware of the changing landscape and are teaching adaptation. There are a few reasons for the recent spike in store closings, according to Michael Fronmueller, chair of the UWRF business and economics department. The first reason is it’s the time of what Fronmueller calls the wheel of retailing. Small, independent retail stores turn into larger ones and then some people decide that’s not for them anymore. “People say this is getting impersonal. I’m not getting the service that I want or I’m not getting the specific personalized attention that I want,” Fronmueller said. Consumers are looking for one of two things. They either want cheaper prices or they want a satisfying experience. Fronmueller used the company Wal-Mart as an example. “They have found their price niche,” Fronmueller explained. Most people don’t expect to find a ton of customer service when they enter a Wal-Mart, he said, but they always expect low prices and in that area, Wal-Mart has succeeded. UWRF professor Ozcan Kilic specializes in management and marketing, and he agreed that purchasing habits have changed. “There are so many different ways for companies to reach customers now,” Kilic said. Companies now have to really define their target market and figure out the best way to attract those customers. Kilic said that younger generations have become much more likely to purchase products online, so companies have adapted. “Nike now allows people to try on sneakers online through one of their mobile apps,” Kilic said. UWRF offers a direct marketing course, and Kilic said he thinks it gives a good base for what companies do. “The main purpose of direct marketing is to create an immediate response. There are five venues,” Kilic said. The five different venues for contacting consumers are mail, catalog, email, telemarketing and online marketing. However, companies can only employ these strategies after figuring out their target market. Target markets are identified by analyzing demographics, where the industry sits in terms of demand and people ready to purchase, and industry competition. Fronmueller said that understanding customer needs should be the first priority of any company. Market research also is important. “It’s about balancing creativity and watching what others are doing to be successful,” Fronmueller said. Even though it may seem as though the opportunities are decreasing, it’s actually an exciting time to be going into business, he said. “Individuals based on their particular interest can be very successful,” Fronmueller said. Students, or anyone, going into business must understand that customer needs are always changing and they need to be ready to adapt. The same trends that can be seen in the United States are happening globally as well. “People in South Korea have become so busy that they can order their groceries on their phone and when they get home from work, it’s there waiting for them on their front step,” Kilic said. Kilic, whose home country is Turkey, said that he’s amazed at the similarities when he travels back and forth between the countries. The opportunities are endless, he said, but people just have to find them. Tweet Comments Note: Commenting closes 14 days after the original post. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertise in the Student Voice. Special rates for on-campus departments and student organizations! Click for more information. Place a free classified in the Student Voice. UW-River Falls students, faculty and staff may place free online classified ads! Click for more information. Tweets by @uwrfvoice Most popular this week George Orwell novel ‘1984’ still relevant in 2015 Lord Huron’s ‘Strange Trails’ is an unforgettable indie folk album This year’s Finals Fest looks to top past years Women’s lacrosse at UW-River Falls may become varsity sport UWRF Student Senate passes resolution opposing ‘opt-out’ option for paying allocable segregated fees Spring break benefits students In midst of boycott, UWRF hockey players reject chance to play in world championships Ask Colleen: The flirty male friend Easter eggs represent Christian metaphor Student Senate Update: 4/4/17 Index Advertising Awards Classifieds Contact us Etcetera News PDF archive RSS Sports Viewpoints © 2005-2017 Student Voice The Student Voice is the student-run newspaper of the University of Wisconsin-River Falls. It is published weekly during fall and spring semesters. Contact us at info@uwrfvoice.com or Student Voice, University of Wisconsin-River Falls, 410 S. Third St., 304 North Hall, River Falls, WI 54022. Recent comments Cheryl and Pat Sibley (grand parent's ) on UWRF senior caps women’s ice hockey season with best player award: It was a great 4 years, we love watching Dani and her team mates they are a great group of… Holly Hanson on UWRF officials question governor’s proposal to track faculty time: Hi! Would it be possible for us (uwrf students) to write a letter to the Governor, supporting our professors? They… Michelle Faye Landham (Sorensen) on Athlete of the Week: Colton Sorensen: Congratulations Colton! I'm so proud of you. Keep up the good work. Joe Paul on Student involvement in campus newspapers has its benefits, should be seen as a priority: Nice Job Melanie! They should hire people like you for the student voice! Around the area WRFW Campus radio station broadcasting from North Hall. River Falls Journal Weekly community newspaper published by RiverTown Newspaper Group. Metro traffic Road and traffic conditions reported by the Minnesota Department of Transportation. UW-River Falls Official site of the University of Wisconsin-River Falls. Prologue UWRF's student literary and arts publication, distributed during spring semester. Download PDF Download the latest Student Voice (PDF, 1.2 MB). Archive »
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer looks 'outside the mall' for these 2 retail leaders Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer looks at 2 retail leaders    7 Hours Ago | 03:37 Retail is a bad business to be in with the rise of e-commerce giant Amazon, but Jim Cramer still has faith in some household names that could end up winners of the brick-and-mortar game. Despite last week's retail bounce, mall-based retailers have been struggling the most. Macy's and JC Penney each have plans to shutter over 100 stores and gave weak 2017 guidance. Nordstrom's revenues missed expectations. Same-store sales are declining across the board. "If you want to find any real retail winners, you need to look outside the box and outside the mall," the "Mad Money" host said. First, Cramer turned to Kohl's, a discount retailer with more locations in strip malls and outlet centers than traditional malls. Watch the full segment here: show chapters Cramer looks 'outside the mall' for these 2 retail leaders    8 Hours Ago | 09:14 While its same-store sales have slumped and 2017 guidance is subpar, like the rest of the category, Cramer said the department store chain has a geographic advantage. "The fact that Kohl's isn't dependent on the mall — instead, the stores are generally located in the kind of retail hubs that can still generate traffic — that's a giant positive," he said. Cramer added that the company started a $2 billion share-buyback program last November, a major plus considering its $6.9 billion market cap and over 172 million outstanding shares. Kohl's has also been keeping its inventories lean, and is beginning to see its multi-billion-dollar digital technology investments pay off. Cramer lauded its move to start selling Under Armour products, saying that adding more popular brands to the racks could boost business further. "It wouldn't shock me if Kohl's can actually turn itself around, and in the meantime the company's paying you a handsome 5.5% yield to wait," Cramer said. Or take Wal-Mart, a massive multinational retailer and one of the only names in the space delivering true same-store sales growth, at least according to its February earnings report. Not only is Wal-Mart chasing the e-commerce trend via its recent acquisition of Jet.com, but Cramer believes that the company has "the best balance sheet in the space" and is one of the best-positioned retailers to handle a possible border adjustment tax. "Even though I don't think the border tax idea that Congress keeps pushing is a serious possibility, in the unlikely event that I'm wrong and it does happen, Wal-Mart's maybe one of the few, if not the only, retailer that could handle it — the company claims that it only imports about a third of its goods, as opposed to 97 percent of all apparel and 90 percent of all electronics," the "Mad Money" host said. And Cramer has faith that Wal-Mart's stock is still far from its peak. "I could actually see Wal-Mart inching toward its old high of $90, up from $73 here, because of better management and superior pricing," Cramer said. "Now, it would be a lengthy, multi-year journey, but I have to tell you, with Wal-Mart, you've had a bit of a sell-off. I think you've got to do some buying." So while all of retail rebounded on Thursday, Cramer urges caution. "I don't want to fool ourselves here," he said. "It's just too hard to offset the Amazon effect there, which is why I'd prefer to go with non-mall based plays like Wal-Mart, Kohl's, the outstanding Burlington Stores, or TJX, all of which could be winners for the patient among you." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AMZN --- KSS --- WMT --- BURL --- TJX --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Toggle navigation Brand Text Home Archives Special Reports Daily News Daily News By State Trucking Biz Buzz Magazine Issues Election Coverage FAST Act Search Digital Edition Blog Tandem Thoughts Blog Important Info Legislative Watch Federal Calls to Action Industry Calendar Join/Subscribe Join OOIDA Subscribe/Renew Unsubscribe from Magazine Daily eNews Signup Unsubscribe from eNews Other Sites OOIDA Land Line Now OOIDA Truck Insurance TRACER System OOIDA Foundation OOIDA PAC Fighting For Truckers OOIDA Online Education Industry Links Contact Us Contact Us Advertiser Info Address Change Search Wal-Mart seeks to overturn $54 million trucker wage verdict By Mark Schremmer, Land Line staff writer | Monday, April 10, 2017 Wal-Mart argued April 7 in the U.S. Court for the Northern District of California that a $54 million verdict against the company should be overturned. In November 2016, a federal jury ruled that Wal-Mart failed to pay hundreds of its truck drivers at least minimum wage for pre- and post-trip inspections, 10-minute rest breaks and 10-hour layovers. Attorneys for Wal-Mart contended that there wasn’t a legally sufficient basis for the jury’s verdict. Specifically, Wal-Mart said the jury used the calculations of Dr. G. Michael Phillips even though Phillips said he did not “have any opinion about whether any class members performed any activities for which they were not compensated.” “The most striking example underscores the conflict: Three named Plaintiffs testified they did not take rest breaks, yet the jury awarded them the exact amount of allegedly unpaid wages for rest breaks that Plaintiffs’ economist, Dr. Phillips, said they should get,” Wal-Mart wrote in support of its motion on March 15. “And while the rest break evidence is particularly egregious, the same problem plagues Dr. Phillips’ calculations of layover and pre- and post-trip inspection damages. For this verdict to stand, the Court must ignore this sworn testimony concerning these drivers’ individual experiences, and instead accept Dr. Phillips’ speculation as true.” Wal-Mart also argued that it shouldn’t be required to pay for layovers, because the drivers weren’t required to remain in their trucks. The company cited several references to drivers eating, shopping or watching TV during their layover. “Wal-Mart maintains that judgment should be entered in its favor, because the undisputed evidence shows that drivers earned more than the minimum wage in each hour worked,” attorneys for the company wrote. Wal-Mart’s truck drivers are paid by the mile and not by the hour. Spokesperson Randy Hargrove previously said that its company’s drivers earn from approximately $80,000 to more than $100,000 per year. The lawsuit was originally filed in 2008. Attorneys for the more than 800 drivers in the class were seeking $72 million in damages. Copyright © OOIDA Comments Advertiser Info Archives Special Reports Daily News Daily News By State Trucking Biz Buzz Magazine Archive OOIDA in the News Election Coverage Blogs Tandem Thoughts Blog Important Info Legislative Watch Federal Calls to Action Industry Calendar Join/Subscribe Join OOIDA Subscribe/Renew Unsubscribe from Magazine Daily eNews Signup Unsubscribe from eNews Other Sites OOIDA Land Line Now OOIDA Truck Insurance TRACER System OOIDA Foundation OOIDA PAC OOIDA Online Education Industry Links Contact Us Contact Us Advertiser Info Address Change Copyright © 2017 OOIDA Privacy Policy | Copyright 1-800-444-5791 | (816) 229-5791 1 NW OOIDA Dr | PO Box 1000 Grain Valley, MO 64029
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Trump to meet US business leaders on infrastructure, tax reform: source By admin in Uncategorized April 10, 2017 WASHINGTON: U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives Tuesday including heads of General Motors Co , International Business Machines Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc as he works to gain support for a US$1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reform and other administration priorities, a government official briefed on the matter said.Trump has pledged to unlock US$1 trillion in private and public infrastructure investments to fix bridges, improve the electrical grid and broadband internet, modernize airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans. Nearly three months after his inauguration, Trump will again seek the advice and funds of the private sector for his “national rebuilding” program.White House spokesman Sean Spicer confirmed the meeting and the small group sessions, but did not immediately disclose the CEOs.Trump also wants to streamline the income tax system, cut federal regulations, reduce corporate income tax and add new taxes to prod companies to keep or move production to the United States.The chief executives are part of Trump’s “Strategy and Policy Forum” that was created in December and last met with the president on Feb. 3.The business leaders from a variety of sectors will also meet in small groups with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and White House budget director Mick Mulvaney, Spicer said. The CEOs will present a report to Trump.Participants in Ross’ meeting include Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon and Indra Nooyi, chief executive officer of PepsiCo Inc . Pruitt’s meeting will include GM CEO Mary Barra and Paul Atkins, CEO of Patomak Global Partners LLC and a Republican former SEC commissioner. Chao’s meeting will include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk.BlackRock CEO Larry Fink, who heads the world’s largest investment management firm, in a letter to shareholders… Post navigation Boeing Dreamliner cost to drop US$2-US$3 million per plane from 3-D printed titanium IMF, WTO, OECD vow to defend free trade against protectionism Search for: Recent Posts Aerial view of Medog highway in SW China’s Tibet Not Akshay Kumar, but Shah Rukh Khan was the first choice for Salman Khan-Karan Johar’s next! Next-gen Ford Focus ST to ditch 2,0-litre engine? Meet the family: entire new VW Golf range on show IPL 2016: Glenn Maxwell completes 1000 runs in Indian Premier League Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Trump to meet U.S. business leaders on infrastructure, tax reform Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States FRB | Mon Apr 10, 2017 | 4:34pm EDT Trump to meet U.S. business leaders on infrastructure, tax reform By David Shepardson | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives on Tuesday as he works to gain support for a $1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reform and other administration priorities, said White House spokesman Sean Spicer. Trump will meet with the heads of General Motors Co, International Business Machines Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc, a government official briefed on the matter said. Trump has pledged to unlock $1 trillion in private and public infrastructure investments to fix bridges, improve the electrical grid and broadband internet, modernize airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans. Nearly three months after his inauguration, Trump will again seek the advice and funds of the private sector for his "national rebuilding" program. Trump also wants to streamline the income tax system, cut federal regulations, reduce corporate income tax and add new taxes to prod companies to keep or move production to the United States. He has held numerous sessions with CEOs since taking office. The chief executives are part of Trump's "Strategy and Policy Forum" that was created in December and last met with the president on Feb. 3. The business leaders from a variety of sectors will also meet in small groups with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and White House budget director Mick Mulvaney, Spicer said. Participants in Ross' meeting include Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon and Indra Nooyi, chief executive officer of PepsiCo Inc . Pruitt's meeting will include GM CEO Mary Barra and Paul Atkins, CEO of Patomak Global Partners LLC and a Republican former SEC commissioner. Chao's meeting will include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk. BlackRock CEO Larry Fink, who heads the world's largest investment management firm, in a letter to shareholders Monday backed calls for private investment to rebuild U.S. infrastructure. The Trump administration plans to unveil as soon as May the $1 trillion infrastructure plan over 10 years. "Fixing crumbling roads and bridges is not enough. We need to be focused on reshaping our world, not just repairing it," Fink wrote. Last week, Trump pitched infrastructure projects to about 50 New York area CEOs. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn told executives that privatizing air traffic control, which the administration proposed in its budget outline in March, could be a big boost. Other chief executives taking part Tuesday include consultant EY, Boston Consulting Group, the Cleveland Clinic and Global Infrastructure Partners, an infrastructure investment fund. Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In FRB Investors flee risk assets as geopolitical tensions heat up SINGAPORE Asian stocks fell on Tuesday as the political tinderbox in the Middle East and the Korean Peninsula added to uncertainty over the looming French vote, pushing nervous investors into safer assets such as the yen and Treasuries. RPT-Turkey's referendum unlikely to kickstart long-stalled reforms * Ruling AKP says referendum would allow it to speed up reform MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
News E-edition Subscribe Sign in Daily Sun News Jump to content Home News Web exclusive Agriculture Briefs Business Education Government Local Police and Fire Local Links Sports High School Recreation Youth Opinion Editorials Polls Commentary Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Community Entertainment People Health & Fitness Home & Garden Religion Weddings & Engagements Obituaries and Births Obituaries & Death Notices Births Events Today's events Submit an event Media Photos Videos Galleries Our Valley Buy photos Classifieds Search ads Place ad Classifieds login Special Sections Contact Us Subscribe E-edition Contact the Daily Sun Staff Listing News Tips Letter to the Editor Anniversary Engagement Wedding Upvote 0 Toddler’s family benefit raises funds More than $2,000 collected by dairies, police Photo by Julia Hart Lower Valley Memorial Gardens Devon Abrams and Kristen Broersma add donations collected Saturday. By Julia Hart Monday, April 3, 2017 Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter SUNNYSIDE  The death of a small child in a local shopping center parking lot last month continues to resonate with many residents. That was evidenced by the number of people who left donations at the Dairy Farmers of Washington booth, outside Walmart store Saturday morning. “This just hits too close to home,” Walmart shopper Bree Slegers of Sunnyside said, adding her little girl, Tori, is about the same age as 18-month-old Isabella Orozco, who died after being struck by a pick up March 10 in front of the store. A late Saturday afternoon estimate was that more than $2,000 was collected for the toddler’s family “Anyone who is a parent can feel for this family’s loss,” Dairy Farmers of Washington spokesman Jeff Steele said. Steele, along with local dairyman Tony Veiga, organized the fundraiser in partnership with the Sunnyside Police Department and Walmart store employees. It was near a memorial at the store’s front entrance. “We all can relate to the hurt this family must be feeling,” Steele said. “Organizing this event was the right thing to do. “It’s important for the family to know the community has empathy for them,” Steele said. “People have been very supportive with food and cash donations for the Orozco family,” Sunnyside Police Officer Melissa Rivas said. She said it also appeared as though families were “…hanging onto their kids tighter” while walking to and from the store entrance. Rivas was on hand to lend support to the fundraiser. While she couldn’t say just how the family is currently coping she would say “...we know the family has needs.” Rivas said it appeared motorists drove more slowly through the parking lot. Tim Morris of Lower Valley Memorial Gardens and his staff joined in the effort. Morris and crew traveled throughout the parking lot encouraging shoppers to support the family “They are a nice little family and we just want to do something to help,” Morris said. Veiga said the donations will be distributed to the family by Walmart employees. More like this story Event to remember crash fatality Orozco fundraiser tops $3,000 mark Toddler dies after being hit by pickup Toddler laid to rest Local man heading state dairy federation Comments Comments are subject to moderator review and may not appear immediately on the site. Please read our commenting policy before posting. Any comment violating the site's commenting guidelines will be removed and the user could be banned from the site. Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Sign in to comment Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email > 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Hot Jobs View all listings FULL TIME INSIDE SALES/CUSTOMER SERVICE MABTON SCHOOL DISTRICT #120 $6,000 SIGN-ON BONUS PRESTIGE CARE & REHAB at SUNNYSIDE REGISTERED NURSE Mobile version Tablet version Sunnyside Daily Sun News 600 S. 6th St., P.O. Box 878 Sunnyside, WA 98944 Ph. 509-837-4500 - Fax 509-837-6397 Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Eagle Newspapers, Inc. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The end of scouring the supermarket shelves: Walmart developing in-store drone that can bring your shopping to you Walmart patent describes using drones to transport items around the store Workers attach items to the drone and it could use 3D mapping to find drop-off Also suggested using a close circuit that drones follow to its destination Drones would fly over shelves in order to keep a safe distance from customers  By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 16:41 EDT, 10 April 2017 | Updated: 16:51 EDT, 10 April 2017 e-mail 37 shares 10 View comments While Amazon works towards unleashing drones in the sky, Walmart is looking to use them in its stores. The Arkansas-based firm has been granted a patent for in-store drones that would transport items from one department to another. It has been suggested that the system would ‘greatly improve the customer experience’ by saving visitors trips across the massive facilities to fetch items or from having to wait for an employee to return with their desired merchandise. Scroll down for videos  Walmart has been granted a patent for in-store drones that would transport items from one department to another. A human worker receives a request from a customer, via a ‘display screen or as a text message’, who then attaches the item to the drone HOW DOES IT WORK?   A human worker would receive a request from a customer via a ‘display screen or as a text message’ and would then attach the item to the drone. The patent highlights a few methods for getting the drone from point A to point B.  A central computer system could be designed to direct the drone to the drop-off point Another example suggested using a closed circuit that the drones follow from start to finish. Regardless of the approach, that patent explains that the drone would fly to the drop-off point with merchandise in tow and release the items once it arrives. The patent describes fitting the drones with ‘one or more on-board sensors’ that would help it detect obstacles in its flightpath. And it could also use GPS and three-dimensional mapping to find its way around the store.  The patent, entitled ‘Method to carry an item within a retail shopping facility’ was filed in September 2016 and first reported by Fortune. Amazon has had its sight set on Walmart for quite some time – as it aims to take its seat as the king of retailing. However, Walmart appears to be taking a page from the e-commerce giant and utilizing drones to improve customer experience. The process would first start with a request from a customer, which is sent to a human worker via a ‘display screen or as a text message’, who then attaches the item to the drone. The patent highlights a few methods for getting the drone from point A to point B.  A central computer system could be designed to direct the drone to the drop-off point Another example suggested using a closed circuit that the drones follow from start to finish. Regardless of the approach, that patent explains that the drone would fly to the drop-off point with merchandise in tow and release the items once it arrives. 'The waiting customer can then be provided with access to the delivered item of inventory,’ according to the patent. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The 'Pink moon' set to light up the sky: April's full moon... Iceland to begin radical experiment to produce geothermal... Minecraft to get its own currency: Coins will allow players... UK wind farms could be paid to switch OFF their turbines... Share this article Share 37 shares ‘The departing airborne drone can be directed to another similar task if desired, or tasked in some other regards, or directed to a staging area to await a new task and/or to recharge its on-board batteries’. The patent describes fitting the drones with ‘one or more on-board sensors’ that would help it detect obstacles in its flightpath. A central computer system could be designed to direct the drone to the drop-off point Another example suggested using a closed circuit that the drones follow from start to finish. Regardless of the approach, that patent explains that the drone would fly to the drop-off point with merchandise in tow and release the items once it arrives And it could also use GPS and three-dimensional mapping to find its way around the store.  Walmart has also thought of a safe method to keep the drones from buzzing over its customers’ heads. The firm has suggested laying out designated flightpaths over shelves instead of aisles, which the firm believes will ‘provide an increased feeling of security for those below’. Walmart has also proposed using windows for the drones to fly through while moving between the public retail sales area and the non-public item storage area. The patent describes fitting the drones with ‘one or more on-board sensors’ that would help it detect obstacles in its flightpath. And it could also use GPS and three-dimensional mapping to find its way around the store (stock photo) ‘By one approach such a window 208 is at least twice the width of the wingspan of the airborne drone 212 and at least four times as high as the airborne drone,’ reads the patent. ‘Other dimensions may be appropriate in application settings having particular items to be carried and/or cargo-carrying fixtures that prompt or necessitate other dimensions.’ Although the technology could bring Walmart more up to speed with technology, many patents go unused and are just a way to keep others from developing the technology. However, the patent is not the first evidence suggesting Walmart plans to join the drone race. AMAZON'S 30-MINUTE SERVICE  The firm said its drones will deliver packages 30 minutes or less while flying at speeds of 50 mph. It is understood Amazon will use 'highly automated' drones equip with GPS to locate the exact address. However, a pilot will be in overall control of the delivery and able to terminate it if needed. Amazon has previously said it would like to roll out the drone delivery service by the end of 2017. The firm made its first deliver in Britain last July, which it said the drone dropped off the package in 13 minutes. And just last month, those living across the Atlantic were able to see it in action. Amazon showed off its Prime Air drone to the public during a conference in California by dropping off a box containing a bottle of sunscreen.   Last June, it was reported that the firm was already testing the vehicles to look for lost or misplaced items throughout the store. And again was deemed a sign of how the nation's largest retailer is seeking to compete against online leader Amazon.com, which is testing drones to deliver packages.  During a media tour in June at a distribution center, Walmart offered a peek at a drone that flies around the massive center, captures images in real time and flags the misplaced items. Walmart says using the drones enables it to check inventory in about a day or less, instead of a month that it takes manually. Right now, employees stand on lifts that go up and down the stacks, and scan items to make sure that boxes are in the right place. Shekar Natarajan, Walmart's vice president of logistics strategy, told reporters the technology is custom-built on top of the drone and is proprietary for Walmart. 'We are still in early phases of testing and understanding how drones can be better used in different types of business functions,' he said.    Read more: Walmart Gets Drone Patent For In-Store Delivery | Fortune.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 37 shares Most watched News videos Man forcibly removed from plane because flight was overbooked Shocking video shows Colorado cop body slamming sorority girl Second passenger's video of man being ripped off UA flight Dizzy video showcases glass-bottomed swimming pool 40 stories high Doctor who was 'knocked out' on flight is bleeding from the face Shocking footage shows drink driver launching over roundabout Huge ship batters through terrifying heavy winds Video shows Robert Seman from courthouse balcony before trial Poisonous cobra gives unsuspecting man kiss of death on cheek California man films mountain collapse near cars in Malibu Moment suspected suicide bomber appears to attack Egyptian church Motorcyclist breaks speed limit as friend collides with car Airport cop is SUSPENDED over United scandal as new video... Chechnya opens world's first concentration camp for... China 'deploys 150,000 troops to deal with possible North... My children won't get their hands on my fortune, says... Caitlyn Jenner reveals she HAS now undergone gender... 'It's more important to smile than to shout': Defiant... PICTURED: Gunman who shot dead his teacher wife and her... Horrifying moment British mother, 32, who was three times... 'Always professional. Always smart. Always caring':... PICTURED: Moment man jumps to his death from fourth-floor... Architect who landscaped friend's £5m mansion garden for... The kiss of death: Man posing for a photo with a deadly... Terrifying moment ship almost tips over when it's... 'I want to commend you for continuing to go above and... The incredible moment a mountain COLLAPSES in Malibu,... Ohio woman, 23, is charged with raping a male taxi driver... Mother who disappeared with her sons during court hearing... 'Horror movie' footage of homeless Spice addicts... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 10 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Strange rock with ‘alien’ patterns may FINALLY crack the 70-year-old Roswell UFO case, claim conspiracy... How Facebook hacks your brain: Ex-Google product manager reveals the tricks apps use to get us hooked The incredible auroras of Uranus: Hubble spots intense storms on the giant ice planet Most expensive warship ever built FINALLY hits water: US Navy tests out its newest $13bn supercarrier that... What has NASA found? Mysterious briefing to reveal ocean world discovery that will 'inform the search for... Take the test that reveals the 'bad spots' in your vision (and don't worry, scientists say we ALL have them) Do you know your botnets from your VPNs? Take the cybersecurity test that could reveal if you're at risk From Vesuvius to Krakatoa, researchers reveal the world's five deadliest volcanoes  The end of scouring the supermarket shelves: Walmart developing in-store drone that can bring your shopping... The 'Pink moon' set to light up the sky: April's full moon rises tonight and will appear close to Jupiter... Step aside sponges, jellies were the first animals on Earth, controversial study claims Have scientists found a way to make you tell the truth? Stimulating the brain with electrodes can increase... East Coast gets early warning of quakes as Oregon and Washington switch on 'ShakeAlert' system already used... The radical single stage aerospike rocket that could revolutionize satellite launches Is THIS the easiest way to peel an orange? Clever 20-second life hack reveals how you've been doing it wrong... MORE HEADLINES The 'Pink moon' set to light up the sky: April's full moon rises tonight and will appear close to Jupiter (but don't be fooled by the name) Strange rock with ‘alien’ patterns may FINALLY crack the 70-year-old Roswell UFO case, claim conspiracy theorists  What has NASA found? Mysterious briefing to reveal ocean world discovery that will 'inform the search for life beyond Earth' Revealed: 14,000-year-old village ‘older than Egyptian pyramids’ sheds light on how civilisation began in North America Get ready for a long wait for the iPhone 8: Preorders set to start in September but phones won't arrive for 'several weeks' How Facebook hacks your brain: Ex-Google product manager reveals the tricks apps use to get us hooked Take the test that reveals the 'bad spots' in your vision (and don't worry, scientists say we ALL have them) Mars is more Earth-like that thought: NASA reveals the red planet is the only other body to have metal in its atmosphere Tesla unveils sleek solar panels designed to blend seamlessly into almost any rooftop Why you wouldn't have wanted to go to the dentist 13,000 years ago: Ice Age find reveals sharp stones were used to create cavities before filling them with tar and hair Google patents a see-through, bladeless air conditioner that doesn't obstruct your window's view Do you know your botnets from your VPNs? Take the cybersecurity test that could reveal if you're at risk The £26,000 armoured 3D printed homes designed to withstand a ZOMBIE apocalypse Forget barbecue sauce! Beef is best served with CHOCOLATE while chicken is perfect with a side of seaweed  The mystery of our nightmares unlocked: Scientists pinpoint the brain regions that are key to dreaming MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Newly single Tyga cavorts with bikini babes on music video set after split with Kylie Jenner Didn't waste any time  'Good top to bottom': Nick Viall overexposes fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi as skirt rises up during lift on DWTS Showed off more than expected  'So many scars': Mama June accuses ex Sugar Bear of emotional and physical abuse... as her daughter Anna moves in with him after marriage split 'The most disappointed I've felt in myself': Southern Charm's Kathryn Dennis talks about her stint in rehab after failed drug test Finally opening up  50 Cent 'punches' female fan in chest after she grabs his arm and pulls him off stage during his concert in Baltimore An aggressive fan  It's not just beaches! From canyons to nature reserves, why Los Angeles has the best outdoor spaces  SPONSORED From countess to queen of the one-bedroom: Real Housewives' star Luann D'Agostino shows off her new $1.5million Upper East side home Hang loose! Barack and Michelle Obama enjoy South Pacific escape by swimming and paddleboarding On the island of Mo'orea in French Polynesia Comrades in arms! North West and and little brother Saint make a run for the backyard in sweet snap posted by Kim Kardashian on National Siblings Day Belly prancer! Ariel Winter flashes her stomach yet again in skimpy crop top as she stretches legs in LA The busty beauty seemed in high spirits  Blake Lively thought her doctor was 'going to drop our baby' after husband Ryan Reynolds played Marvin Gaye's Let's Get It On during her labor Sponsored by Chanel! Bella Hadid keeps designer tote front and center as she jets off to Dubai for Dior gig Left her Manhattan apartment So happy! Rob Kardashian posts rare selfie as former recluse gushes over five month 'birthday' of daughter Dream Stared into the camera Kelly Clarkson laughs about hitting the wrong note while recording her eighth studio album Pop powerhouse's 's three-octave soprano pipes failed her Snow White and the pop pixie! Kristen Stewart looks just like Justin Bieber after channeling singer's beach style Unusual styling  Sparkling like a diamond! DWTS judge Julianne Hough exudes glamour in glittering gown while showing off her toned pins in high slit on red carpet 'There's some jealousy!' Kylie Jenner sparks envy in the Kardashian family as new solo reality show is confirmed Next generation 'I'm grateful to have you!' Chris Pratt shares a sweet kiss with Anna Faris at the Guardians Of The Galaxy: Vol. 2 premiere in Tokyo Paid tribute to his wife Lunch date! Dakota Johnson enjoys a bite at healthy restaurant in mom jeans with handsome mystery man How To Be Single actress Maternal instincts! Charlotte McKinney shows motherly side carrying friend's baby after lunching Out with friends in West Hollywood, California Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, slips into a skimpy black bikini as she flaunts her unshaven armpits while relaxing in the sun with her rumored beau Halle Berry posts rare photo of three-year-old son Maceo as he gazes thoughtfully at the sea The Oscar winning actress posted the pic to Instagram Working (it) Girl! Melanie Griffith, 59, shows off her svelte figure in a tight top and skinny jeans for some retail therapy Out and about  'I'm calling you a nasty person': Erika and PK attack one another at RHOBH reunion... as row about her lack of underwear continues  She's bored of the chat 'This isn't something to rush into': JoJo Fletcher reveals she and Jordan Rodgers are not in any hurry to get married Revealed she is not in any rush  Is this their babymoon? Tom Ackerley kicks back in tropical paradise amid rumors wife Margot Robbie is 'expecting her first child' Taking it easy  Legs for days! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in a flirty blue mini dress after revealing she has undergone gender reassignment surgery Went on her coffee run  Caitlyn Jenner reveals she underwent gender reassignment surgery in January because she was 'tired of tucking the damn thing in all the time' Roll up! Johnny Depp puffs on a homemade ciggie as he resumes filming on LAbyrinth in Downtown Los Angeles Portrays real life LAPD detective Russell Poole Lord of the rings! Jason Statham, 49, shows off his RIPPED physique as he reveals he's achieved his buff body through gymnastic training 'Meth-od actor! Breaking Bad star Giancarlo Esposito wears full Gus Fring getup as he shows his face at Los Pollo Hermanos pop up store  'Men are jealous of me!' Nick Cannon jokes about rumors he caused Mariah Carey's split from Bryan Tanaka Mariah's ex-husband issued modest reply Flower power! AnnaLynne McCord steps out in floral-print trousers for film screening and panel on modern day slavery Human rights advocate  Shop till you drop! Gigi Hadid and mother Yolanda look stylish as they hit the stores in New York City  Went into a branch of the Blick Art Materials store Her mini-me! Denise Richards opts for casual T-shirt and jeans to hit the grocery store in Malibu with look-a-like daughter Lola Looked refreshed 'I am so thrilled for this next chapter': Mariah Carey announces new album to be released later this year...after 'split' with Bryan Tanaka Eagerly anticipated  Red Alert! Hilary Duff stands out in scarlet and pink jacket while filming TV series Younger in NYC Shot scenes with Molly Bernard for season four A league of their own: Melania Trump takes Barron and Tiffany to upscale bowling alley in New York City Took the two youngest Trump children out Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner celebrate beginning of Passover with adorable family photo With Arabella, Joseph, and Theodore Watch out Gigi! Lisa Rinna's daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin, 18, signs with IMG Models The Halstrom Academy senior will strut down the runways 'Mommy daughter movie date':  Pink shares selfie with adorable Willow, five, as they head to screening of Beauty And The Beast Shared a big grin  Doing a (wave) runner! Bikini-clad Teresa Giudice enjoys a paradise break in Puerto Rico without husband Joe who is still serving time for fraud Kristen Stewart flashes her stomach (and a peek of underboob) in crop top while out and about in New Orleans with girlfriend Stella Maxwell 'They are both extremely thrilled!' Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk name newborn daughter Lea de Seine Shayk Cooper Proud new parents Ragnarok hard! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE biceps deservedly land a starring role in the sexy new poster for Thor sequel Massive sweaty biceps  'Feeling better than I've ever felt': Demi Lovato encourages fans to practice 'self love' in Instagram post after overcoming body image issues Any regrets? Tyga indulges in retail therapy as 'ex' Kylie Jenner gets lucrative deal for solo reality series One week after he split from her  EJ Johnson flashes skin in mesh dress and thigh-high boots as he dines with Rich Kids co-star Dorothy Wang He showed off another daring outfit  'I got enough pigs chasing me in NY': Bethenny Frankel stuns in blue bikini as she visits famous bay of swimming sows in Bahamas Showing the love! Katie Holmes posts throwback snaps of her brother and three sisters on National Siblings Day Nostalgic picture  Playing by the rules! Lily-Rose Depp smirks as she dutifully removes her chic boots for TSA screening Dressed comfortably at LAX with her boyfriend Jordana Brewster showcases her stunning figure in olive green string bikini on vacation in Hawaii Lethal Weapon star showed off  her physique 'Let me out of this basement': Katy Perry jokes about Ryan Phillippe's dating denial via Twitter The Roar singer proved her sense of humor 'Goodbye Girls!' Lena Dunham pays tribute to Jemima Kirke and Zosia Mamet after revealing they won't appear in series finale Over and out  'She does so much': Jenna Fischer surprises little sister with home renovation in My Houzz series video A renovation of her St. Louis home Madonna dresses twins Esther and Stella in matching tracksuits and records them singing Shabbat Shalom Adopted them two months ago  Twinning! Matt Damon and Chris Hemsworth spotted in near matching outfits as Hollywood actor brings his family to visit the Thor star Down Under 'Fifth element flow!' Katy Perry looks dramatically different as she chops off the rest of her hair Been experimenting with her locks lately  Spec-tacular blunder! Interviewer smacks Nicole Richie's sunglasses from her face trying to give high five Failed five  Snowflake kisses! Olivia Holt and her boyfriend share some sweet PDA as they hit the slopes in Tahoe Could not have been cuter EXCLUSIVE: 'Bye Bye Boobs!' Real Housewives of Orange County star Kelly Dodd has breast reduction surgery, downsizing her '32 G's'  'Three generations of bada**women': Ruby Rose shares flashback image of her younger self with lookalike mother and grandmother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, gives a glimpse of new 'W' tattoo as she hits Miami with mom's rumored ex Ingrid Casares Extra who starred in Kendall Jenner's Pepsi ad speaks out to claim most actors who feature in the ad are NOT from the US so 'didn't know anything' was wrong Harry Styles was 'in the running to play Han Solo in Star Wars spin-off... but bosses decided he'd be impossible to lock down due to his music career' Time to ditch the jacket! Mama June hides her slimmed down figure away after losing 300lbs The 37-year-old reality star was in NYC 'It happened with age': Jenna Bush Hager reveals her grandma Barbara Bush only has EIGHT toes - four on each foot - but insists 'they look cute'  Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves steps out as he spends THREE hours getting botox and fillers... after having fat removed from his body and injected into his butt Singer Iggy Azalea claims she lost a whopping 15lbs in a week by TWERKING. Is that possible? Is it HEALTHY? A doctor explains...  Can't afford to pay $5,000 for a dress? Victoria unveils her not-so-Posh range: Pieces costing up to $75 for budget US retailer sell out in hours SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Lady Kitty cuts a stripy fine figure: Diana's niece shows off her slender frame as she post picture of herself  Young love! Willow Smith and 'boyfriend' Tyler Cole walk arm in arm in the LA sunshine There have been rumors she's dating her musical collaborator  Is Simon Cowell's son the most eligible toddler in town? A $12,400 birthday party. Tables at top LA restaurants. And tiger mums desperate to engineer a play date... 'Lost at sea!' Lindsay Lohan strips off to  strike a saucy pose in her bed on a luxury yacht Mean Girls star posted an Instagram shot  Something to tell us? Sienna Miller steps out with a little smile on her face amid claims Brad Pitt was 'seriously flirting' with her at event in LA last week Not so anarchic now! Charlie Hunnam smartens up in a buttoned shirt for lunch in Hollywood with his love Morgana McNelis Couple for 12 years EXCLUSIVE: My mother's 'hatred' for her sister Meghan Markle. Prince Harry's girlfriend's family hit by new split  Nightmare for Suits star Mel B puts on brave face as she visits her lawyers after breaking month-long social media silence... having gained restraining order against husband Red Hot Chili Peppers' Anthony Kiedis packs on the PDA with mystery brunette as they enjoy romantic getaway in Venice  Rocker has a son, 8 Curvy model shares close-up of herself grabbing her butt and thighs to prove that her cellulite is 'natural' - as she admits she used to think it was 'shameful' 'White trash!' Jax Taylor has trouble adjusting to farm life in Vanderpump Rules spin-off with Brittany Cartwright Tensions flare in show 'Feeling it!' Reese Witherspoon works on her svelte figure as she tackles yoga and jogging on the same day Right back to work after the Big LIttle Lies finale  Political chatter and fierce debate about Donald Trump helps 'The View' beat the 'The Talk' in ratings for the first time in two years Fierce rival shows 'People have to start respecting the vagina': Emily Ratajkowski and Janelle Monae talk feminism, race, and Trump as they each land cover of Marie Claire  Elle Fanning faces a furious backlash over the decision to cast her, and not a transgender actor, as a trans boy in controversial new film 3 Generations George and Charlotte's starring moment! Pippa confirms that the young royals WILL be page boy and bridesmaid on her big day (but there's no official role for Kate) 'You can't have that much handsome in one place!' Royal watchers go wild as William and Harry pose with Justin Trudeau (and French dub them 'Le trio sexy') Life With Kylie! Jenner lands her own reality show as she branches out alone from the Kardashians She's grown up in front of the cameras  As NBA star Steph Curry is ridiculed for his bizarre new Under Armour sneakers, FEMAIL showcases the other VERY quirky designs on the market Prince's ex Mayte reveals heartbreak after star burned everything in their dead son's nursery including his urn following their split Shares unseen photos 'We'll all be there to cheer you on!' Prince Harry announces he will be at London Marathon with William and Kate to support their mental health charity runners Korn recruit 12-year-old to fill in for bassist on tour... but he is the son of Metallica's Robert Trujillo Pre-teen is filling in for bassist Reginald Arvizu 'I was taking the advice of my nanny!' Southern Charm's Thomas Ravenel explains why his children, aged one and three, live in the guest house  'Oh hello abs, nice to see you again!' Katherine Webb shows off her VERY toned stomach in sultry bikini selfie, nearly a year after giving birth to son Joan Crawford porn films: How star was blackmailed by brother who threatened to leak her early stag movies as 'Feud' recounts first celebrity sex tape Back to the 80s! Matthew McConaughey rocks retro slicked back hairdo and mustache as he joins wife Camila Alves at fundraiser in New Orleans Lisa's wild side! Rinna showcases muscular physique in leopard print bikini after explosive RHOBH finale Called 'out of order' by Lisa Vanderpump A real-life action man! Tom Cruise films dramatic car chase for Mission Impossible 6 alongside his stunt double in Paris Got to work on set  'Cool Cousins!' Jessica Simpson's daughter Maxwell poses up a storm with Ashlee's boy Bronx Simpson genes clearly run strong in these two Right on the Monae! Janelle stuns in revealing frock as she soaks up the rays in luxury Dominican Republic villa Well-earned break Looking bow-tiful! Gwen Stefani perfectly co-ordinates her outfit... right down to the gift Singer headed to a party without her beau Blake Shelton New Doctor Who recruit Pearl Mackie reveals she was nervous about meeting Peter Capaldi for the first time... as he discusses why he quit Awkward! Exes Drake and Rihanna end up at the same children's birthday party  Videos show the pair almost totally ignoring each other 'One month left!' Pregnant Bristol Palin shows off baby bump in new video and posts a series of heartwarming family photos from their weekend together A lion's pride! Detroit Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford welcomes twin girls Sawyer and Chandler with his college sweetheart wife 'He's made such a good impression on everyone': Jason Momoa poses for MORE fan snaps as burly hunk is praised ahead of filming Aquaman 'Oh boy!' Swimmer Ryan Lochte's model love Kayla Rae Reid celebrates her baby shower with lavish party Expecting her first child with husband-to-be 'Don't ask!' Sofia Richie dons a bikini as she leaps aboard a jet-ski while living it up in Qatar Lionel Richie's daughter having fun on vacation in Persian Gulf Canadian PM Justin Trudeau and his family visit the war grave in France of his wife's ancestor who fell during the invasion of Normandy in 1944 'The lady to my right is snapping a pic of my booty!': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson calls out fan during appearance at Disney for new Jungle Cruise movie My children won't get their hands on my fortune, says Gordon Ramsay as he reveals they don't get to sit in first class with him or eat at his restaurants A real-life Indecent Proposal: High roller claims Canadian billionaire offered $1.5 MILLION to sleep with his wife Jane the Virgin actress Greice Santo Gigi Hadid, Sofia Richie and Jasmine Tookes strike a pose in new Tommy Hilfiger campaign - as they're joined by Anwar Hadid and Lucky Blue Smith Seventeenth-century mansion that hosted Ronald Reagan, Margaret Thatcher and Elizabeth Taylor at lavish parties goes on sale for 'cut price' $15 million  'His endgame was fame': Mariah Carey, 46, and Bryan Tanaka, 33, 'SPLIT following his insane jealousy over her relationship with Nick Cannon' The Green, Green Grass of Jones! Sir Tom puts Beverly Hills home on market for $8 million - featuring leopard-print dining room and stunning outdoor pool Lady Victoria Hervey is pictured first time since expressing fears that Mel B husband Stephen Belafonte secretly taped their wild drunken threesome Kate Beckinsale shows off her sensational figure in a red and white strapless bikini as she lounges on glorious hammock over the ocean Victoria's Secret model Elsa Hosk swaps her usual figure-flaunting style for chic gold statement coat as she steps out in New York City Prince charming! Charles leaves the local women in fits of giggles as he visits a community center on a whistlestop tour of Cumbria in northern England Zoe Saldana flaunts her incredible figure in a sheer voluminous co-ord as she steals the show at Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in Tokyo Bromance! Matt Damon spends time Down Under with Chris Hemsworth at the Australian star's Byron Bay home Hanging out together Stocking up for summer? Nicole Kidman's husband Keith Urban showcases his tattoos as he buys beach umbrellas in Nashville Who nose what he's done? Jean-Claude Van Damme wears a facial bandage... but slips it off for photo Spotted heading up the Pacific Coast Highway  Inside the intimate venue where Pippa Middleton will walk down the aisle: Kate's sister chooses family church on private estate away from prying eyes Father daughter date! Mindy Kaling takes her dad to the basketball to watch the Lakers face off against the Timberwolves   Sat courtside in LA Janet Jackson's marriage was doomed: Tensions over their VERY different cultures and his obsession with privacy rocked their union  FIRST LOOK: Chris Hemsworth loses his trusty hammer as he prepares to do battle with Tom Hiddleston and Cate Blanchett in trailer for Thor: Ragnarok Lingerie-clad Bella Hadid flashes nipple in outtake from LOVE magazine spread The publication shared a nip-slip Polaroid of 20-year-old model That's the spirit! Mischa Barton enjoys leisurely rooftop drinks with a male pal... after winning restraining order extension to block sale of her sex tape 'Character comes when everyone thinks you're an adulterer': Ashton Kutcher speaks about Demi Moore drama as he gets role model award Mel B breaks month-long social media silence after gaining restraining order against Stephen Belafonte amid messy divorce battle 'She wants it done and dusted': Mel B 'to offer Stephen Belafonte $6M and private island in divorce settlement... but only if he agrees to gagging order' 'I'm very proud!' Freida Pinto gushes over her Teletubbies past after revealing she played Laa-Laa during kids' entertainer gig Slumdog Millionaire star  Legendary British DJ Paul Oakenfold sets up at base camp as he prepares to host the 'highest party on earth' on MOUNT EVEREST  At 17,650 feet Superstars Drake and Rihanna lead the pack as the 2017 Billboard Music Awards nominations are announced on Good Morning America 'You should know better': Bethenny Frankel posts about swimming with dolphins and draws quick criticism  Slammed for her choice  'Don't scare me': Kim Kardashian sobs while learning of husband Kanye West's mental breakdown on KUWTK Received the call telling her he was in care  Beach baby! Blanca Blanco plays swimsuit model as she sports teeny weeny bikini in Malibu The 27-year-old happily showcased her figure PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Caution! Do not enter! Louis Tomlinson wears thinly veiled message with girlfriend Eleanor Calder... as airport brawl hearing is delayed Rita Ora rocks her typically edgy style in floaty sheer gown with staggering ankle boots as she steps out in London Looked stunning 'Let's just call it!' Hannah leaves New York for a teaching job as six seasons of friendship come to a close on penultimate episode of Girls 'I don't have a problem with it': Tom Hiddleston reveals he's confident and comfortable doing nude scenes He's left fans very hot under the collar Popping out for a drink! Slimline Jonah Hill sips cup of iced coffee as he chats with mystery woman in Los Angeles He is looking as fit and lithe as ever. Billie Lourd continues PDA-filled Caribbean getaway with shirtless boyfriend Taylor Lautner The 24-year-old could not keep her hands off the Twilight star  Ashley Graham shows off her perky posterior while she twerks in a cut-out LBD on Snapchat The Sports Illustrated star opted for a long sleeve, fitted black dress Co-parenting in action! Jennifer Garner takes the kids to church before Ben Affleck picks up daughter Violet She accessorized with black sandal wedges  One racy number! Formula One star Jenson Button's model girlfriend Brittny Ward turns her sexy snaps up a gear as she poses in VERY seductive bikini  'You want to be me!' Kim Zolciak trades vicious insults with Kenya Moore during wild season nine finale of RHOA Explosive return 'Barely know her': Ryan Phillippe denies he is dating Katy Perry as he takes to Twitter in bid to halt speculation He completely denied the rumors  Upset Kendall Jenner is 'laying low' and 'spending time with family' after fallout of lambasted Pepsi ad 'Still not happy about the controversy'  'Somebody is awake!' Proud papa Rob Kardashian shares a cute snap of his sleepy baby girl Dream in her crib One happy father  Heidi Klum wraps up her bikini body in a kaftan while continuing her beach holiday in Turks and Caicos Was a decidedly more low-key Heidi than usual Alec Baldwin enjoys a Sunday stroll in NYC with wife Hilaria, son Rafael, 22 months, and the family dogs Taking it easy after appearance on SNL He shoots, he scores! Ansel Elgort takes high school sweetheart Violetta Komyshan on date to a hockey game... and wins a sweet kiss Just the two of us Pretty Little High-Flyers: Ashley Benson is pictured with handsome mystery man as they leave the iconic Chateau Marmont together  Wheel-y fun! Christie Brinkley, 63, shares blissful bike riding video while also revealing fitness tips to her followers She looks amazing Goldie Hawn can't stop giggling with old pal Quincy Jones at gala... before they're hilariously dwarfed by basketball star Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Mel B 'credits her boss Simon Cowell with helping her to finally leave "bad news" husband Stephen Belafonte amid claims of a decade of abuse' Baby joy for Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk as couple welcome their first child Pair has stayed secretive about tot, who was born two weeks ago 'Best birthday present': Jenna Jameson shares precious snap of her newborn girl as mom-of-three turns 43 Shared with her Instagram followers Embattled Mel B stopped by police for minor traffic violation in Los Angeles amid scandal-ridden split with Stephen Belafonte One thing after another El Chapo's Netflix miniseries being made in Colombia because producers think Mexico has become too dangerous after the drug lord's arrest Have I Told You Lately That I Love You: Rod Stewart, 72, and Penny Lancaster, 46, look close as they hold hands on family outing in Bel Air All she needs is a pipe! Ashley Olsen grins as she steps out in granny chic slippers before going for a stroll She recently split from her much older lover David Beckham enjoys some bonding time with daughter Harper as she plants a kiss on his cheek in adorable snap He spent last weekend bonding with his sons 'We are so proud of you': Jamie Oliver's wife Jools wishes daughter Daisy a happy 14th birthday with sweet Instagram snap of her cradling baby River 'It's a nightmare for his career': Harry Styles could miss out on number one spot for debut solo single due to Spotify 'streaming error' Bad luck, Harry 'Girls are better at investigating!' Freida Pinto hints she'd like to play a female 007... but says she'd only take Bond Girl role if she 'had a voice'  Game of Thrones star Charlotte Hope suffers a nip slip as she goes braless under plunging white dress at the 2017 Olivier Awards in London Game of Thrones couple Kit Harington and Rose Leslie put on an amorous display at the 2017 Olivier Awards... as the stunning actress flashes her Dior boxers  Lily Collins keeps it casual in an oversized denim jacket and baggy trousers as she runs errands An altogether more pared back look  Ray of sunshine! Ophelia Lovibond looks radiant in off shoulder bright yellow gown at the 2017 Olivier Awards in London All eyes on her Fans pour into St. Louis streets to say farewell to music legend Chuck Berry who was buried with his beloved cherry-red Gibson guitar Long lines for viewing From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story The 'Pink moon' set to light up the sky: April's full moon rises tonight and will appear close to Jupiter (but don't be fooled by the name) 3 comments Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Buy These Stocks Today! (Free Report) Home | Street Talk Tags: Donald Trump | tax reform | infrastructure | businesss Trump to Meet Business Leaders on Infrastructure, Tax Reform (AP file) Monday, 10 Apr 2017 01:13 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives on Tuesday as he works to gain support for a $1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reform and other administration priorities, said White House spokesman Sean Spicer. Trump will meet with the heads of General Motors Co, International Business Machines Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc, a government official briefed on the matter said. Trump has pledged to unlock $1 trillion in private and public infrastructure investments to fix bridges, improve the electrical grid and broadband internet, modernize airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans. Nearly three months after his inauguration, Trump will again seek the advice and funds of the private sector for his "national rebuilding" program. Trump also wants to streamline the income tax system, cut federal regulations, reduce corporate income tax and add new taxes to prod companies to keep or move production to the United States. He has held numerous sessions with CEOs since taking office. The chief executives are part of Trump's "Strategy and Policy Forum" that was created in December and last met with the president on Feb. 3. The business leaders from a variety of sectors will also meet in small groups with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and White House budget director Mick Mulvaney, Spicer said. Participants in Ross' meeting include Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon and Indra Nooyi, chief executive officer of PepsiCo Inc . Pruitt's meeting will include GM CEO Mary Barra and Paul Atkins, CEO of Patomak Global Partners LLC and a Republican former SEC commissioner. Chao's meeting will include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk. BlackRock CEO Larry Fink, who heads the world's largest investment management firm, in a letter to shareholders Monday backed calls for private investment to rebuild U.S. infrastructure. The Trump administration plans to unveil as soon as May the $1 trillion infrastructure plan over 10 years. "Fixing crumbling roads and bridges is not enough. We need to be focused on reshaping our world, not just repairing it," Fink wrote. Last week, Trump pitched infrastructure projects to about 50 New York area CEOs. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn told executives that privatizing air traffic control, which the administration proposed in its budget outline in March, could be a big boost. Other chief executives taking part Tuesday include consultant EY, Boston Consulting Group, the Cleveland Clinic and Global Infrastructure Partners, an infrastructure investment fund. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives on Tuesday as he works to gain support for a $1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reform and other administration priorities, said White House spokesman Sean Spicer. Trump will meet with the heads of... Donald Trump, tax reform, infrastructure, businesss 409 Monday, 10 Apr 2017 01:13 PM 2017-13-10 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump to Meet Business Leaders on Infrastructure, Tax Reform Monday, 10 Apr 2017 | 28 comments And you are as judgmental as you are short-sighted.You see no applauding... Larry Kudlow: Trump Tax Reform Plan Isn't Dead Sunday, 09 Apr 2017 | 9 comments Sounds good to me! Let's immediately cut corporate income taxes and see... David Horowitz to NewsmaxTV: Trump Rally Has More Upside Thursday, 06 Apr 2017 | 5 comments Exactly. I remember when Obama gave his 'you didn't build that' speech... US Employers Add Just 98K Jobs, as Rate Falls to 4.5 Pct. Friday, 07 Apr 2017 | 3 comments This article makes no sense to me. I normally don't delve into... Wall Street Is Making It Harder for You to Buy a Car Friday, 07 Apr 2017 | 3 comments Reminds me of the housing crisis, when subprime borrowers were able to get... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Donald Trump to meet US business leaders on infrastructure, tax reform US President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (left) at Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida, US on April 7, 2017.PHOTO: REUTERS Published10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4XPx Copy WASHINGTON (REUTERS) - US President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives on Tuesday (April 11) as he works to gain support for a US$1 trillion (S$1.4 trillion) infrastructure programme, tax reform and other administration priorities, said White House spokesman Sean Spicer. Trump will meet with the heads of General Motors Co, International Business Machines Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc, a government official briefed on the matter said. Trump has pledged to unlock US$1 trillion in private and public infrastructure investments to fix bridges, improve the electrical grid and broadband internet, modernize airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans. Nearly three months after his inauguration, Trump will again seek the advice and funds of the private sector for his "national rebuilding"programme. Trump also wants to streamline the income tax system, cut federal regulations, reduce corporate income tax and add new taxes to prod companies to keep or move production to the United States. He has held numerous sessions with CEOs since taking office. The chief executives are part of Trump's "Strategy and Policy Forum" that was created in December and last met with the president on Feb 3. The business leaders from a variety of sectors will also meet in small groups with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and White House budget director Mick Mulvaney, Spicer said. Participants in Ross' meeting include Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon and Indra Nooyi, chief executive officer of PepsiCo Inc . Pruitt's meeting will include GM CEO Mary Barra and Paul Atkins, CEO of Patomak Global Partners LLC and a Republican former SEC commissioner. Chao's meeting will include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk. BlackRock CEO Larry Fink, who heads the world's largest investment management firm, in a letter to shareholders Monday backed calls for private investment to rebuild U.S. infrastructure. The Trump administration plans to unveil as soon as May the US$1 trillion infrastructure plan over 10 years. "Fixing crumbling roads and bridges is not enough. We need to be focused on reshaping our world, not just repairing it,"Fink wrote. Last week, Trump pitched infrastructure projects to about 50 New York area CEOs. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn told executives that privatizing air traffic control, which the administration proposed in its budget outline in March, could be a big boost. Other chief executives taking part Tuesday include consultant EY, Boston Consulting Group, the Cleveland Clinic and Global Infrastructure Partners, an infrastructure investment fund. Topics:  DONALD TRUMP US POLITICS More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4XPx Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content g2000_a125767_2017apr10_300x200_stadv1.jpg Working to tackle Singapore’s food waste problem steinway_a125809_2017apr03_300x200_native.jpg Steinway Spirio brings new music lecture series to life sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 53-67 We set you thinking Tuesday 11 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Australia says changes to BHP Billiton corporate structure must fit national interest 1491892988 World U.N. chief calls for restart to Western Sahara talks: document 1491892788 World Indonesia house speaker banned from travel, anti-graft officer attacked 1491889537 World Marvel will discipline Indonesian artist who sneaked political message into X-Men 1491892560 Business Investors flee risk assets as geopolitical tensions heat up 1491892709 World United passenger dragged off overbooked flight 1491892560 Lifestyle Dom Perignon to open ‘secret suite’ in Singapore 1491891720 World China draft cyber law mandates security assessment for outbound data 1491891992 Business Exclusive - Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO 1491891524 Entertainment Will Lee Dong Wook show off his abs at Plaza Singapura? 1491890815 Business Diversify or die: China's independent oil refiners adapt to new challenges 1491890557 Voices Work done to prevent recurrence of faulty alarm 1491889607 World G7 seeks broad support to isolate Syria's Assad 1491888935 World N Korea, Syria agree on close cooperation following US strike 1491889309 Business Toshiba aims to file results Tuesday without auditor endorsement: source 1491888177 Singapore 4,117 packets of contraband cigarettes seized from S’porean man at Woodlands Checkpoint 1491887160 Business Grains piled on runways, parking lots, fields amid global glut 1491887226 World Malaysian minister urges probe of fund transfers to North Korea 1491886260 World Under siege at home, Maduro gets support from regional allies in Cuba 1491885740 World Exclusive: North Korean ships head home after China orders coal returned 1491885212 Commentary With Britain leaving Europe, can London remain a capital of the world? 1491884160 Singapore Sembcorp truck driver stuck in cabin as it hangs over third level ramp 1491883800 Singapore 1,300 mature public officers rehired in public service in 2016 1491854520 World Mexico City building site collapse kills seven 1491882859 World Fire ravages migrant camp in France, several wounded in fight 1491870514 World Malaysian terrorist marked ‘most wanted’ by the US 1491882408 World South Korea warns of North Korea 'provocations', U.S. navy group approaches 1491880440 World Captured Mexican governor could be extradited to U.S. or Mexico 1491880875 Business Toshiba to file results as early as noon with disclaimed opinion from auditors - source 1491879875 Business LeEco abandons $2 billion Vizio deal, citing 'Chinese policy factor' 1491879330 World Vampire greens: Dead bat found in Florida prepackaged salad 1491878216 World Swedes hold minute of silence for truck attack victims 1491878215 World North Korea vows response to 'reckless' US Navy move: KCNA 1491872760 Business Oil hits five-week top on geopolitical tensions, strong demand 1491876284 World Hungary's president signs law that could oust Soros-founded college 1491873782 Business European regulators offer Brexit sweeteners to investment banks 1491829278 World Silent conservatives may hold key in Turkish vote on Erdogan's powers 1491839737 China&India China tops 2016 global executions, U.S. sees lowest number in decades 1491865380 World Likely murder-suicide at US school kills 2 adults, 1 student 1491870960 World US strike wiped out fifth of Assad air force, Mattis says 1491871313 World Trump administration open to additional strikes on Syria: White House 1491857580 Business Azul, shareholders fetch $645 million in bigger-than-expected Brazil, U.S. IPO 1491870519 Business Ford executive predicts U.S. SUV boom will continue 1491869957 World Venezuelans mount another wave of anti-government protests 1491869894 World Center-left Chilean presidential hopeful says may skip primary 1491867394 World May, Trump agree Russia should break ties with Assad: UK PM's office 1491869111 World U.S. lawmakers raise doubts on sale of smart bombs to Saudi Arabia 1491868691 Business Elliott applies U.S. activist investor tactics to BHP offensive 1491868812 Business LeEco, Vizio abandon $2 billion deal over regulatory concerns 1491868079 World Deadly air strike on Libyan desert base as rival factions clash 1491866938 Business Trump to meet U.S. business leaders on infrastructure, tax reform U.S. President Donald Trump waves as he walks from Marine One upon his return to the White House in Washington. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 2:55 AM, April 11, 2017 WASHINGTON - U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives on Tuesday as he works to gain support for a $1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reform and other administration priorities, said White House spokesman Sean Spicer. Trump will meet with the heads of General Motors Co <GM.N>, International Business Machines Corp <IBM.N> and Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>, a government official briefed on the matter said. Trump has pledged to unlock $1 trillion in private and public infrastructure investments to fix bridges, improve the electrical grid and broadband internet, modernize airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans. Nearly three months after his inauguration, Trump will again seek the advice and funds of the private sector for his "national rebuilding" program. Trump also wants to streamline the income tax system, cut federal regulations, reduce corporate income tax and add new taxes to prod companies to keep or move production to the United States. He has held numerous sessions with CEOs since taking office. The chief executives are part of Trump's "Strategy and Policy Forum" that was created in December and last met with the president on Feb. 3. The business leaders from a variety of sectors will also meet in small groups with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and White House budget director Mick Mulvaney, Spicer said. Participants in Ross' meeting include Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon and Indra Nooyi, chief executive officer of PepsiCo Inc <PEP.N>. Pruitt's meeting will include GM CEO Mary Barra and Paul Atkins, CEO of Patomak Global Partners LLC and a Republican former SEC commissioner. Chao's meeting will include Tesla Inc <TSLA.O> CEO Elon Musk. BlackRock CEO Larry Fink, who heads the world's largest investment management firm, in a letter to shareholders Monday backed calls for private investment to rebuild U.S. infrastructure. The Trump administration plans to unveil as soon as May the $1 trillion infrastructure plan over 10 years. "Fixing crumbling roads and bridges is not enough. We need to be focused on reshaping our world, not just repairing it," Fink wrote. Last week, Trump pitched infrastructure projects to about 50 New York area CEOs. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn told executives that privatizing air traffic control, which the administration proposed in its budget outline in March, could be a big boost. Other chief executives taking part Tuesday include consultant EY, Boston Consulting Group, the Cleveland Clinic and Global Infrastructure Partners, an infrastructure investment fund. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Wells Fargo's aggressive sales tactics hit small firms: WSJ Wells Fargo's 'Jump into January' was grim start to the year Wells Fargo report: no 'pattern of retaliation' against whistleblowers Weak crude oil stunts U.S. energy IPOs, boosts outlook for M&A Waymo targets second senior executive in Uber self-driving dispute Wall Street sees Fed balance sheet normalization plan by year end: Reuters poll Wall Street falls as Fed minutes reverse earlier rally Wall Street ends slightly higher; China meeting eyed Wall Street ends choppy session up slightly; energy helps Wall Street down on weak auto sales, doubts about Trump agenda Inside Today World U.N. chief calls for restart to Western Sahara talks: document United passenger dragged off overbooked flight Marvel will discipline Indonesian artist who sneaked political message into X-Men China draft cyber law mandates security assessment for outbound data Indonesia house speaker banned from travel, anti-graft officer attacked Business Australia says changes to BHP Billiton corporate structure must fit national interest Investors flee risk assets as geopolitical tensions heat up Exclusive - Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Diversify or die: China's independent oil refiners adapt to new challenges Toshiba aims to file results Tuesday without auditor endorsement: source Sports Same old Sergio writes a new script After injury woes, Marin, Ratchanok are ready for S’pore Open WTA Finals to move from Singapore to Manchester in 2019? Singaporean Chan Lay Hoon quits as president of struggling Spanish football club Valencia CF All ready to do battle again this weekend Entertainment Will Lee Dong Wook show off his abs at Plaza Singapura? Esplanade announces new S$30 million mid-sized theatre Boo Junfeng's Apprentice continues winning streak French Photographer presents Singapore landmarks overrun by nature It’s official — Najip Ali is out of Malaysian show About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Business Consumer News Wal-Mart charges ahead in online retail market dominated by Amazon Wal-Mart offers free two-day shipping on 2 million items Wal-Mart is offering free two-day shipping on more than 2 million items with no membership fee required. Wal-Mart is offering free two-day shipping on more than 2 million items with no membership fee required. James F. PeltzContact ReporterLos Angeles Times What retail slump? Wal-Mart muscling in on Amazon territory with key online acquisitions Dissenters were quick to react when ModCloth, an online seller of trendy women’s clothes and accessories, was acquired by retail giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc. last month. “You have disappointed us all,” one reader commented under a blog post by ModCloth co-founder Susan Gregg Koger announcing the sale — the notion being that ModCloth would lose its cache as part of a discount mass merchant. “I’m done shopping with you,” wrote another. But Gregg Koger noted that Wal-Mart would give ModCloth “the necessary resources and support that we need as a business to grow.” ModCloth is one example of how Wal-Mart is belatedly but aggressively expanding its e-commerce business to keep pace with the seismic shift in consumer shopping from brick-and-mortar stores to the Internet. With nearly a half-trillion-dollars in annual sales and 4,700 U.S. stores, Wal-Mart has been buying online retailers, slashing shipping rates and rolling out new ways for in-store customers to do more of their shopping at Walmart.com and its other websites. While traditional U.S. in-store retailing is growing less than 2% a year, forcing many retailers to close stores, e-commerce is growing 16% annually, the research firm eMarketer Inc. reports. E-commerce sales this year will hit $462 billion and soar to $789 billion by 2021, the firm estimates. Wal-Mart’s effort to tap that online growth often is portrayed as a direct attack on Amazon.com Inc., the online-retailing behemoth. Wal-Mart prefers to frame its strategy as capturing more of the e-commerce market by blending its in-store, online and mobile-app offerings so that customers can easily move from one to the other to make purchases. If it snatches business from Amazon in the process, all the better. One of Wal-Mart’s key acquisitions was Jet.com Inc., which also sells a wide variety of consumer products and groceries. Wal-Mart paid $3.3 billion for Jet.com last year and then named Jet.com Chairman Marc Lore to head its entire U.S. e-commerce operation. “It was a radical signal to everyone that the biggest retailer in the world was willing to put $3.3 billion into the [online] market,” said Adrien Nussenbaum, chief executive of Mirakl, a developer of software products for retailers and other firms. Under Lore and Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon, Wal-Mart has taken several other steps to bolster its e-commerce sales, including: Acquiring Shoebuy.com, an online footwear retailer, and Moosejaw.com, an online seller of outdoor apparel and gear. Those retailers and ModCloth continue operating as separate websites. Launching free two-day shipping for orders of $35 or more at Wal-Mart.com, Jet.com and many of its other sites. Boosting the stock on its virtual shelves. At the start of 2016, the Wal-Mart.com had 8 million items for sale; today it has more than 35 million items. Launching a program that allows in-store customers to go online or check their phone app to see a list of items they have bought, then reorder those items online. Rolling out a groceries program whereby customers order items online and then have the groceries loaded into their vehicle at a Wal-Mart store. Forming a division called Store No. 8 that’s intended to hatch new online retail approaches and businesses. ModCloth's October collection is the first from fashion director Lizz Wasserman. WWD ModCloth's October collection is the first from fashion director Lizz Wasserman. ModCloth's October collection is the first from fashion director Lizz Wasserman. (WWD) Wal-Mart said last October that it was going to slow the pace of new store openings this year, in good part to shift investments to its e-commerce business. “We’re being pretty active,” Lore said during a recent tech gathering, called Code Commerce, in Las Vegas. “We’re behind. We need to catch up. There are some big things we have in the works,” said Lore, who spent two years with Amazon after it bought his previous online venture, the parent of Diapers.com and other sites. Wal-Mart is the second largest online mass merchandiser behind Amazon, but it’s a distant second. Amazon’s product sales totaled $94.7 billion last year while Wal-Mart was $14.4 billion, according to eMarketer. Amazon, with $136 billion in total sales last year, has other assets and services as well, namely a variety of video, entertainment and other services available through its Prime membership. Prime also provides free shipping on Amazon purchases, and analysts estimate about 65 million Amazon customers subscribe to Prime for $99 a year. (Amazon doesn’t disclose the number except to say it has “tens of millions” of subscribers.) Stephen Beck, founder of the management consulting firm cg42, said Prime gives Amazon customers more incentive to shop at the site. Prime customers spend an average of $270 a year above what they were spending at Amazon before subscribing, he said. “One of the things Amazon does really well is to highlight the value of the Prime subscription,” Beck said. “Wal-Mart is a retailer and proudly so, but Amazon is more than that.” Amazon spokeswoman Sally Fouts would not comment about Wal-Mart’s specific online ventures, but she said “we’ve had competition every day of our existence at Amazon and it’s never changed our approach. “We obsess over customers and the things we believe customers will always care about — low prices, vast selection and fast delivery,” Fouts said. Amazon’s efforts extend to a grocery delivery service in certain areas, including Los Angeles, called Amazon Fresh. It’s also begun testing its own grocery pickup service in Seattle, where Amazon is headquartered. Although Wal-Mart is well behind Amazon in the e-commerce world, Wal-Mart has the scale and resources to make a much bigger splash in online shopping. The Bentonville, Ark.-based concern, which also owns the Sam’s Club chain, posted total sales of $482 billion in its fiscal year ended Jan. 31. The company claims its 4,700 U.S. stores are located within five miles of 70% of the U.S. population, and it has an enormous distribution network in place. More than 140 million people shop at its stores and Walmart.com in the U.S. market every week. Caption FTC: Miami Beach invention marketers scammed hundreds The Federal Trade Commission says a Miami Beach company scammed hundreds of people out of millions of dollars, promising to market inventions, then failing to follow through. The Federal Trade Commission says a Miami Beach company scammed hundreds of people out of millions of dollars, promising to market inventions, then failing to follow through. Caption FTC: Miami Beach invention marketers scammed hundreds The Federal Trade Commission says a Miami Beach company scammed hundreds of people out of millions of dollars, promising to market inventions, then failing to follow through. The Federal Trade Commission says a Miami Beach company scammed hundreds of people out of millions of dollars, promising to market inventions, then failing to follow through. Caption Hot Property | Nick Carter connects with 'Bachelor' director Ken Fuchs in Hidden Hills sale Backstreet Boys member Nick Carter has sold his home in Hidden Hills to "The Bachelor" director Ken Fuchs for $4.075 million. Backstreet Boys member Nick Carter has sold his home in Hidden Hills to "The Bachelor" director Ken Fuchs for $4.075 million. Caption Developer proposes luxury senior housing for Fort Lauderdale Canadian developer Jean Francois Roy is trying to appeal to seniors by building a 42-story rental along the Fort Lauderdale Riverwalk. Canadian developer Jean Francois Roy is trying to appeal to seniors by building a 42-story rental along the Fort Lauderdale Riverwalk. Caption Jamie Dimon's letter to JPMorgan investors Dimon called problems with the education system a “national emergency.” (April 6, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Dimon called problems with the education system a “national emergency.” (April 6, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption What is YouTube TV? Subscriptions are initially limited to locations where YouTube could get rights to local ABC, CBS, Fox and NBC stations. (April 6, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Subscriptions are initially limited to locations where YouTube could get rights to local ABC, CBS, Fox and NBC stations. (April 6, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Wal-Mart doesn’t break out dollar sales for its U.S. e-commerce group. But the company began reporting year-over-year percentage changes in the group’s sales with the fourth quarter ended Jan. 31, and in that quarter sales jumped 29% from a year earlier. The gain included results from Jet.com, which Wal-Mart bought last September. In the groceries sector, “the [online] battle for supremacy is still undecided” so it makes sense for Wal-Mart to be aggressive because it’s “an area where Amazon has not dominated,” eMarketer analyst Yoram Wurmser said. Even if Wal-Mart never catches Amazon overall, “I think they can live very well alongside Amazon because they have so many stores, access to so many products and great logistics” for moving goods to consumers while keeping prices low, Nussenbaum said. When asked about competing with Amazon’s Prime membership, Lore told the conference that “we’re offering two-day free delivery [with a $35 minimum] on 2 million products. We think that’s a really compelling-value proposition, given the prices we’re offering, and we feel like we’re well-positioned to target that mass customer.” Wal-Mart is eyeing the broader goal of making it easy for customers to shift from shopping in its stores to shopping online or with their smartphones. “We believe the future of commerce is a blend of stores, online and mobile seamlessly coming together, allowing customers to shop how, when and where they want,” Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala said. As for those ModCloth customers who grumbled that the operation is now owned by Wal-Mart, Lore had this response: “If we were going, tomorrow, to take the products of ModCloth and put them on Wal-Mart and discontinue investments in them as an independent brand, absolutely I get it, I’d be complaining too,” he said. “We’re not doing that,” Lore said. “We’re keeping them as a fully independent subsidiary and we’re going to invest aggressively in the business, and the business and the customer are going to be better off.” james.peltz@latimes.com Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Amazon.com Inc. Walmart will discontinue sales of military-style high-powered assault rifles in the US All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 72°
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Trump to meet US business leaders on infrastructure, tax reform News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Trump to meet US business leaders on infrastructure, tax reform U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives on Tuesday as he works to gain support for a US$1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reform and other administration priorities, said White House spokesman Sean Spicer. Posted 11 Apr 2017 02:25 Updated 11 Apr 2017 02:55 U.S. President Donald Trump waves as he walks from Marine One upon his return to the White House in Washington, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts - RTX34UUD Enlarge Caption  Email More A A WASHINGTON: U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives on Tuesday as he works to gain support for a US$1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reform and other administration priorities, said White House spokesman Sean Spicer. Trump will meet with the heads of General Motors Co , International Business Machines Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc , a government official briefed on the matter said. Trump has pledged to unlock US$1 trillion in private and public infrastructure investments to fix bridges, improve the electrical grid and broadband internet, modernize airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans. Nearly three months after his inauguration, Trump will again seek the advice and funds of the private sector for his "national rebuilding" program. Trump also wants to streamline the income tax system, cut federal regulations, reduce corporate income tax and add new taxes to prod companies to keep or move production to the United States. He has held numerous sessions with CEOs since taking office. The chief executives are part of Trump's "Strategy and Policy Forum" that was created in December and last met with the president on Feb. 3. The business leaders from a variety of sectors will also meet in small groups with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and White House budget director Mick Mulvaney, Spicer said. Participants in Ross' meeting include Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon and Indra Nooyi, chief executive officer of PepsiCo Inc . Pruitt's meeting will include GM CEO Mary Barra and Paul Atkins, CEO of Patomak Global Partners LLC and a Republican former SEC commissioner. Chao's meeting will include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk. BlackRock CEO Larry Fink, who heads the world's largest investment management firm, in a letter to shareholders Monday backed calls for private investment to rebuild U.S. infrastructure. The Trump administration plans to unveil as soon as May the US$1 trillion infrastructure plan over 10 years. "Fixing crumbling roads and bridges is not enough. We need to be focused on reshaping our world, not just repairing it," Fink wrote. Last week, Trump pitched infrastructure projects to about 50 New York area CEOs. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn told executives that privatizing air traffic control, which the administration proposed in its budget outline in March, could be a big boost. Other chief executives taking part Tuesday include consultant EY, Boston Consulting Group, the Cleveland Clinic and Global Infrastructure Partners, an infrastructure investment fund. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Andrew Hay and Lisa Shumaker) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
AboutLawsuits.com Latest News Featured Lawsuits Zofran Xarelto Benicar Morcellation Antibiotics (Levaquin, Cipro, Avelox) Testosterone Lipitor Talcum Powder Mirena IUD Fresenius Dialysis Abilify Actos Byetta GM Recall Vaginal Mesh Tylenol Viagra Review a Case About Select a page Latest News Featured Lawsuits— Zofran— Xarelto— Benicar— Morcellation— Antibiotics (Levaquin, Cipro, Avelox)— Testosterone— Lipitor— Talcum Powder— Mirena IUD— Fresenius Dialysis— Abilify— Actos— Byetta— GM Recall— Vaginal Mesh— Tylenol— Viagra Review a Case About RSS Lawsuit Blames Nexium Side Effects For Acute and Chronic Kidney Disease Stryker LFit V40 Hip Replacement Litigation Centralized For Pretrial Proceedings Farmer Alleges Monsanto Weed Killer Caused Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma Talcum Powder Cancer Lawsuits Filed By More Than 4,000 Plaintiffs Nationwide Hernia Repair Complications Were Caused by Unsafe Ethicon Physiomesh, Lawsuit Claims Eliquis Lawsuits Begin to Move Forward in Federal Multidistrict Litigation Kidney Disease Lawsuit Filed Over Side Effects of Nexium, Prilosec Lawsuit Alleges Ovarian Cancer Caused by Baby Powder, Shower-to-Shower Exposure Groundskeeper Diagnosed with Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma Files Lawsuit over Roundup Invokana Case Filed By Seven Plaintiffs Over Ketoacidosis, Kidney Failure Injuries « » Hot Topics: Talc Powder IVC Filter Nexium/Prilosec RoundUp Viagra Xarelto TwitterFacebook Search Fresh Express Salad Recall Issued After Dead Bat Found In Bag Sold At Walmart April 10, 2017 Written by: Russell Maas Add Your Comments A recall has been issued for bags of Fresh Express salad sold at Walmart stores, following a report that indicates a dead bat was found in one of the lettuce mixes. The Walmart Fresh Express Organic Marketside Spring Mix salad recall was announced by the FDA on April 8, following at least one consumer complaint that indicates the remains of a dead animal were found in a bag they were consuming. Immediately following the report, the manufacturing company Fresh Express contacted the FDA and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to open an investigation. After analyzing the animal remains, it was determined that a bat had somehow entered the salad product bag. Although regulators have not definitively determined how or when the bat entered the spring mix product, officials believe it must have occurred sometime during the manufacturing or packaging process. CDC officials reported on April 8 that the remains of the spring mix product and the bat were collected and sent to the CDC laboratory for rabies testing, due to bats within the United States having been found to be infected with the disease. The CDC reported that due to the deteriorated condition of the bat, officials were unable to determine whether it was infected with the rabies disease and highly recommended the two consumers to seek immediate post-exposure rabies treatment out of precaution. The recall includes Organic Marketside Spring Mix packaged in 5 ounce clear containers containing the production code of G089B19 and UPC code of 6 8113132897 5. The products were marked with a “Best-If-Used-By” date of April 14, 2017. The recalled spring mix products were manufactured by Fresh Express, of Orlando, Florida. They were distributed to Walmart stores in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Virginia. According to the recall, all impacted products have been removed from store shelves in all receiving Walmart locations. However, customers are being asked to check their salad mix inventory to ensure they do not have any of the recalled products. Customers are being asked to stop consuming the recalled products immediately and to discard of them and contact Fresh Express Consumer Response Center toll-free at 800-242-5472 for information on how to receive a full refund. The CDC announced that individuals who have consumed the recalled products but did not identify any type of foreign animal remains are not at risk and do not need to contact their health department. Customers who have found animal remains should contact their primary healthcare provider and their local health department for immediate evaluation. Related Stories Walmart Four-Drawer Chest Recall Issued Due to Tip-Over Risk (8/17/2016) Meijer’s Fresh Salad Recall: Salmonella Food Poisoning Risk (7/28/2016) Cilantro Food Poisoning Fears Lead Wal-Mart, Kroger, To Pull Products From Shelves (7/30/2015) Multistate E. Coli Outbreak Leads to Ready-to-Eat Salad, Sandwich Recall (11/12/2013) Garden Fresh Foods Expands Listeria Salad Recall (10/31/2013) Tags: Rabies, Salad Recall, Walmart Tweet Share Your Comments First Name* Last Name Email* Shared Comments* I authorize the above comments be posted on this page* Yes No Have Your Comments Reviewed by a Lawyer Provide additional contact information if you want an attorney to review your comments and contact you about a potential case. This information will not be published. Contact Phone # Alt Phone # Private Comments NOTE: Providing information for review by an attorney does not form an attorney-client relationship. GA_Source GA_Medium GA_Campaign GA_Term GA_Content Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Most Recent Headlines Lawsuit Blames Nexium Side Effects For Acute and Chronic Kidney Disease (Posted 7 hours ago) Stryker LFit V40 Hip Replacement Litigation Centralized For Pretrial Proceedings (Posted 8 hours ago) Medtronic StrataMR Recall Issued for Adjustable Shunts and Valves (Posted 10 hours ago) Abbott Pulls Bioresorbable Vascular Scaffold From European Market As FDA Investigates Blood Clot Risks (Posted 11 hours ago) Farmer Alleges Monsanto Weed Killer Caused Non-Hodgkin’s Lymphoma (Posted 3 days ago) Revised Discovery Scheduled Issued for Melanoma Lawsuits Over Viagra and Cialis (Posted 3 days ago) Follow on Facebook Featured Lawsuits Talcum Powder Lawsuit Talcum powder or talc powder may cause women to develop ovarian cancer. 69 Comments RoundUp Lawsuits Exposure to RoundUp May Increase Risk of Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma and Other Cancers. Lawsuits Reviewed Nationwide. 10 Comments IVC Filter Lawsuits Design Problems with Certain IVC Filters Linked to Severe Injuries. Lawsuits Reviewed Nationwide. 21 Comments Nexium, Prilosec and Other Acid Reflux Drug Lawsuits Nexium, Prilosec and other acid reflux drug side effects may increase risk of kidney injury. Lawsuits reviewed. 33 Comments Invokana Lawsuits Side effects of Invokana have been linked to reports of ketoacidosis and kidney failure. Lawsuits are being reviewed by lawyers. 7 Comments Testosterone Lawsuits Testosterone Gel, Patches, Injections or other Treatments May Cause Heart Attacks, Strokes, Wrongful Death. 17 Comments Xarelto Lawsuits Side Effects of Xarelto May Increase Risk of Uncontrollable Bleeding. 9 Comments Viagra Melanoma Lawsuit Side Effects of Viagra Linked to Risk of Melanoma Skin Cancer 5 Comments Taxotere Lawsuits Side effects of Taxotere breast cancer drug may cause permanent hair loss. Lawsuits reviewed nationwide. 1 Comment Hip Replacement Lawsuits Lawsuits are being reviewed for several different dangerous and defective hip replacement systems. 0 Comments About AboutLawsuits.com Privacy Policy Terms of Use & Disclaimers Site Sponsored by: Saiontz & Kirk, P.A. © 2017 Copyright AboutLawsuits.com. All Rights Reserved
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Mon, Apr 10 2017. 11 00 PM IST Donald Trump to meet US business leaders on infrastructure programme, tax reform Donald Trump has pledged to unlock $1 trillion in private and public infrastructure investments and seeks to streamline the income tax system Subscribe to our newsletter. David Shepardson Donald Trump seeks the advice and funds of the private sector for his ‘national rebuilding’ programme. Photo: AP Washington: US President Donald Trump will meet about 20 chief executives on Tuesday, including heads of General Motors Co., IBM Corp. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., as he works to gain support for a $1 trillion infrastructure programme, tax reform and other administration priorities, a government official familiar with the matter said. Trump has pledged to unlock $1 trillion in private and public infrastructure investments to fix bridges, improve the electrical grid and broadband internet, modernize airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans. Nearly three months after his inauguration, Trump will again seek the advice and funds of the private sector for his “national rebuilding” programme. Trump also wants to streamline the income tax system, cut federal regulations, reduce corporate income tax and add new taxes to prod companies to keep or move production to the US. The chief executives are part of Trump’s “Strategy and Policy Forum” that was created in December and last met with the President on 3 February. ALSO READ: Tesla passes General Motors to become America’s most valuable carmaker The business leaders from a variety of sectors will also meet in small groups with transportation secretary Elaine Chao, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, commerce secretary Wilbur Ross, education secretary Betsy DeVos and White House budget director Mick Mulvaney. Participants in Ross’ meeting include Wal-Mart chief executive officer (CEO) Doug McMillon and Indra Nooyi, CEO of PepsiCo Inc . Pruitt’s meeting will include GM CEO Mary Barra and Paul Atkins, CEO of Patomak Global Partners LLC and a Republican former SEC commissioner. Chao’s meeting will include Tesla Inc chief executive Elon Musk. Fink, in a letter to shareholders on Monday, backed calls for private investment to rebuild US infrastructure. The Trump administration plans to unveil as soon as May, the $1 trillion infrastructure plan over 10 years. “Fixing crumbling roads and bridges is not enough. We need to be focused on reshaping our world, not just repairing it,” Fink wrote. Last week, Trump pitched infrastructure projects to about 50 New York area CEOs. National Economic Council director Gary Cohn told executives that privatizing air traffic control, which the administration proposed in its budget outline in March, could be a big boost. Reuters David Shepardson Topics: Donald Trump US tax reform Trump policy Elon Musk Indira Nooyi More From Livemint READ MORE SC sets aside ruling allowing compensatory tariff to Tata Power, Adani Power Rupee rally begs questions over RBI stance after lack of action G7 seeks broad support to isolate Syrian president Bashar al-Assad First Published: Mon, Apr 10 2017. 11 00 PM IST Editor's Picks Flipkart’s Sachin, Binny Bansal lose billionaire status after funding round Cyber attack on Union Bank of India similar to Bangladesh heist: Report Why Flipkart’s valuation wasn’t hurt by multiple markdowns Latest News SC sets aside ruling allowing compensatory tariff to Tata Power, Adani Power Rupee rally begs questions over RBI stance after lack of action G7 seeks broad support to isolate Syrian president Bashar al-Assad Aditya Birla Nuvo shareholders sign off Grasim merger plan Kings XI demolish Royal Challengers by 8 wickets in IPL Mint On Sunday All the world's a stage: Teaching autistic children through theatre When ant enslaves ant The beauty of a good detective story Letter from... a backpack Love in the age of terabytes Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump to meet U.S. business leaders on infrastructure, tax reform By Reuters Published: 12:57 EDT, 10 April 2017 | Updated: 14:47 EDT, 10 April 2017 e-mail By David Shepardson WASHINGTON, April 10 (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives on Tuesday as he works to gain support for a $1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reform and other administration priorities, said White House spokesman Sean Spicer. Trump will meet with the heads of General Motors Co, International Business Machines Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc, a government official briefed on the matter said. Trump has pledged to unlock $1 trillion in private and public infrastructure investments to fix bridges, improve the electrical grid and broadband internet, modernize airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans. Nearly three months after his inauguration, Trump will again seek the advice and funds of the private sector for his "national rebuilding" program. Trump also wants to streamline the income tax system, cut federal regulations, reduce corporate income tax and add new taxes to prod companies to keep or move production to the United States. He has held numerous sessions with CEOs since taking office. The chief executives are part of Trump's "Strategy and Policy Forum" that was created in December and last met with the president on Feb. 3. The business leaders from a variety of sectors will also meet in small groups with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and White House budget director Mick Mulvaney, Spicer said. Participants in Ross' meeting include Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon and Indra Nooyi, chief executive officer of PepsiCo Inc . Pruitt's meeting will include GM CEO Mary Barra and Paul Atkins, CEO of Patomak Global Partners LLC and a Republican former SEC commissioner. Chao's meeting will include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk. BlackRock CEO Larry Fink, who heads the world's largest investment management firm, in a letter to shareholders Monday backed calls for private investment to rebuild U.S. infrastructure. The Trump administration plans to unveil as soon as May the $1 trillion infrastructure plan over 10 years. "Fixing crumbling roads and bridges is not enough. We need to be focused on reshaping our world, not just repairing it," Fink wrote. Last week, Trump pitched infrastructure projects to about 50 New York area CEOs. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn told executives that privatizing air traffic control, which the administration proposed in its budget outline in March, could be a big boost. Other chief executives taking part Tuesday include consultant EY, Boston Consulting Group, the Cleveland Clinic and Global Infrastructure Partners, an infrastructure investment fund. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Andrew Hay and Lisa Shumaker) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, slips into a skimpy black bikini as she flaunts her unshaven armpits while relaxing in the sun with her rumoured beau 'They are both extremely thrilled!' Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk name newborn daughter Lea de Seine Shayk Cooper Peter Andre reveals he wants Princess to become a NUN... a week after Katie Price is slammed for sharing a snap of their daughter, 9, in plunging kaftan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Newly single Tyga cavorts with bikini babes on music video set after split with Kylie Jenner Look away, Kylie Something to tell us? Sienna Miller steps out with a little smile on her face amid claims Brad Pitt was 'seriously flirting' with her Experts reveal easy hacks to make your family's life healthier  From cooking classes, to colourful and delicious family dinners. SPONSORED Blake Lively thought her doctor was 'going to drop our baby' after husband Ryan Reynolds played Marvin Gaye's Let's Get It On during her labour Watch out, Gigi! Lisa Rinna's daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin, 18, signs with IMG Models Has strutted down the catwalks for many designers SPOILER ALERT: Danny Dyer set to make dramatic return to EastEnders as Mick Carter with 'huge punch-up with Lee Ryan's new character Woody' 'Jägerbombs, kebabs - it was a nightmare': Vicky Pattison laments her Geordie Shore diet as she sizzles in gym wear after losing 7lbs during boot camp stay Sponsored by Chanel! Bella Hadid keeps designer tote front and center as she jets off to Dubai for Dior gig Left her Manhattan apartment 'I wanted to do it to show I'm not ashamed of my body': Rebekah Vardy says she's been overwhelmed by positive response to her 'mummy tummy' shoot 'It's terrible to meet you!' Steph and Mimi lock horns, it's crunch time for Fred and Olivia, and Jamie tells Sam to 'f**k off' on Made In Chelsea Comrades in arms! North West and and little brother Saint make a run for the backyard in sweet snap posted by Kim Kardashian on National Siblings Day 'So many scars': Mama June accuses ex Sugar Bear of emotional and physical abuse... as her daughter Anna moves in with him after marriage split Off-duty model moment! Jessica Hart cuts a casual figure in skinny jeans and knee-high boots as she gets cosy with a male pal in New York Marnie Simpson lashes out at Lewis Bloor for 'stealing her bank card' in explosive footage from their Dubai trip... as he brands the claims 'ridiculous' Halle Berry posts rare photo of three-year-old son Maceo as he gazes thoughtfully at the sea Posted a rare photo of her three-year-old Maceo Lunch date! Dakota Johnson enjoys a bite at healthy restaurant in mom jeans with handsome mystery man A casual lunch with a male companion Shop till you drop! Gigi Hadid and mother Yolanda look stylish as they hit the stores in New York City  Popped into a branch of Blick Art Materials Caitlyn Jenner reveals she DID undergo gender reassignment surgery because she was 'tired of tucking the damn thing in all the time' Roll up! Johnny Depp puffs on a homemade cigarette as he resumes filming on LAbyrinth in Downtown Los Angeles Depp portrays a real life LAPD detective Charlotte Crosby worries best friend Holly Hagan will never speak to her again after she lets Kyle Christie tattoo his own face onto the back of her neck 'It's unnerving!' Amanda Holden reveals Mr. Nasty Simon Cowell has turned nice on BGT... and promises her dresses will be MORE daring than ever Cheeky! Love Island's Katie Salmon offers fans an up close view of her ample derriere as she takes saucy selfie in a scarlet thong Snow White and the pop pixie! Kristen Stewart looks just like Justin Bieber after channeling singer's beach style Bleached blonde 'Mommy daughter movie date':  Pink shares selfie with adorable Willow, five, as they head to screening of Beauty And The Beast Kym Marsh 'earns £150k a year on Coronation Street' after winning praise for character's stillbirth... but Jack P Shepherd 'earns £50k more' 50 Cent 'punches' female fan in chest after she grabs his arm and pulls him off stage during his concert in Baltimore Aggressive fan  'I'm really scared I'll be left with two saggy sacks!' Holly Hagan reveals plans for FOURTH boob job... but fears going smaller will leave her with unsightly excess skin Madonna dresses twins Esther and Stella in matching tracksuits and records them singing Shabbat Shalom Lord of the rings! Jason Statham, 49, shows off his RIPPED physique as he reveals he's achieved his buff body through gymnastic training Tension on the beach! Pia Miller shows off her toned legs in tiny shorts as she and James Stewart share intense exchange during filming for Home And Away 'I'm grateful to have you!' Chris Pratt shares a sweet kiss with Anna Faris at the Guardians Of The Galaxy: Vol. 2 premiere in Tokyo Paid touching tribute So happy! Rob Kardashian posts rare selfie as former recluse gushes over five month 'birthday' of daughter Dream Hang loose! Barack and Michelle Obama enjoy South Pacific escape by swimming and paddleboarding Pictured enjoying some boat activities She's sure to make a splash! Home And Away newcomer Sophie Dillman goes surfing in an orange bikini as she films scenes with a shirtless James Stewart 'I almost ran away!' New Doctor Who recruit Pearl Mackie reveals she was nervous about meeting Peter Capaldi... as star discusses his decision to quit Just the two of us! Charlotte Crosby and Stephen Bear say they have BANNED threesomes... despite propositioning two reporters in a week A special brew! A radiant Pia Miller looks loved-up with boyfriend Tyson Mullane as couple pose for a photo during coffee date Harry Styles was 'in the running to play Han Solo in Star Wars spin-off... but bosses decided he'd be impossible to lock down due to his music career' Any regrets? Tyga indulges in retail therapy as 'ex' Kylie Jenner gets lucrative deal for solo reality series It was just one week after reports the rapper and Kylie have broken up SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Lady Kitty cuts a stripy fine figure: Diana's niece shows off her slender frame as she post picture of herself in multi-coloured dress 'You're a MONSTER!' Chris Harper reveals abuse he gets for playing Coronation Street groomer Nathan Curtis... as he confirms plans to leave the soap 'You were very naughty': Christine Lampard reveals husband Frank stopped speaking to her following very cheeky dream Casey Batchelor shows off her toned figure in a skimpy bikini as she contorts her body into an extreme yoga pose during sunkissed beach break 'Good top to bottom': Nick Viall overexposes fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi as skirt rises up during lift on DWTS Dancing With The Stars faux pas 'Goodbye Girls!' Lena Dunham pays tribute to Jemima Kirke and Zosia Mamet after revealing they won't appear in series finale Mel B puts on a brave face as she visits her lawyers after breaking month-long social media silence... having gained restraining order against her husband Red Alert! Hilary Duff stands out in scarlet and pink jacket while filming TV series Younger in NYC The actress shot scenes with Molly Bernard for season four of  Younger Lady Victoria Hervey pictured for the first time since expressing fears Mel B's husband Stephen Belafonte secretly taped their wild drunken threesome 'Fifth element flow!' Katy Perry looks dramatically different as she chops off the rest of her hair She's been experimenting with her hair in recent months PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: That's not much Material, girl! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, gives a glimpse of cheeky new 'W' tattoo in sexy pink bikini Making them green with envy! Delta Goodrem stuns in flowing floral dress at Melbourne meet and greet as she stops to sign autographs 'I'd have them now!' Smitten TOWIE star Mario Falcone reveals he wants babies with girlfriend Becky Miesner but she admits she's waiting for a proposal 'There's no end in sight!' Broadchurch fans are still no closer to finding out who raped Trish as FOUR suspects emerge in the penultimate episode 'Do you like sweets?' Jamie Laing put Claude Littner to shame as he mercilessly grilled the only candidate who wanted to be his 'pardy' organizer on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  'It's feelin' like summer!' Skye Wheatley reveals her tiny waist and sizable side-boob in racy one-piece swimsuit as she takes a dip in the pool 'There's some jealousy!' Kylie Jenner sparks envy in the Kardashian family as new solo reality show is confirmed Reality stardom brought her entire family fame Gemma Arterton looks sensational in a knitted tangerine two-piece for her appearance on The One Show as she continues to promote Their Finest Jason Manford's debut on The Nightly Show comes under fire for 'cutting Jane McDonald off' as he wrestles stage invader to the floor 'Making a mockery' Spec-tacular blunder! Interviewer smacks Nicole Richie's sunglasses from her face trying to give high five Kelly Clarkson laughs about hitting the wrong note while recording her eighth studio album Pop powerhouse's three-octave soprano pipes failed her  Iggy Azalea claims she lost 15 pounds twerking - is that possible? And is it HEALTHY? A doctor explains... Explaining the dance's pitfalls Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves steps out in pink suit as he spends THREE hours getting botox and fillers... after having fat removed and injected into his bottom Was this a navy lark? I've heard fruitier language on Blue Peter: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Reviewed Warship (C4) 'Men are jealous of me!' Nick Cannon jokes about rumors he caused Mariah Carey's split from Bryan Tanaka 'Feeling it!' Reese Witherspoon works on her svelte figure as she tackles yoga and jogging on the same day Mark Latimer survived suicide and detectives played by David Tennant and Olivia Colman were about to solve the case in Broadchurch, by Jim Shelley Flower power! AnnaLynne McCord steps out in floral-print trousers for film screening and panel on modern day slavery Human rights advocate Legs for days! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in a blue mini dress after revealing that she has undergone gender reassignment surgery  'Lost at sea!' Lindsay Lohan strips off to  strike a saucy pose in her bed on a luxury yacht Pregnant Tamsin Egerton shows off her petite bump in casual chic outfit as doting dad Josh Hartnett enjoys a stroll with their daughter Expanding the family 'Let's get this show on the road': Ant and Dec deliver powerful Britain's Got Talent speech in new advert for the show... but Simon Cowell can't resist cheekily interrupting Make-up free Charlotte Crosby glows with happiness as she arrives in Sydney to be reunited with boyfriend Stephen Bear Not so anarchic now! Charlie Hunnam smartens up in a buttoned shirt for lunch with his love Morgana McNelis 'Daddy was sick in the toilet': Stephanie Davis shares graphic clip of nauseated ex Jeremy McConnell changing their son Caben's nappy... as he embarks on rehab stay 'I'm not entirely sure it will ever truly sink in': Ella Eyre reveals her father passed away just ONE DAY before she put on an energetic show at London club  Back to the 80s! Matthew McConaughey rocks retro slicked back hairdo and mustache as he joins wife Camila Alves at fundraiser Twinning! Matt Damon and Chris Hemsworth sport baseball caps and casual wear as Hollywood BFFs dress to match on American's visit Down Under 'Little legends': Rebecca Judd shares adorable snap of twin sons Tom and Darcy holding hands 'White trash!' Jax Taylor has trouble adjusting to farm life in Vanderpump Rules spin-off with Brittany Cartwright Storm Keating shows off her huge bump in a sun-soaked bikini snap as she and Ronan prepare for the birth of their first baby together next month 'People have to start respecting the vagina': Emily Ratajkowski and Janelle Monae lead cast of 'fresh faces' talking feminism, race, and Trump as they each land  a cover of Marie Claire EXCLUSIVE: 'I can't lose my sons too': Jade Goody's ex Jeff Brazier calls for young boys to be vaccinated against HPV which can cause cancer in men Gym buddies! A slender Roxy Jacenko shares a quick embrace with former NRL player Ben Lucas on the way into workout session 'Long hair on the way!' Roxy Jacenko gets extensions added into trademark blonde tresses at salon Young love! Willow Smith and 'boyfriend' Tyler Cole walk arm in arm in the sunshine Smith was seen taking a walk with him in Los Angeles on Sunday Bikini-clad Zara Holland puts on a busty display as she enjoys boat ride during sun-filled getaway in Barbados Belly prancer! Ariel Winter flashes her stomach yet again in skimpy crop top as she stretches legs in LA The busty beauty seemed in high spirits  'Feeling better than I've ever felt': Demi Lovato encourages fans to practice 'self love' in Instagram post after overcoming body image issues Snowflake kisses! Olivia Holt and her boyfriend share some sweet PDA as they hit the slopes in Tahoe The 19-year-old Disney star was seen with her birthday beau Kristen Stewart flashes her tummy (and a peek of underboob) in crop top while out with girlfriend Stella Maxwell Looking bow-tiful! Gwen Stefani perfectly co-ordinates her outfit... right down to the gift She has handled many a room on her own as a successful solo act Flawless and fancy free! Mum-of-six Madeleine West looks radiant as she goes make-up free while enjoying a school holiday sleep in Tatt's painful! Charlotte Crosby comforts boyfriend Stephen Bear as he winces in pain while getting an elaborate Banksy tattoo Frill seeker! Leggy Abbey Clancy looks chic in a biker jacket, frayed jeans and embellished mules as she runs errands in London  'We won't see Chewbacca unless it's on Star Wars!' Lisa Oldfield says 'basic b***h' Krissy Marsh WON'T be back for season two of RHOS Kristina Rihanoff showcases her incredible post-baby body in retro polka dot bikini as she soaks up the sun in Tenerife  Cheeky mirror selfie Anthony Kiedis packs on the PDA with mystery brunette as they enjoy romantic getaway in Venice Fancy seeing you here! Exes Drake and Rihanna end up at the same children's birthday party  'Cool Cousins!' Jessica Simpson's daughter Maxwell poses up a storm with Ashlee's boy Bronx The Simpson genes clearly run strong Tatt's nice! Shanina Shaik proudly shows off stunning engagement ring and first inking on her lower forearm Shanina Shaik, 26, took to Instagram to debut her first tattoo Life With Kylie! Jenner lands her own reality show as she branches out alone from the Kardashians She's grown up in front of the cameras  From noughties to naughties: Meg Mathews shares very intimate picture of her tanned naked body as she covers her modesty with a blanket Sir Tom puts lavish Beverly Hills home on the market for a cool £6.45million - featuring leopard-print dining room and jaw-dropping outdoor pool  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Louis Tomlinson wears tracksuit to go shopping with forlorn girlfriend Eleanor Calder... as airport brawl hearing is delayed Healthy-looking Paul Gascoigne browses the window of his local Oxfam before stopping to take a selfie in a coffee shop as he hunts for a new home 'Sweat game was strong': Model Natalie Roser works out at the gym in skimpy sports bra and skintight leggings after new beau Harley Bonner dropped the L word Gaz Beadle's girlfriend Emma McVey sets pulses racing in a skimpy charcoal grey bikini as she flaunts her killer abs while holidaying in Australia 'Mrs T you look UNREAL': John Terry's bikini-clad wife Toni shows off impressively toned figure in sizzling holiday snaps... to the delight of her husband  Steve Coogan and John C. Reilly are barely recognisable as they transform into iconic comedy movie duo Laurel & Hardy for new biopic Yazmin Oukhellou flaunts her derriere in skin tight leggings at TOWIE filming... following feud with boyfriend James Lock's ex Danielle Armstrong 'Stop stealing roles!' Elle Fanning faces a furious backlash over the decision to cast her, and not a transgender actor, as a trans boy in controversial new film 3 Generations Rita Ora rocks her typically edgy style in floaty sheer gown with staggering ankle boots as she steps out in London Hot Right Now star  Jemma Lucy reveals her new nude female tattoo is a portrait of 'ex-girlfriend' Chantelle Connelly NOT former mentor Katie Price She confused fans  'Three generations of bada**women': Ruby Rose shares flashback image of her younger self with lookalike mother and grandmother EXCLUSIVE: 'Bye Bye Boobs!' Real Housewives of Orange County star Kelly Dodd has breast reduction surgery, downsizing her '32 G's'  'I got enough pigs chasing me in NY': Bethenny Frankel stuns in blue bikini as she visits famous bay of swimming sows in Bahamas Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a tiny white bikini as she shares more eye-popping snaps from her Maldives getaway Scantily-clad snaps  'You have to be apart to appreciate it': Coleen Nolan hints she and Ray Fensome may be back on track after discussing marriage break on Loose Women FIRST LOOK: Chris Hemsworth prepares to do battle with Tom Hiddleston and Cate Blanchett in explosive trailer for Thor: Ragnarok Megan McKenna looks stony-faced as she gets back to work on TOWIE for first time since being physically restrained during blazing row with ex Pete Wicks  Elsa Hosk swaps her usual figure-flaunting style for chic gold statement coat as she steps out in New York Victoria's Secret model looked stylish 'He had it': Dunkirk director Christopher Nolan gushes over Harry Styles as he reveals how the singer landed his first cinematic role  Lisa's wild side! Rinna, 53, showcases muscular physique in leopard print bikini after explosive RHOBH finale Showcasing her killer physique It Girls on parade! Gigi Hadid, Sofia Richie and Jasmine Tookes strike a pose in new Tommy Hilfiger campaign  Joined by Anwar Hadid and Lucky Blue Smith 'Don't ask!' Sofia Richie dons a bikini as she leaps aboard a jet-ski while living it up in Qatar Jet-ski jaunt into the Persian Gulf 'The lady to my right is snapping a pic of my booty!' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson calls out cheek fan during surprise appearance at Disney 'I can't lose my sons too': Jade Goody's widow Jeff Brazier calls for young boys to be vaccinated against HPV which can cause cancer in men EXCLUSIVE: 'It's a game changer': MIC's Fredrik Ferrier on what he thinks about Binky Felstead and JPs baby... as he unveils plans to release an album Embattled Mel B breaks month-long social media silence after gaining restraining order against estranged husband Stephen Belafonte amid divorce 'We're taking things step by step': Missé Beqiri hints she would like children with beau Jake Hall... after fans speculate if she is pregnant Zoe Saldana flaunts her incredible figure in a sheer voluminous co-ord as she steals the show at Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in Tokyo 'I'm very proud!' Freida Pinto gushes over her Teletubbies past after revealing she played Laa-Laa during kids' entertainer gig Slumdog Millionaire star 'It takes me home': Australian model Shanina Shaik opens up about perks of modelling for David Jones after steamy photo shoot with fiancé DJ Ruckus Right on the Monae! Janelle stuns in revealing frock as she soaks up the rays in luxury Dominican Republic villa 'Person or persons?' Broadchurch fans go wild on Twitter as star Mark Bazeley suggests more than one person could be involved in Trish Waterman's rape PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Amy Childs protectively pats her huge bump in low-cut black swimsuit as she enjoys break in Israel ahead of her due date Prince charming! Charles leaves the local women in fits of giggles as he visits a community centre on a whistlestop tour of Cumbria 'Oh boy!' Ryan Lochte's model love Kayla Rae Reid celebrates her baby shower with lavish party She's expecting her first child  Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway accused of 'fixing' its competition as contestant gets final question wrong... but still wins grand prize Lingerie-clad Bella Hadid flashes nipple in outtake from LOVE magazine spread Shared a naughty nip-slip Polaroid outtake from shoot 'His endgame was fame': Mariah Carey, 46, and Bryan Tanaka, 33, 'SPLIT following his insane jealousy over her relationship with Nick Cannon Former TOWIE beauty Pascal Craymer raises temperatures as she shows off her sensational body in a hot pink bikini during cooldown in the sea 'She doesn't care': Corrie's Tristan Gemmill insists his wife is fine with his steamy on-screen scenes... after revealing he auditioned to play JAMES BOND Top of the pops! Drake and Rihanna lead the pack as the 2017 Billboard Music Awards nominations are announced Leaders of the pack 'He's made such a good impression on everyone': Jason Momoa poses for MORE fan snaps as burly hunk is praised by crew members Down Under Father daughter date! Mindy Kaling takes her dad to the basketball to watch the Lakers face off against the Timberwolves   The duo sat courtside 'The biggest misconception is that I am a ditzy party girl!' Ita Buttrose's socialite niece Lizzie reveals she wants to be on The Real Housewives of Sydney to 'reinvent herself' EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd been planning the break-up for three months... but never had the guts': Holly Hagan discusses Kyle Christie split... and THAT horrendous tattoo 'Don't scare me': Kim Kardashian sobs while learning of husband Kanye West's mental breakdown on KUWTK The 36-year-old reality star received a bad call  Lucy Mecklenburgh flaunts her sensational figure in a series of skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sunshine Thrilled to be back in the sunshine Prince's ex reveals her heartbreak after star burned everything in their dead son's nursery including his urn after... as she shares never-before-seen photos Baby joy for Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk as couple welcome their first child Hollywood actor and Victoria's Secret model are parents Inside the intimate venue where Pippa Middleton will walk down the aisle: Kate's sister chooses family church St Mark's in Berkshire (and it's private)  Lottie Moss enjoys low-key night out with pals after lamenting her 'worrying' choice in men... as beau Alex Mytton is seen groping mystery blonde  Who's Laughing Now? Jessie J flaunts her hot body in miniscule brown bikini before slipping into sexy bright pink two-piece on holiday  Incredible bikini body 'Has Hazel Irvine gone see through?' BBC Sport presenter sends Twitter wild as her top matching the azalea hedge behind her during Masters coverage EXCLUSIVE: My mother's 'hatred' for her Meghan Markle: Prince Harry's girlfriend's family hit as her niece says her own 'abusive' mom is 'jealous'  Stocking up for summer? Nicole Kidman's husband Keith Urban showcases his tattoos as he buys beach umbrellas in Nashville Pregnant Binky Felstead wraps up her burgeoning bump as she returns from Mauritius babymoon with beau Josh 'JP' Patterson Bromance! Matt Damon spends time Down Under with Chris Hemsworth at the Australian star's Byron Bay home Great friends for years Ridiculous ruffles, Bridget Jones pants and Rose Leslie flashes her designer boxers: It's curtains for the 2017 Olivier Awards' worst dressed stars Kate Beckinsale shows off her sensational figure in a red and white strapless bikini as she lounges on glorious hammock over the ocean Enjoyed the heatwave? Lorraine Kelly reveals painful looking sunburn on her arms as she dons chic cream dress Clad in a sleeveless cream dress Mel B 'credits her boss Simon Cowell with helping her to finally leave "bad news" husband Stephen Belafonte amid claims of a decade of abuse' 'I'm not someone who won't eat a chip': Louise Redknapp, 42, shows off her toned stomach for sizzling fitness shoot... as she reveals her attitude to eating  Lauren Goodger debuts new extension-free hairstyle on Instagram after celebrating a milestone one year with jailbird beau Joey Morrison Who nose what he's done? Jean-Claude Van Damme wears a facial bandage... but slips it off for photo Was spotted with a friend in a convertible Teri Hatcher cuts a chic figure in a pastel pink waterfall coat as she takes on role of new villain in Supergirl on set in Vancouver Filming in Canada One racy number! Jenson Button's model girlfriend Brittny Ward turns her sexy snaps up a gear as she poses in VERY seductive bikini Instagrams Goldie Hawn can't stop giggling with old pal Quincy Jones at gala... before they're hilariously dwarfed by basketball star Kareem Abdul-Jabbar 'Trying on swimmers for vacay!' MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts her toned frame in slinky one-shouldered swimsuit... as she preps for FIFTH holiday Lewis Hamilton gets Chinese tattoo meaning 'brave warrior' and 'love' on same day he won Grand Prix in Shanghai Hamilton showed off the his latest tattoo Ryan Giggs's estranged wife Stacey arrives at the High Court for the latest round of their £48million divorce battle So it continues That's the spirit! Mischa Barton enjoys leisurely rooftop drinks with a male pal... after winning restraining order extension to block sale of her sex tape British Vogue appoints its first ever black MALE editor who wants to end the 'white-out that dominates magazines' - and who pipped Sam Cam's sister to the post  Only the best for Miss West! North, three, hints at her superstar roots as she totes £4K Fendi handbag for church trip with cousin Penelope Cute cousins 'We are so proud of you': Jools Oliver wishes daughter Daisy a happy 14th birthday with sweet Instagram snap of her cradling baby River Mum of five Ashley James flashes sideboob and her peachy posterior in a skimpy white swimsuit in sizzling throwback snap   Body confidence queen Greg Rutherford and partner Susie Verrill announce they are expecting another little boy in July in sweet Instagram post with son Milo, 2 David Beckham enjoys some bonding time with daughter Harper as she plants a kiss on his cheek in adorable snap He spent last weekend bonding with his sons 'He's a bit seedy and a loner': Riz Ahmed's character is hailed as a 'terrific creation' as he stars alongside Billie Piper in 'intense' City Of Tiny Lights He shoots, he scores! Ansel Elgort takes high school sweetheart Violetta Komyshan on date to a hockey game... and wins a sweet kiss Just the two of us 'She wants it done and dusted': Mel B 'to offer Stephen Belafonte £5M and private island in divorce settlement... but only if he agrees to gagging order' 'Girls are better at investigating!' Freida Pinto hints she'd like to play a female 007... but says she'd only take Bond Girl role if she 'had a voice'  'I don't have a problem with it': Tom Hiddleston reveals he's confident and comfortable doing nude scenes He's left fans very hot under the collar Disturbing truth about Janet Jackson's marriage: How pop star's wedding to her Qatari husband was a mixing of two VERY different cultures  My children won't get their hands on my fortune, says Gordon Ramsay as he reveals they don't get to sit in first class with him or eat at his restaurants Michael McIntyre hobbles along in a support boot as he jets off on Easter holidays with wife Kitty and their sons Family time 'It's graphic torture threats': Chloe Madeley shares sizzling bikini-clad selfie... after revealing she's hired a private investigator amid stalker hell Pretty Little High-Flyers: Ashley Benson is pictured with handsome mystery man as they leave the iconic Chateau Marmont together  Game of Thrones couple Kit Harington and Rose Leslie put on an amorous display at the 2017 Olivier Awards... as the stunning actress flashes her Dior boxers Belle of the ball! Amanda Holden dazzles in Beauty and the Beast inspired backless ball gown at the 2017 Olivier Awards Britain's Got Talent judge Tearful Billie Piper thanks her children as she wins Best Actress while Harry Potter and the Cursed Child steals the show scooping NINE prizes at the Oliviers Have I Told You Lately That I Love You: Rod Stewart, 72, and Penny Lancaster, 46, look close as they hold hands on family outing in Bel Air EastEnders' £400,000-a-year bad boy Danny Dyer 'earns £100,000 MORE than any of his co-stars including soap icons Steve McFadden and June Brown' Tatt's another one! Brooklyn Beckham goes under the needle again... days after being accused of 'disrespect' over 'meaningless' Native American tattoo 'You will be in my heart forever': RHOM's Gina Liano posts touching tribute to late father Nick after he passes away at age 83 following battle with dementia  TOWIE's Danielle Armstrong flaunts her sensational figure in sizzling red swimsuit... days after shock brawl with Yazmin Oukhellou over ex James Lock Embattled Mel B stopped by police for minor traffic violation in Los Angeles amid scandal-ridden split with Stephen Belafonte In her Range Rover Victoria Beckham's sold out Target range is selling for FOUR times the price on eBay... as star issues an apology after customers complain  'It's a nightmare for his career': Harry Styles could miss out on number one spot for debut solo single due to Spotify 'streaming error' Bad luck, Harry Charlotte Crosby's boyfriend Stephen Bear reveals VERY racy way he keeps the romance alive when they're apart and says he wants to PROPOSE in this year Ex-TOWIE star Jessica Wright giggles her way through cosy dinner with male pal as she dazzles in chic floral gown Eating out with friends in London Nancy Dell'Olio appears in high spirits in jaw-dropping sheer gown as she leads the jubilant celebrations at the Olivier Awards after-party SPOILER ALERT: 'No more heartache!' Homeland fans take to Twitter to mourn the shocking death of beloved character during season finale Mum-of-two Myleene Klass shows off her superb bikini body in a skimpy black and white two piece as she splashes around in Sri Lanka Millie Mackintosh goes for boho summer chic as she enjoys a smooch with boyfriend Hugo Taylor on leisurely night out Leisurely evening out Lily Collins keeps it casual in an oversized denim jacket and baggy trousers as she runs errands An altogether more pared back look  Daddy off duty! Liam Payne, 23, leaves new mum Cheryl, 33, home with their baby as he plays basketball in the glorious sunshine Quiet time 'It's like he's never been gone!': Twitter goes wild for Eamonn Holmes as he reunites with Kate Garraway after 12 years and returns to ITV breakfast 'I saved her life when she had a seizure': 'Panicked' Zoe Hardman relives horrific moment she found four-month-old baby Luna convulsing in her cot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest News Dow 20,658 +1.92 +0.01% Nasdaq 5,881 +3.11 +0.05% S&P 500 2,357 +1.62 +0.07% 2:17 A.M. ET HSBC hits Huishan Dairy with default claim 2:16 A.M. ET Australia business conditions at best since crisis 2:16 A.M. ET JD Sports full-year profit up 56% despite Brexit 2:15 A.M. ET Qualcomm hits back at Apple in legal battle 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers price target lifted to $43 from $37: RBC Capital 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers lifted to outperform from sector perform: RBC Capital 1:23 A.M. ET 'Competitive concerns over Yelp's relevance are overdone': Pacific Crest 1:23 A.M. ET Yelp lifted to overweight from sector weight, $43 price target: Pacific Crest 1:19 A.M. ET Oil prices steady after a 5-day winning streak 4/10 Qualcomm says Apple would be nothing without its technology 4/10 Commodity gains boost Asian markets, offsetting geopolitical worries 4/10 Updated Judge rules Texas voter ID law discriminatory, again 4/10 Updated Alabama governor’s wife discovered affair on iCloud account 4/10 U.S. says Russian master of malware arrested in Spain 4/10 Updated U.S. takes hard line on Syria as Tillerson meets with G-7 4/10 Barclays CEO probed over whistleblower search 4/10 Opinion Journal:Repeal and Replace Revival? 4/10 Yellen says Fed’s efforts shifting from acceleration to cruise control 4/10 San Bernardino School Shooting Leaves 3 Dead, 1 Wounded 4/10 Updated Embattled Alabama governor steps down amid scandal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Gross things found in people’s food reaches a new low: a dead bat By Emma Court Published: Apr 10, 2017 11:38 a.m. ET Share The discovery of a dead bat inside a bagged salad sold at Walmart has prompted an investigation and a Fresh Express recall Getty Images By EmmaCourt Reporter Fresh Express’ Marketside Spring Mix prepackaged salad is five ounces worth of organic baby lettuces, baby greens and the bitter red green radicchio. At least one container of the mix recently included another ingredient: a dead bat. Two Walmart WMT, +0.22%  customers in Florida made the unappetizing discovery only after eating some of the salad. The incident has sparked an investigation by state and federal health agencies, along with a “precautionary” recall by the manufacturer, privately held Cavendish Global Ltd.’s Fresh Express. The product was distributed only to southeastern U.S. Walmart locations, and Walmart has removed the product from its shelves, according to Fresh Express. The story is only the latest in gross things being found in people’s food, many of which seem to involve salad. Related: 5 food additives even grosser than ‘pink slime’ In 2014, for example, a New York City woman found a lizard in her Guy & Gallard kale salad. A Wall Street Journal employee found a dead frog in her Pret A Manger salad the year before. Back then, the Consumer Reports publication Consumerist said it had noticed “a strange uptick” in such reports, noting “we came to call all animals included in food that weren’t meant to be there, from rats to insects to chunks of snake, ‘free frogs.’” Fresh Express did not say how the bat might have ended up in its salad mix. The company said it complies with all food safety regulations and has a number of controls during growing, harvesting and manufacturing to keep out unwanted materials. Fresh Express recalled all salads made in the same production run but no other salads from the same Marketside line or other Fresh Express salads. See: Your favorite food? It’s probably fake Walmart's strategy on food safety and affordability (3:07) Frank Yiannas, vice president of Food Safety at Walmart Stores, discusses the strategy for reducing risk and providing consumers with safe, affordable foods at America's largest grocery chain. He spoke with WSJ's Sarah Nassauer at the WSJ Global Food Forum in New York. Various public health agencies are investigating the bat situation, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Food and Drug Administration and the Florida Department of Health. Though the CDC tried to determine whether the bat had rabies, its “deteriorated condition“ prevented ruling rabies out. Because of the slight possibility of rabies transmission, the two affected people — both of whom report being in good health — have been encouraged to seek treatment for the viral disease rabies. Rabies can cause serious brain disease and death, and treatment after exposure typically involves administering an antibody and the rabies vaccine. Those who have already eaten the salad mix in question and didn’t find a dead bat shouldn’t be concerned, the CDC said. More from MarketWatch The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Flights to Europe Heavily Discounted This Summer 10 shocking passages from the Wells Fargo report on aggressive sales practices Quote References WMT +0.16 +0.22% Most Popular What United should have done in response to that video of a man being violently pulled off a flight Positive buzz sends first marijuana ETF sharply higher in early days of trading Why you, too, could get dragged off a plane if the airline overbooks your flight ‘Re-accommodate’ is United’s euphemism for forcibly dragging passenger off an airplane Can employers solve the student-loan crisis? Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com Get Matched with the Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.49% 30 yr fixed 4% 15 yr fixed 3.14% 10 yr fixed 2.97% 30 yr fixed refi 4.02% 15 yr fixed refi 3.21% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.32% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.8% $50K HELOC 4.81% $75K HELOC 4.81% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.77% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.32% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.2% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.77% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.34% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.35% 48 Mo New Car 3.22% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.56% 12.47% 11.98% Business 13.62% 13.49% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.79% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.98% 14.89% 14.39% Airline 15.73% 15.62% 15.13% Cash Back 15.76% 15.66% 15.33% Reward 15.79% 15.70% 15.30% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.11% 18.04% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.17% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $73.06 +0.16 (+0.22%) Volume 6.8M Open $72.99 High $73.48 Low $72.73 P/E Ratio 16.64 Div Yield 2.79 Market Cap 221.1B
Sections Watchlist Signup • Login Search Home Latest News Markets Personal Finance Retirement Investing FA Center Economy & Politics Real Estate Quotes Video SectorWatch Profile Settings Email & Alerts Watchlist Games Bulletin US Europe Asia FX Rates Futures Range 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M 1Y 2Y Dow 20,658.02 1.92 0.01% S&P 500 2,357.16 1.62 0.07% Nasdaq 5,880.93 3.11 0.05% GlobalDow 2,677.66 -1.81 -0.07% Gold 1,258.30 4.40 0.35% Oil 52.88 -0.20 -0.38% S&P 500 Movers(%) WFM 10.0 HES 4.0 R 2.7 RIG 2.6 AMD -3.1 MU -3.1 NVDA -2.6 INCY -2.3 Latest NewsAll Times Eastern 2:17a HSBC hits Huishan Dairy with default claim 2:16a Australia business conditions at best since crisis 2:16a JD Sports full-year profit up 56% despite Brexit 2:15a Qualcomm hits back at Apple in legal battle 2:07a Toll Brothers price target lifted to $43 from $37: RBC Capital 2:07a Toll Brothers lifted to outperform from sector perform: RBC Capital 1:23a 'Competitive concerns over Yelp's relevance are overdone': Pacific Crest 1:23a Yelp lifted to overweight from sector weight, $43 price target: Pacific Crest 1:19a Oil prices steady after a 5-day winning streak 04/10 Qualcomm says Apple would be nothing without its technology to be replaced Welcome to your new quote page We're hard at work to transition all ticker pages to this new look and feel. Have questions or concerns? Please email us at mwfeedback@marketwatch.com. Learn about the new look … or Dismiss this message Home Investing Quotes Stocks United States WMT Stock Screener Earnings Calendar Sectors NYSE WMT U.S.: NYSE Join TD Ameritrade Find a Broker Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Watchlist CreateWMTAlert After Hours Last Updated: Apr 10, 2017 7:44 p.m. $ 73.14 0.08 0.11% After Hours Volume: 678.9K Close Chg Chg % $73.06 0.16 0.22% Advanced Charting 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M YTD 1Y 3Y All $ % Vol 73.92% vs Avg. Volume: 6.8M 65 Day Avg. - 9.2M Open: 72.99 Close: 73.06 72.73 Day Low/High 73.48 Day Range 62.72 52 Week Low/High 75.19 Your Watchlist Customize MarketWatch Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started. Create Account … or Log In Symbol Last Chg Chg % No Items in Watchlist There are currently no items in this Watchlist. Add Ticker to Watchlist (Go to Your Watchlist) No Saved Watchlists Create a list of the investments you want to track. Create Watchlist …or try this starter list Uh oh Something went wrong while loading Watchlist. Go to Watchlist Recently Viewed Tickers No Recent Tickers Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here. Search Tickers Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders Key Data Open $72.99 Market Cap $221.11B Shares Outstanding 3.07B Public Float 1.49B Beta 0.55 Rev. per Employee $210.93K P/E Ratio 16.64 EPS $4.39 Yield 2.79% Dividend $0.51 Exercise Dividend Date Dec 7, 2017 Short Interest 35.92M 03/15/17 % of Float Shorted 2.41% Average Volume 9.22M Performance 5 Day 1.46% 1 Month 3.31% 3 Month 7.08% YTD 5.70% 1 Year 6.19% Recent News MarketWatch Other Dow Jones Gross things found in people’s food reaches a new low: a dead bat Apr. 10, 2017 at 11:38 a.m. ET by Emma Court 5 things that prove rich people are cheap Apr. 8, 2017 at 11:16 a.m. ET by Catey Hill Stock market closes fractionally lower after jobs report, Syria strike Apr. 7, 2017 at 4:59 p.m. ET by Barbara Kollmeyer Wal-Mart, Boeing's stocks doing the heavy lifting as Dow struggles to end week higher The Dow Jones Industrial Average's tentative afternoon gain on Friday was being almost entirely supported by a rise in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Boeing Co. Combined, Wal-Mart and Boeing's share gains were adding about 16 points to the blue-chip index , which was aiming for a close in positive territory for the day and week. However, Goldman Sach Group's 0.7% decline was helping to drag the gauge lower, cutting about 10 points from the price-weighted benchmark. Meanwhile, the S&P 500 index was up less than a point at 2,357, and the Nasdaq Composite Index was trading flat at 5,881. Cautious trading Friday comes as disappointing March employment data and President Donald Trump's late Thursday airstrike against Syria weigh heavily on investor sentiment. Trump also is holding diplomatic talks with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping in Mar-a-lago, Fla., which is being closely followed for signs of geopolitical tensions. The U.S. strike against Syria and jobs report initially knocked stocks around but the market has shown an uncanny degree of resilience, hovering in the green, however slight. Apr. 7, 2017 at 12:57 p.m. ET by Mark DeCambre Wal-Mart de Mexico sales growth sputters in Q1 MEXICO CITY -- Mexico's biggest retailer, Wal-Mart de Mexico SAB, saw first-quarter sales expand at their slowest pace in over two years, held back by an incipient slowdown in consumption, protests, and several negative calendar effects. Apr. 6, 2017 at 9:13 p.m. ET by MarketWatch.com Amazon’s next customer: Americans who don’t have a bank account Apr. 5, 2017 at 6:48 a.m. ET by Maria LaMagna Aldi, Lidl's U.K. market share reaches record high LONDON--German retailers Aldi and Lidl continue to take market share from the top four U.K. grocers, pushing their share of the market to record highs, two surveys showed Tuesday, although growth was slower than the comparable period of 2016 because of the later Easter holiday. Apr. 4, 2017 at 3:53 a.m. ET by MarketWatch.com Yale fund chief reveals truth about hedge fund failures Apr. 1, 2017 at 11:30 a.m. ET by Mitch Tuchman How to retire early: A 5-step plan Apr. 1, 2017 at 11:29 a.m. ET by Andrea Coombes Amazon to eliminate unprofitable Quidsi unit 7 years after acquisition Mar. 29, 2017 at 7:32 p.m. ET by Laura Stevens Shoppers get mad as hell when their favorite brand is bought by the big guys Mar. 27, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET by Alessandra Malito Amazon joins Martha Stewart for meal kit delivery as battle for online grocery heats up Mar. 25, 2017 at 10:16 a.m. ET by Tonya Garcia Wal-Mart is beating the pants off Amazon in apparel, and it’s fighting to keep it that way Mar. 25, 2017 at 10:16 a.m. ET by Tonya Garcia Wal-Mart targets new, wealthier customers with niche site acquisitions Mar. 24, 2017 at 9:13 a.m. ET by Sarah Nassauer Wal-Mart acquires women's fashion and accessories retailer ModCloth Wal-Mart Stores Inc. confirmed Friday that it has acquired ModCloth, a women's clothing and accessories retailer that offers plus sizes. ModCloth will continue to operate its website and bricks-and-mortar store, located in Austin, Texas, as a complement to Wal-Mart's other e-commerce sites. In recent weeks, Wal-Mart has acquired other e-commerce sites, including Moosejaw, an outdoor retailer, and Shoebuy. ModCloth was founded in 2002 and had been headquartered in San Francisco since 2009, with offices in Los Angeles and Pittsburgh. ModCloth Chief Executive Matthew Kaness, along with his executive team, and more than 300 employees, will continue to run the business. Wal-Mart shares are up 0.3% in Friday trading, and 4.7% for the last year. The S&P 500 index is up 16.6% for the past 12 months, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up nearly 20% for the period. Mar. 17, 2017 at 3:54 p.m. ET by Tonya Garcia 11 retailers still thriving as Amazon threatens on all fronts Mar. 15, 2017 at 12:41 p.m. ET by Philip van Doorn Wal-Mart, Wingstop among companies paying a price for delayed tax refunds Mar. 15, 2017 at 9:19 a.m. ET by Tonya Garcia Amazon is going to kill more American jobs than China did Mar. 15, 2017 at 9:11 a.m. ET by Rex Nutting Wal-Mart de Mexico to plans to boost investments MEXICO CITY -- Retailer Wal-Mart de Mexico SAB said Tuesday it plans to increase its capital expenditures by a fifth this year, with investments in opening and remodeling stores and bolstering the firm's logistics and online commerce. Mar. 15, 2017 at 1:45 a.m. ET by MarketWatch.com Shares of Wal-Mart Stores rise 1.4% at $70.93 to lead Dow gainers in early trade Shares of Wal-Mart Stores rise 1.4% at $70.93 to lead Dow gainers in early trade Mar. 14, 2017 at 9:33 a.m. ET by Mark DeCambre Gorsuch and More Such Schumer’s historic blunder and Trump’s triumph. Apr. 10, 2017 at 5:35 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Amazon: The Path to $1,100 a Share Amazon shares are already up more than 50% in the last 12 months, but one analyst sees the stock growing another 20% in the coming year. Apr. 10, 2017 at 3:32 p.m. ET on Barron's Online Online Retailers’ New Warehouses Heat Up Local Job Markets As e-commerce retailers, led by Amazon.com Inc., build giant distribution centers to keep up with surging online sales, they are competing for workers to fill thousands of new jobs. Apr. 9, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Amazon’s Free Shipping Pushes Small Retailers to Compete Shipping companies, ranging from startups to the biggest package handlers, are vying to help small retailers compete with Amazon’s rapid expansion of free shipping. Apr. 8, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Corruption Currents: U.S. Removes Sanctions on Arrested Salvadoran Businessman The U.S. lifted sanctions on Jose Adan Salazar Umaña after Salvadoran authorities arrested him on money laundering charges. Apr. 7, 2017 at 4:56 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Today’s Top Supply Chain and Logistics News From WSJ Delivering up-to-the minute news, analysis, interviews and explanatory journalism on logistics, supply-chain management, e-commerce and more Apr. 7, 2017 at 6:25 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Wal-Mart de Mexico Sales Growth Slows Mexico’s biggest retailer, Wal-Mart de Mexico, saw first-quarter sales expand at their slowest pace in over two years. Apr. 6, 2017 at 5:49 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal A Quant ‘Alpha Factory’ Hunts for Investing Edge Igor Tulchinsky’s WorldQuant is part of the forefront of a new quantitative renaissance in investing, where the ability to make sense of billions of bits of data in real time is more sought after than old-school financial analysis. Apr. 6, 2017 at 5:30 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Today’s Top Supply Chain and Logistics News From WSJ Delivering up-to-the minute news, analysis, interviews and explanatory journalism on logistics, supply-chain management, e-commerce and more Apr. 6, 2017 at 6:41 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Fuel-Cell Maker to Help Amazon Improve Warehouse Efficiency Amazon.com Inc. could become one of the largest shareholders in fuel-cell maker Plug Power Inc. if it meets milestones under a multiyear spending commitment, potentially worth up to $600 million. Apr. 5, 2017 at 2:48 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal How Target Botched Its Response to the North Carolina Bathroom Law The retailer published a transgender-friendly blog post, without the CEO’s approval. That sparked a customer backlash that hurt foot traffic and exposed problems in stores the company is now spending billions to fix. Apr. 5, 2017 at 10:55 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Why Costco Loves Store Sales: Try Shipping a Tub of Mayo Costco built an empire selling in bulk. Now it faces rising pressure to translate that formula online. Apr. 5, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Apple Pay Promised to Make Plastic Obsolete. Then Came Wary Shoppers, Confused Clerks More than two years after its launch, Apple Pay isn’t as ubiquitous as Apple and analysts had expected. Adoption has faltered amid consumers’ security concerns, large retailers’ slow acceptance, and Apple’s relatively paltry marketing. Apr. 5, 2017 at 5:30 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal CMO Today: Bill O’Reilly’s Fox News Show Loses Two Advertisers Here's your morning roundup of the biggest marketing, advertising and media industry news and happenings. Apr. 4, 2017 at 7:51 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal This Stock Is Levered to an Energy Spending Rebound With Dover Corp.’s earnings per share down more than 25% from peak levels, profits can rise sharply. Apr. 3, 2017 at 3:04 p.m. ET on Barron's Online Battles Heat Up Over Confederate Symbols So far this year, controversies have continued—or new ones have erupted—in all 11 former Confederate states over how to remember the Civil War’s losing side. Apr. 3, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Lowe’s Shares Could Rise 20% or More Building-supplies giants Home Depot and Lowe’s are both virtually Amazon-proof, but Lowe’s is the better bet. Apr. 1, 2017 at 12:01 a.m. ET on Barron's Online RBC Building Customer Rewards System on Blockchain Royal Bank of Canada sees blockchain as a way to simplify and speed up business processes. Mar. 31, 2017 at 3:09 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Today’s Top Supply Chain and Logistics News From WSJ Delivering up-to-the minute news, analysis, interviews and explanatory journalism on logistics, supply-chain management, e-commerce and more Mar. 31, 2017 at 6:20 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Wal-Mart, Target Likely to Dodge a Bullet The odds are growing that a Paul Ryan-led proposed border tax on imported goods will be defeated. Mar. 30, 2017 at 12:27 p.m. ET on Barron's Online Recent News Other News Press Releases Gorsuch and More Such Schumer’s historic blunder and Trump’s triumph. Apr. 10, 2017 at 5:35 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Why Activist Investors Will Face Major Hurdles at Whole Foods Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ: WFM) has been one of the greatest fairy tale stories in food and grocery trends of a lifetime. After years of being one of the leaders in promoting the organic and natural foods theme to the point that these have become mainstream issues, the company's old business model has cracked [ ] Apr. 10, 2017 at 3:38 p.m. ET on 247WallSt.com Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Pops 10% on Activist Stake, Sale Talk Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Pops 10% on Activist Stake, Sale Talk Apr. 10, 2017 at 3:48 p.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com Strong Hopes For Tencent And 3 Other Investment Themes In My Portfolio Strong Hopes For Tencent And 3 Other Investment Themes In My Portfolio Apr. 10, 2017 at 11:41 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha 33 Safer Dividend Champion Dogs Also Put McGrath RentCorp As April Top Gainer 33 Safer Dividend Champion Dogs Also Put McGrath RentCorp As April Top Gainer Apr. 10, 2017 at 10:46 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha People Favor Costco Over Sam's, BJ's for Gas Apr. 10, 2017 at 9:45 a.m. ET on Motley Fool Pay in the Programming Sector Falls in March Is the programming sector losing its appeal? Apr. 10, 2017 at 8:45 a.m. ET on Investopedia.com Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock Should Have You Salivating Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock Should Have You Salivating Apr. 10, 2017 at 8:21 a.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com My K.I.S.S. Dividend Portfolio: 1st Quarter 2017 Update My K.I.S.S. Dividend Portfolio: 1st Quarter 2017 Update Apr. 9, 2017 at 5:22 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Online Retailers’ New Warehouses Heat Up Local Job Markets As e-commerce retailers, led by Amazon.com Inc., build giant distribution centers to keep up with surging online sales, they are competing for workers to fill thousands of new jobs. Apr. 9, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal How Apple Inc. Makes Most of Its Money Apr. 8, 2017 at 3:23 p.m. ET on Motley Fool Are Retail Stocks a Buy as Border Tax Plan Loses Steam? As talks of a border adjustment tax plan gradually tones down amid low fanfare, it could provide the much needed impetus to the sector. Apr. 7, 2017 at 4:51 p.m. ET on Zacks.com Amazon’s Free Shipping Pushes Small Retailers to Compete Shipping companies, ranging from startups to the biggest package handlers, are vying to help small retailers compete with Amazon’s rapid expansion of free shipping. Apr. 8, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Wal-Mart +2% as upgrade cites retail "dominance," "new prowess" in digital Wal-Mart +2% as upgrade cites retail "dominance," "new prowess" in digital Apr. 7, 2017 at 5:45 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Lowe’s Shares Could Rise 20% or More Building-supplies giants Home Depot and Lowe’s are both virtually Amazon-proof, but Lowe’s is the better bet. Apr. 7, 2017 at 5:40 p.m. ET on Barron's Stocks Fall Flat After Syria Attack Stocks Fall Flat After Syria Attack Apr. 7, 2017 at 5:00 p.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com Wal-Mart, Verizon Give DJIA a Slight Push on Friday Wal-Mart, Verizon, Boeing, and UnitedHealth held the DJIA up on Friday. Apr. 7, 2017 at 3:23 p.m. ET on 247WallSt.com Dow Stocks Wal-Mart, Disney See Upbeat Analyst Moves; Arista Downgraded Dow Jones industrial average component Wal-Mart (WMT) was upgraded amid fierce competition with Amazon (AMZN), and fellow Dow stock Walt Disney (DIS) got its price target bumped up, while oil and gas firm Williams Companies (WMB) was upgraded, and Arista Networks (ANET) was downgraded. Wal-Mart Telsey Advisory Group upgraded the retailer to outperform from hold and raised its price target to 82 from 73, despite intensified competition with Amazon. Apr. 7, 2017 at 11:37 a.m. ET on Investors Business Daily Retail Stores Still Have Hope But What About Retail Stocks? The retail industry is facing an existential crisis — and not while mired in the depths of recession, but as the economy notches its eighth year of expansion. In March alone, Sears Holdings (SHLD), the parent of Sears and Kmart stores, said "substantial doubt" exists about its survival prospects after losing more than $10 billion over six years and watching sales fall for even longer. Urban Outfitters (URBN) likened the troubled industry to a Apr. 7, 2017 at 1:23 p.m. ET on Investors Business Daily Double Buy Ratings for Wal-Mart Stock: What You Need to Know Apr. 7, 2017 at 2:00 p.m. ET on Motley Fool Retail Management Combined With Innovative Branding Solutions Forming New Revenue Generating Opportunities Retail Management Combined With Innovative Branding Solutions Forming New Revenue Generating Opportunities Mar. 30, 2017 at 8:45 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Brand New Sam’s Club to Bring Innovative Shopping Experience to Keller Brand New Sam’s Club to Bring Innovative Shopping Experience to Keller Mar. 29, 2017 at 12:55 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Grand Opening of Brunswick Sam’s Club Set for Thursday Grand Opening of Brunswick Sam’s Club Set for Thursday Mar. 29, 2017 at 12:44 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Top WBENC Consumer Companies Join Together for the First Time in Collective Initiative to Source from Women-Owned Businesses Top WBENC Consumer Companies Join Together for the First Time in Collective Initiative to Source from Women-Owned Businesses Mar. 29, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX National Pro BBQ Tour Kicks Off 7th Season National Pro BBQ Tour Kicks Off 7th Season Mar. 28, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET on Marketwired Stock Options Reports: Covered Call Trades for American Airlines, Mattel Inc, Nike, NVIDIA and Walmart Stores Inc. Stock Options Reports: Covered Call Trades for American Airlines, Mattel Inc, Nike, NVIDIA and Walmart Stores Inc. Mar. 23, 2017 at 9:31 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Movie Lovers, Rejoice: Walmart’s Vudu Launches First Mobile Service that Transforms DVDs and Blu-rays into a Digital Collection Movie Lovers, Rejoice: Walmart’s Vudu Launches First Mobile Service that Transforms DVDs and Blu-rays into a Digital Collection Mar. 23, 2017 at 12:01 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Walmart Will Hold Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on June 2 Walmart Will Hold Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on June 2 Mar. 20, 2017 at 10:58 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX The Demand for Intelligent Vending Machines The Demand for Intelligent Vending Machines Mar. 16, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Automotive E-tailing Market by Vehicle Type, Vendor, Product Label, Components, Technology, and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 Automotive E-tailing Market by Vehicle Type, Vendor, Product Label, Components, Technology, and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 Mar. 15, 2017 at 5:43 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF More Than 22,000 Walmart Associates in Alabama to Receive Share of over $4 Million in Cash Bonuses More Than 22,000 Walmart Associates in Alabama to Receive Share of over $4 Million in Cash Bonuses Mar. 14, 2017 at 11:30 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Discount, Variety Stores Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Wal-Mart, Target, Dollar General, and Ollie's Bargain Outlet Discount, Variety Stores Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Wal-Mart, Target, Dollar General, and Ollie's Bargain Outlet Mar. 14, 2017 at 8:10 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Glucose Health, Inc. Announces Verified Share Count Program for Investors Glucose Health, Inc. Announces Verified Share Count Program for Investors Mar. 13, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Walmart Celebrates Birthdays With Free Cupcake Giveaway Walmart Celebrates Birthdays With Free Cupcake Giveaway Mar. 10, 2017 at 2:25 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to participate at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer & Retail Technology Conference Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to participate at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 Consumer & Retail Technology Conference Mar. 7, 2017 at 11:32 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Glucose Health® “Only at Walmart” National TV Ad Campaign Launches Today Glucose Health® “Only at Walmart” National TV Ad Campaign Launches Today Mar. 7, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to Present at the Raymond James Institutional Investors Conference Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to Present at the Raymond James Institutional Investors Conference Mar. 2, 2017 at 9:29 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX National Nonprofit Keep America Beautiful Joins Corporate Partners to Boost Recycling in Flint, Michigan, Schools National Nonprofit Keep America Beautiful Joins Corporate Partners to Boost Recycling in Flint, Michigan, Schools Feb. 28, 2017 at 2:48 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Sam’s Club Launches Nationwide “Meals from Members” Campaign to Support Feeding America® Sam’s Club Launches Nationwide “Meals from Members” Campaign to Support Feeding America® Feb. 28, 2017 at 12:07 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Markets Continue to Venture into Record Territory: Today's Research Reports on Lumber Liquidators and Wal-Mart Stores Markets Continue to Venture into Record Territory: Today's Research Reports on Lumber Liquidators and Wal-Mart Stores Feb. 22, 2017 at 9:45 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. engages in retail and wholesale business. It operates through the following business segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International, and Sam's Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes retail store and digital retail operations in the U.S. It also offers financial services and related products such as money orders, prepaid cards, wire transfers, check cashing, and bill payment. The Walmart International segment is categorized into retail, wholesale, and other formats operations outside the U.S. These categories include supercenters, supermarkets, hypermarkets, warehouse clubs, Sam's Clubs, cash and carry, home improvement, specialty electronics, apparel store, drug stores, convenience stores, and digital retail. The Sam's Club segment comprises membership-only warehouse clubs and samsclubs.com. It offers specialty services, auto buying, pharmacy, optical, hearing aid centers, tire and battery centers, and business operations support services. The company was founded by Samuel Moore Walton and James Lawrence Walton on July 2, 1962 and is headquartered in Bentonville, AR. (See Full Profile) Analyst Ratings Sell Under Hold Over Buy Number of Ratings 36 Full Ratings Wal-Mart Data Trends Cause Increasing Concern, Easter Becomes Important Event Apr. 6, 2017 at 10:20 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com Amazon, Plug Power Supply Agreement 'Just Another Tech Upgrade' Apr. 5, 2017 at 10:33 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com Household Names JPMorgan Initiated Ratings On This Week Mar. 24, 2017 at 3:01 p.m. ET on Benzinga.com Competitors Name Chg % Market Cap Amazon.com Inc. 1.36% $427.01B Costco Wholesale Corp. 0.35% $74.89B eBay Inc. 0.44% $36.6B Sears Holdings Corp. 5.11% $1.22B Dollar Tree Inc. 0.17% $18.34B Competitor Data Provided By Partner Content Back to Top MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Trending Tickers Powered by UAL 0.90% TSLA 3.26% TXMD -19.48% OMER 3.03% BABA 2.49% Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Video Center Learn more. Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.
Latest News Dow 20,658 +1.92 +0.01% Nasdaq 5,881 +3.11 +0.05% S&P 500 2,357 +1.62 +0.07% 2:17 A.M. ET HSBC hits Huishan Dairy with default claim 2:16 A.M. ET Australia business conditions at best since crisis 2:16 A.M. ET JD Sports full-year profit up 56% despite Brexit 2:15 A.M. ET Qualcomm hits back at Apple in legal battle 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers price target lifted to $43 from $37: RBC Capital 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers lifted to outperform from sector perform: RBC Capital 1:23 A.M. ET 'Competitive concerns over Yelp's relevance are overdone': Pacific Crest 1:23 A.M. ET Yelp lifted to overweight from sector weight, $43 price target: Pacific Crest 1:19 A.M. ET Oil prices steady after a 5-day winning streak 4/10 Qualcomm says Apple would be nothing without its technology 4/10 Commodity gains boost Asian markets, offsetting geopolitical worries 4/10 Updated Judge rules Texas voter ID law discriminatory, again 4/10 Updated Alabama governor’s wife discovered affair on iCloud account 4/10 U.S. says Russian master of malware arrested in Spain 4/10 Updated U.S. takes hard line on Syria as Tillerson meets with G-7 4/10 Barclays CEO probed over whistleblower search 4/10 Opinion Journal:Repeal and Replace Revival? 4/10 Yellen says Fed’s efforts shifting from acceleration to cruise control 4/10 San Bernardino School Shooting Leaves 3 Dead, 1 Wounded 4/10 Updated Embattled Alabama governor steps down amid scandal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Gross things found in people’s food reaches a new low: a dead bat By Emma Court Published: Apr 10, 2017 11:38 a.m. ET Share The discovery of a dead bat inside a bagged salad sold at Walmart has prompted an investigation and a Fresh Express recall Getty Images By EmmaCourt Reporter Fresh Express’ Marketside Spring Mix prepackaged salad is five ounces worth of organic baby lettuces, baby greens and the bitter red green radicchio. At least one container of the mix recently included another ingredient: a dead bat. Two Walmart WMT, +0.22%  customers in Florida made the unappetizing discovery only after eating some of the salad. The incident has sparked an investigation by state and federal health agencies, along with a “precautionary” recall by the manufacturer, privately held Cavendish Global Ltd.’s Fresh Express. The product was distributed only to southeastern U.S. Walmart locations, and Walmart has removed the product from its shelves, according to Fresh Express. The story is only the latest in gross things being found in people’s food, many of which seem to involve salad. Related: 5 food additives even grosser than ‘pink slime’ In 2014, for example, a New York City woman found a lizard in her Guy & Gallard kale salad. A Wall Street Journal employee found a dead frog in her Pret A Manger salad the year before. Back then, the Consumer Reports publication Consumerist said it had noticed “a strange uptick” in such reports, noting “we came to call all animals included in food that weren’t meant to be there, from rats to insects to chunks of snake, ‘free frogs.’” Fresh Express did not say how the bat might have ended up in its salad mix. The company said it complies with all food safety regulations and has a number of controls during growing, harvesting and manufacturing to keep out unwanted materials. Fresh Express recalled all salads made in the same production run but no other salads from the same Marketside line or other Fresh Express salads. See: Your favorite food? It’s probably fake Walmart's strategy on food safety and affordability (3:07) Frank Yiannas, vice president of Food Safety at Walmart Stores, discusses the strategy for reducing risk and providing consumers with safe, affordable foods at America's largest grocery chain. He spoke with WSJ's Sarah Nassauer at the WSJ Global Food Forum in New York. Various public health agencies are investigating the bat situation, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Food and Drug Administration and the Florida Department of Health. Though the CDC tried to determine whether the bat had rabies, its “deteriorated condition“ prevented ruling rabies out. Because of the slight possibility of rabies transmission, the two affected people — both of whom report being in good health — have been encouraged to seek treatment for the viral disease rabies. Rabies can cause serious brain disease and death, and treatment after exposure typically involves administering an antibody and the rabies vaccine. Those who have already eaten the salad mix in question and didn’t find a dead bat shouldn’t be concerned, the CDC said. More from MarketWatch Bugatti's Chiron: Excuse Me While I Touch the Sky...Again What Happens if Filibusters Go Away? Qualcomm says Apple would be nothing without its technology Quote References WMT +0.16 +0.22% Most Popular What United should have done in response to that video of a man being violently pulled off a flight Positive buzz sends first marijuana ETF sharply higher in early days of trading Why you, too, could get dragged off a plane if the airline overbooks your flight ‘Re-accommodate’ is United’s euphemism for forcibly dragging passenger off an airplane Can employers solve the student-loan crisis? Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com Get Matched with the Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.49% 30 yr fixed 4% 15 yr fixed 3.14% 10 yr fixed 2.97% 30 yr fixed refi 4.02% 15 yr fixed refi 3.21% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.32% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.8% $50K HELOC 4.81% $75K HELOC 4.81% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.77% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.32% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.2% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.77% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.34% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.35% 48 Mo New Car 3.22% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.56% 12.47% 11.98% Business 13.62% 13.49% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.79% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.98% 14.89% 14.39% Airline 15.73% 15.62% 15.13% Cash Back 15.76% 15.66% 15.33% Reward 15.79% 15.70% 15.30% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.11% 18.04% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.17% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $73.06 +0.16 (+0.22%) Volume 6.8M Open $72.99 High $73.48 Low $72.73 P/E Ratio 16.64 Div Yield 2.79 Market Cap 221.1B
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Food & Drink Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Home Restaurants Fast Food Celebrity Chefs Extreme Foods Food Trends Holiday Shopping Walmart's Fresh Express salad recalled after dead bat discovery Published April 10, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print Fresh Express recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix after a two people found a dead bat in one of its packages, the CDC said. (Walmart) Fresh Express, a company which produces and distributes packaged salads to supermarkets across the country including Walmart, recalled a salad mix on Saturday after two people in Florida discovered a dead bat in a pack, the Center for Disease Control said.  The people reportedly found the bat in a "deteriorated condition" after eating some of leafy greens from the Organic Marketside Spring Mix package, purchased at a Walmart, according to the CDC.  The bat was taken to the CDC rabies lab, but investigators could not rule out if the animal had the disease because its remains were so decayed. The two customers are being evaluated by Florida local and state health officials.  Fresh Express issued a recall of the Organic Marketside Spring Mix as a precaution as the CDC continues to investigate the situation. The packages affected are sold in clear 5 oz. containers with the production code G089B19 and the "best if used by" date of April 14.  FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS "Fresh Express takes matters of food safety very seriously and rigorously complies with all food safety regulations including the proscribed Good Agricultural Practices," the company said in a statement.  The prepackaged salad mix is only sold in Walmart stores in the Southeastern region of the United States. The chain has since removed the items from store shelves.  The CDC said anyone who already ate the recalled product, and didn't find "extraneous animal matter," are not at risk of contracting rabies. Click here for more on the recall. Advertisement Trending in Food & Drink 1 Tillerson faces biggest challenge yet in upcoming meeting with Russian counterpart 2 Gingrich on Syria: 'If the Russians get in the way, they're just going to get hit' 3 Florida county mulls special tax for Trump's visits to Mar-a-Lago 4 Federal judge again rules Texas voter ID law is discriminatory 5 Bannon, Kushner make peace for now, insiders say See all Trends Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Latest News Dow 20,658 +1.92 +0.01% Nasdaq 5,881 +3.11 +0.05% S&P 500 2,357 +1.62 +0.07% 2:17 A.M. ET HSBC hits Huishan Dairy with default claim 2:16 A.M. ET Australia business conditions at best since crisis 2:16 A.M. ET JD Sports full-year profit up 56% despite Brexit 2:15 A.M. ET Qualcomm hits back at Apple in legal battle 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers price target lifted to $43 from $37: RBC Capital 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers lifted to outperform from sector perform: RBC Capital 1:23 A.M. ET 'Competitive concerns over Yelp's relevance are overdone': Pacific Crest 1:23 A.M. ET Yelp lifted to overweight from sector weight, $43 price target: Pacific Crest 1:19 A.M. ET Oil prices steady after a 5-day winning streak 4/10 Qualcomm says Apple would be nothing without its technology 4/10 Commodity gains boost Asian markets, offsetting geopolitical worries 4/10 Updated Judge rules Texas voter ID law discriminatory, again 4/10 Updated Alabama governor’s wife discovered affair on iCloud account 4/10 U.S. says Russian master of malware arrested in Spain 4/10 Updated U.S. takes hard line on Syria as Tillerson meets with G-7 4/10 Barclays CEO probed over whistleblower search 4/10 Opinion Journal:Repeal and Replace Revival? 4/10 Yellen says Fed’s efforts shifting from acceleration to cruise control 4/10 San Bernardino School Shooting Leaves 3 Dead, 1 Wounded 4/10 Updated Embattled Alabama governor steps down amid scandal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Gross things found in people’s food reaches a new low: a dead bat By Emma Court Published: Apr 10, 2017 11:38 a.m. ET Share The discovery of a dead bat inside a bagged salad sold at Walmart has prompted an investigation and a Fresh Express recall Getty Images By EmmaCourt Reporter Fresh Express’ Marketside Spring Mix prepackaged salad is five ounces worth of organic baby lettuces, baby greens and the bitter red green radicchio. At least one container of the mix recently included another ingredient: a dead bat. Two Walmart WMT, +0.22%  customers in Florida made the unappetizing discovery only after eating some of the salad. The incident has sparked an investigation by state and federal health agencies, along with a “precautionary” recall by the manufacturer, privately held Cavendish Global Ltd.’s Fresh Express. The product was distributed only to southeastern U.S. Walmart locations, and Walmart has removed the product from its shelves, according to Fresh Express. The story is only the latest in gross things being found in people’s food, many of which seem to involve salad. Related: 5 food additives even grosser than ‘pink slime’ In 2014, for example, a New York City woman found a lizard in her Guy & Gallard kale salad. A Wall Street Journal employee found a dead frog in her Pret A Manger salad the year before. Back then, the Consumer Reports publication Consumerist said it had noticed “a strange uptick” in such reports, noting “we came to call all animals included in food that weren’t meant to be there, from rats to insects to chunks of snake, ‘free frogs.’” Fresh Express did not say how the bat might have ended up in its salad mix. The company said it complies with all food safety regulations and has a number of controls during growing, harvesting and manufacturing to keep out unwanted materials. Fresh Express recalled all salads made in the same production run but no other salads from the same Marketside line or other Fresh Express salads. See: Your favorite food? It’s probably fake Walmart's strategy on food safety and affordability (3:07) Frank Yiannas, vice president of Food Safety at Walmart Stores, discusses the strategy for reducing risk and providing consumers with safe, affordable foods at America's largest grocery chain. He spoke with WSJ's Sarah Nassauer at the WSJ Global Food Forum in New York. Various public health agencies are investigating the bat situation, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Food and Drug Administration and the Florida Department of Health. Though the CDC tried to determine whether the bat had rabies, its “deteriorated condition“ prevented ruling rabies out. Because of the slight possibility of rabies transmission, the two affected people — both of whom report being in good health — have been encouraged to seek treatment for the viral disease rabies. Rabies can cause serious brain disease and death, and treatment after exposure typically involves administering an antibody and the rabies vaccine. Those who have already eaten the salad mix in question and didn’t find a dead bat shouldn’t be concerned, the CDC said. More from MarketWatch Bugatti's Chiron: Excuse Me While I Touch the Sky...Again What Happens if Filibusters Go Away? Qualcomm says Apple would be nothing without its technology Quote References WMT +0.16 +0.22% Most Popular What United should have done in response to that video of a man being violently pulled off a flight Positive buzz sends first marijuana ETF sharply higher in early days of trading Why you, too, could get dragged off a plane if the airline overbooks your flight ‘Re-accommodate’ is United’s euphemism for forcibly dragging passenger off an airplane Can employers solve the student-loan crisis? Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com Get Matched with the Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.49% 30 yr fixed 4% 15 yr fixed 3.14% 10 yr fixed 2.97% 30 yr fixed refi 4.02% 15 yr fixed refi 3.21% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.32% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.8% $50K HELOC 4.81% $75K HELOC 4.81% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.77% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.32% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.2% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.77% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.34% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.35% 48 Mo New Car 3.22% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.56% 12.47% 11.98% Business 13.62% 13.49% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.79% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.98% 14.89% 14.39% Airline 15.73% 15.62% 15.13% Cash Back 15.76% 15.66% 15.33% Reward 15.79% 15.70% 15.30% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.11% 18.04% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.17% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $73.06 +0.16 (+0.22%) Volume 6.8M Open $72.99 High $73.48 Low $72.73 P/E Ratio 16.64 Div Yield 2.79 Market Cap 221.1B
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Shows Program Schedule Rob Snyder Listen Listen Live Mobile Events Insane Inflatable 5K Calendar Game Schedule Sports News Hotties Babe Of The Day Contact Help & Contact Info Feedback Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter subscribe via RSS Trending Now RIP Spike Dykes TTU Football Coverage TTU Baseball 2017 Schedule Patrick Mahomes All Sports News Fan Game Schedule Walmart Is the Largest Employer in Texas & Most of the South By Renee April 9, 2017 8:29 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Spencer Platt/Getty Images According to MSN Money, the biggest employer in Texas is none other than the big-box store Walmart, with 156,000 workers. It’s to be expected really, as even really small Texas towns seem to have a location that employs at least a few dozen people. There’s also distribution centers, truck drivers and many other positions required to keep the enormous chain operational. In Lubbock alone, there are six locations (one of which is a neighborhood market). Although Walmart is thriving here and elsewhere, Lamesa and Brownfield are losing their Walmart stores. However, that seems to be no indication of the failure of Walmart; it’s just a re-structuring towards more locations in more densely populated cities. Cities that are more rural and more poor were recently affected by these closings nation-wide, according to The Washington Post. Walmart is not only the largest employer in Texas, but also the vast majority of southern states. Other big employers tend to be educational services like universities and medical facilities like hospitals. Join our Newsletter! Pinterest’s Most Pinned Food in Texas Is… The Most Popular Items Bought Online in Texas Are Political, Gun-Loving & Weird Should Villa Town Motel Be Closed?   Category: Lubbock News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of 1340 The Fan Tommy McVay Gets Choked Up Over Spike Dykes’ Death: ‘He Was One of a Kind’ Former Texas Tech Coach Spike Dykes Dead at 79 Jason Witten Pays Tribute to Tony Romo in Moving Post The Best Weekend of Golf, Period — The Masters Recommended for You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Staff Rob Snyder Rob Breaux Meet The Staff Find Us on Facebook The Latest From 1340 The Fan Boleo and Renee Get Their Wish — The Villa Motel Is No More! April 10, 2017 7:36 PM YWCA Announces 2017 Opening Date for Sun ‘N Fun Pool April 10, 2017 5:02 PM Tommy McVay Gets Choked Up Over Spike Dykes’ Death: ‘He Was One of a Kind’ April 10, 2017 4:59 PM Former Texas Tech Coach Spike Dykes Dead at 79 April 10, 2017 12:28 PM See All Latest News 1340 The Fan's Daily Deal $25 Gift Card to Power House Nutrition Buy This Deal Now EEO Advertise Terms Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Lubbock Business Listings Welcome back to SportsRadio 1340 The Fan It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! Welcome back to SportsRadio 1340 The Fan It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://1340thefan.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to SportsRadio 1340 The Fan (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here SportsRadio 1340 The Fan brought to you by: Sign up for SportsRadio 1340 The Fan Register Now Sign up for SportsRadio 1340 The Fan quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! SportsRadio 1340 The Fan brought to you by: Never Miss the Latest News from SportsRadio 1340 The Fan. Like Us on Facebook SportsRadio 1340 The Fan brought to you by: SportsRadio 1340 The Fan Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     Nintendo Switch Stock Updates Posted: Apr 11 2017, 1:28am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     New Nintendo Switch inventory keeps coming in. Updated. The Nintendo Switch is shown in stock on Tuesday morning in over 1,100 Walmart stores and about 600 Target stores across the US, according to tracking information of iStockNow. Don't Miss: The hottest Apple Rumors for 2017 The reseller prices of the Nintendo Switch start a around $375 now, a $15 drop from end of the week. Please avoid the fake low priced reseller deals on the Nintendo Switch. These offers are a scam. Right now the offers appear all legit. Read our report on the Nintendo Switch Amazon scam for details. The lowest priced Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con is selling for $380 and free shipping. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con still fetches over $420 on the marketplace. We recommend to check the stock information for your local Walmart stores on iStockNow and BrickSeek. The iStockNow live map provides the details where the Switch is in stock for Walmart stores. To check if a Walmart store near you has the Switch in stock you can also use this BrickSeek page. The Walmart SKU number for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 52901821. The Walmart SKU for the Nintendo Switch with neon blue and new red Joy-Con is 52901822. To check for the more rare Switch with neon Joy-con visit this link. The Switch inventory at your local Target stores can be checked on iStockNow and on target.com. Nintendo announced last week that more Nintendo Switch consoles are on the way. A recent report out of Japan tries explains why Nintendo struggles to produce enough Switch consoles to satisfy the demand. Lots of new Switch inventory has been showing up over the past days. The extreme demand makes it though difficult to score a Switch for the regular retail price of $299.99. Resellers still can charge a premium on marketplaces, but prices are declining. We have released a new comprehensive Nintendo Switch Shopping Guide with all the tips and tricks to find and buy a Nintendo Switch. Walmart stores are reported to have the Switch in stock This morning. To find a Walmart that has the Switch in stock enter your zip code and select the Walmart store near you on this walmart.com page.  Nintendo started to restock the Nintendo Switch two weeks. GameStop kicked things off with restocking the Switch in stores. Walmart, Target, ToysRUs and even amazon.com offered the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Grey Joy-Con. The supply for the Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con version was much lower. The Nintendo flagship store in New York sold Nintendo Switch each day last week. Read our Nintendo Switch Shopping Guide to find a Switch in stock. The new Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and as expected, it sold out on launch day. Nintendo's comments that there would be enough Switch consoles in March to satisfy demand turned out to be untrue. Nintendo now plans to double the production of the Nintendo Switch. The company plans to make 16 million Switch consoles starting April 1 until March 2018. The original plan was to produce 8 million Switch consoles. The colorful Switch is slightly harder to find than the console with gray controllers. The premium resellers charge is with 50 to 65% still much lower than it is the case for the Nintendo NES Classic. Nintendo is expected to ship 2 million Switch consoles in March for the global market. The number is too low and finding Nintendo Switch in stock after the initial launch batch sells out is very difficult. The Switch gave Nintendo their biggest console launch ever. The first 2-days of sales beat the Wii and all other Nintendo consoles. The $59.99 NES Classic continues to be also in extreme short supply and Nintendo is unable to ship a significant resupply to resellers in weeks. Nintendo sold through 1.5 million NES Classic consoles and the demand is by far not satisfied. It might take Nintendo until Fall to make enough Switch consoles to satisfy demand. The Switch will be one of the most popular Holiday gifts for the Holiday shopping season 2017.  For video game fans who have not pre-ordered a Switch yet, there are still chances on launch day. There have been midnight launches for the Nintendo Switch at several retailers. The online availability of the Switch is expected to be very limited on launch day. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's a mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rest in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. A new Zelda game will be amongst the launch titles for the new Nintendo Switch, formerly known as Nintendo NX. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The announced Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region will be playable on the Nintendo Switch. The system will include the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two stylish versions of the system will be released: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con. Both versions will be the same price. Read the latest Nintendo Switch updates and also check out our Nintendo NES Classic shopping guide. Visit The Tracker by I4U News (beta) for the latest in stock updates.  This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News ONO 3D Printer Powered by Smartphone Starts Shipping - Updated 12 hours ago, 12:54pm CDT Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Edition 2017 Unit Sale Numbers Are Due April 27 12 hours ago, 12:49pm CDT Nintendo Direct Returning This Wednesday with Splatoon 2 and Arms for Nintendo Switch 13 hours ago, 11:57am CDT Google’s AlphaGo AI will Face-Off with World's Top Go Player in May 14 hours ago, 10:58am CDT April’s Pink Moon: Everything You Need to Know about Tonight’s Lunar Event 47 minutes ago New York Auto Show 2017: Complete List of All the New Cars 4 hours ago Exercise More Beneficial on an Empty Stomach, Study Finds 11 hours ago, 2:06pm CDT Next-Gen Waterproof AirPods Charging Case Could Wirelessly Recharge Your Apple Watch or iPhone 13 hours ago, 12:15pm CDT Janet Jackson And Wassim Al Mana Split: Who Else Did in 2017? 13 hours ago, 12:06pm CDT Selena Gomez Gets 13 Reasons Why Tattoos 13 hours ago, 11:32am CDT Star Birth Produces Dramatic Stellar Fireworks in Space 14 hours ago, 11:05am CDT Janet Jackson and Wissam Al Mana Divorce: 5 Facts to Know 14 hours ago, 10:51am CDT Amazon Prime Day 2017: Date, Deals and Everything You Need To Know 14 hours ago, 10:39am CDT 2017 iMac Aimed at Professionals Says Apple 15 hours ago, 10:00am CDT Mac Mini Refresh Might See the Tiny Machine Grow 15 hours ago, 9:57am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Tracker by I4U News (beta) Featured News Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Edition 2017 Unit Sale Numbers Are Due April 27 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Apple Rumors 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 7S, Apple Watch 3, 2017, AR and More NES Classic Edition Stock Updates Technology News ONO 3D Printer Powered by Smartphone Starts Shipping - Updated 12 hours ago, 12:54pm CDT Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Edition 2017 Unit Sale Numbers Are Due April 27 12 hours ago, 12:49pm CDT Nintendo Direct Returning This Wednesday with Splatoon 2 and Arms for Nintendo Switch 13 hours ago, 11:57am CDT Google’s AlphaGo AI will Face-Off with World's Top Go Player in May 14 hours ago, 10:58am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News April’s Pink Moon: Everything You Need to Know about Tonight’s Lunar Event 47 minutes ago New York Auto Show 2017: Complete List of All the New Cars 4 hours ago Exercise More Beneficial on an Empty Stomach, Study Finds 11 hours ago, 2:06pm CDT ONO 3D Printer Powered by Smartphone Starts Shipping - Updated 12 hours ago, 12:54pm CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Home News New England U.S. & World Weather Health Tech Weird Making the Grade Making a Difference Suffolk In The City Weather Forecast Weather New England Maps & Radar School Closing Alerts Weather Alerts Weather Stories StormRanger Business CEO Corner Chief Execs Club Does It Work? TWIB On the Lookout Money Saving Mondays Politics The Take DC Dialogue Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us TV Listings LIVE TV ON NOW 55° Connect Social Media Our Apps Newsletters Send us Videos and Pictures Send Tips Submit Tips Send Feedback Terms of Service Privacy Policy Visit our partner sites Recall Alert Important News on Consumer Products That Can Keep You Safe Fresh Express Recalls Packaged Salad After Bat Found: CDC The CDC said the couple who found the animal "report being in good health and neither has any signs of rabies" NEWSLETTERS Receive the latest health updates in your inbox Email Privacy policy | More Newsletters UP NEXT X Prepackaged Salads Recalled After Dead Bat Found Inside Link Embed Copy Close Link to this video http://www.necn.com/news/health/Fresh-Express-Recalls-Prepackaged-Salads-from-Walmart-After-Dead-Bat-Found-Inside-418767124.html Copy Close Embed this video <script type="text/javascript" charset="UTF-8" src="http://www.necn.com/portableplayer/?cmsID=418767664&videoID=zhtraWeMFZMS&origin=necn.com&sec=news&subsec=health&width=600&height=360"></script> Replay More videos (1 of 9) «» Fresh Express recalled some of its prepackaged salad mix from Walmart stores in the Southeastern United States after a dead bat was found inside a bag sold in Florida. (Published Sunday, April 9, 2017) Fresh Express recalled some of its prepackaged salad mix after a dead bat was found inside a container sold in a Florida Wal-mart, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Two people said they found a dead bat in their purchased package, and that they had eaten some of the salad before discovering the animal, according to a CDC statement.  2 Adults, 1 Child Dead in Calif. School Shooting The center added that the bat was sent to its lab to be tested for rabies, but the animal's deteriorated condition did not allow for a conclusive test. Wal-Mart removed the product from its store shelves. Convicted Shooter Dylann Roof Gets 9 Life Sentences Dylann Roof, who was convicted and charged for shooting and killing nine people in a 2015 church shooting in Charleston, South Carolina, received nine consecutive life sentences after he plead guilty to state murder charges Monday. (Published Monday, April 10, 2017) The company on Saturday announced a recall of a limited quantity of its 5-ounce Organic Marketside Spring Mix packages. The salads were sold in a clear container with production code G089B19 and best-if-used-by date of April 14, 2017. The announcement said the recalled packages were only distributed to Wal-mart stores located in the Southeastern region of the United States. As a precaution, the pair who ate the salad were recommended to undergo rabies treatment. However, the CDC said transmission of the disease by eating a rabid animal is "extremely uncommon." McCain: Russia Cooperated With Syria in Chemical Attack "Both people report being in good health and neither has any signs of rabies," the CDC said in the statement. Consumers who ate salad from recalled packages without animal matter are not at risk, the CDC added. Top News: Shooting at San Bernardino School, Soyuz Touchdown David McNew/Getty Images Still, Fresh Express advised anyone who has purchased the recalled product to throw it out and not eat it. Those who have questions or wish to receive a full refund for their purchase can call the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center 1-800-242-5472 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Eastern Time. The CDC said it is working with the Florida Department of Health and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to support an investigation of the incident. Video of Passenger Getting Dragged Off Flight Sparks Uproar Published at 11:58 PM EDT on Apr 9, 2017 | Updated at 11:38 PM EDT on Apr 10, 2017 Leave Comments TV Listings News Weather Politics Business Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us Connect With Us FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports Send Feedback Terms of service Privacy policy © 2017 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved. AdChoices
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'I want to commend you for continuing to go above and beyond': Defiant United Airlines CEO pens 'tone deaf' email defending staff after 'belligerent' passenger was dragged from overbooked flight Now North Korea warns it is 'ready for war' after U.S. 'recklessly' deployed armada of warships to waters off the Korean Peninsula as China moves 150,000 troops to their border Countdown to catastrophe: It's a nightmare scenario. But as the war of words between Russia and the U.S. cranks up, historian DOMINIC SANDBROOK imagines the very worst  Russia KNEW about Syrian gas attack in advance - and about a bid to cover it up by bombing hospital treating Assad's victims, say U.S. officials PICTURED: Moment man jumps to his death from fourth-floor courthouse balcony before his trial for repeatedly raping girl, 10, and then killing her and her grandparents by torching their home Is there a Russian or North Korean submarine off the coast of California? Unusual Navy patrol activity sparks fears America launches unprecedented joint bid to co-host 2026 World Cup with Mexico and Canada after gaining support of Trump Tesla becomes most valuable car company in the US: Electric automobile manufacturer overtakes GM and Ford but even CEO Elon Musk admits it could be 'absurdly overpriced' New plane-tracker app lets you watch real-time aircraft soar across the globe on incredible live 3D map PIERS MORGAN: Fly the Friendly Skies? You get better treatment on Con Air than on most domestic US airlines Extra who starred in Kendall Jenner's tone-deaf Pepsi commercial speaks out to claim most actors who feature in the ad are NOT from the US so 'didn't know anything' about its meaning EXCLUSIVE - My mother's 'hatred' for her sister Meghan Markle: Family of Prince Harry's girlfriend hit by new split as her niece accuses 'abusive' mom penning book of being 'jealous' of the actress 'United is proud to announce the new club class - fight club!' Twitter trolls airline with hundreds of hilarious memes after passenger, 69, was hauled off flight to make room for staff Strange rock with 'alien' patterns may FINALLY crack the 70-year-old Roswell UFO case, claim conspiracy theorists  Remarkable moment an ultrasound shows twin girls sharing a kiss in mom's womb  Ohio woman, 23, is charged with raping a male taxi driver while her accomplice held him at knifepoint then robbed him of $32 American woman stabbed to death in Paris by a homeless man while visiting her daughter PICTURED: Classroom gunman and his teacher wife who he shot dead alongside her eight-year-old special needs student in San Bernardino elementary school before turning gun on himself REVEALED: Gunman who opened fire on his estranged wife at San Bernardino elementary school had been married to the teacher less than three months 'Mommy, I still have blood on my sweater': Girl, 9, who saw her teacher and classmate killed in San Bernardino school shooting recalls the shocking shooting  Do you know your botnets from your VPNs? Take the cybersecurity test that could reveal if you're at risk Take the test that reveals the 'bad spots' in your vision (and don't worry, scientists say we ALL have them) There's 'no one harder... if they cross us': Eric Trump claims his father is not intimidated by Putin's threats of war as he confirms Ivanka DID influence the decision to bomb Syrian airbase Who needs the wall?! Rio Grande border crossings plummet as Mexican migrants are spooked by Trump's immigration crackdown Previous Next Fresh Express recalls its Spring Mix salad after customers found a DEAD BAT in the package Recall affects salads sold in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia  Company is working with Walmart on recalling Fresh Express Organic Marketside Spring Mix  By Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 11:03 EDT, 9 April 2017 | Updated: 11:22 EDT, 9 April 2017 e-mail 581 shares 39 View comments Fresh Express has recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix from Walmart stores in the Southeastern United States after customers found a dead bat in one of the packages. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, two customers had eaten some of the product before finding the decomposed creature in a 5-ounce clear container. On Saturday, Fresh Express issued a recall of the products that were sold in a clear plastic container.  Fresh Express announced a recall of a "limited distribution" of its prepackaged Organic Marketside Spring Mix, after two people from Florida found a bat in one container The production code was G089B19 and it had a best-if-used-by-date of April 14 on the front label.  'Upon receiving notification, both Walmart and Fresh Express food safety and rapid response teams, in close coordination with regulatory authorities, acted immediately to review all relevant records, launch an intensive investigation and initiate product removal and recall procedures,' Fresh Express said.  CDC officials said the salads were only distributed to Walmart stores in the Southeast.  'Two people in Florida reported eating some of the salad before the bat was found. The bat was sent to the CDC rabies lab for laboratory testing because bats in the United States sometimes have been found to have this disease. The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies,' the CDC said on its website.  The CDC said transmission of rabies by eating a rabid animal is uncommon and the virus doesn't live long outside of the infected animal, but anyone who thinks they may have eaten one of the salads that had animal products should contact their local health departments. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Man is arrested for punching a donkey in the face after he... 'I see a lot of myself in you, Bill': Baldwin takes on... Share this article Share The bat was sent to the CDC after it was found in a bag of salad in order to test whether or not it had rabies (file picture) Due to the animal's decayed condition, the CDC couldn't immediately rule out whether this particular bat carried rabies. The two people who are known to have eaten the contaminated salads began post-exposure rabies treatment as a precaution, but 'report being in good health,' according to the CDC. Health officials said anyone who purchased one of the salads should return it to the place of purchase. These salads went to Walmart stores in Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia as well as Florida. Share or comment on this article e-mail 581 shares Most watched News videos Man forcibly removed from plane because flight was overbooked Shocking video shows Colorado cop body slamming sorority girl Second passenger's video of man being ripped off UA flight Dizzy video showcases glass-bottomed swimming pool 40 stories high Doctor who was 'knocked out' on flight is bleeding from the face Shocking footage shows drink driver launching over roundabout Huge ship batters through terrifying heavy winds Video shows Robert Seman from courthouse balcony before trial Poisonous cobra gives unsuspecting man kiss of death on cheek California man films mountain collapse near cars in Malibu Moment suspected suicide bomber appears to attack Egyptian church Motorcyclist breaks speed limit as friend collides with car Airport cop is SUSPENDED over United scandal as new video... Chechnya opens world's first concentration camp for... China 'deploys 150,000 troops to deal with possible North... My children won't get their hands on my fortune, says... Caitlyn Jenner reveals she HAS now undergone gender... 'It's more important to smile than to shout': Defiant... PICTURED: Gunman who shot dead his teacher wife and her... Horrifying moment British mother, 32, who was three times... 'Always professional. Always smart. Always caring':... PICTURED: Moment man jumps to his death from fourth-floor... Architect who landscaped friend's £5m mansion garden for... The kiss of death: Man posing for a photo with a deadly... Terrifying moment ship almost tips over when it's... 'I want to commend you for continuing to go above and... The incredible moment a mountain COLLAPSES in Malibu,... Ohio woman, 23, is charged with raping a male taxi driver... Mother who disappeared with her sons during court hearing... 'Horror movie' footage of homeless Spice addicts... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 39 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Newly single Tyga cavorts with bikini babes on music video set after split with Kylie Jenner Didn't waste any time  'Good top to bottom': Nick Viall overexposes fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi as skirt rises up during lift on DWTS Showed off more than expected  'So many scars': Mama June accuses ex Sugar Bear of emotional and physical abuse... as her daughter Anna moves in with him after marriage split 'The most disappointed I've felt in myself': Southern Charm's Kathryn Dennis talks about her stint in rehab after failed drug test Finally opening up  50 Cent 'punches' female fan in chest after she grabs his arm and pulls him off stage during his concert in Baltimore An aggressive fan  It's not just beaches! From canyons to nature reserves, why Los Angeles has the best outdoor spaces  SPONSORED From countess to queen of the one-bedroom: Real Housewives' star Luann D'Agostino shows off her new $1.5million Upper East side home Hang loose! Barack and Michelle Obama enjoy South Pacific escape by swimming and paddleboarding On the island of Mo'orea in French Polynesia Comrades in arms! North West and and little brother Saint make a run for the backyard in sweet snap posted by Kim Kardashian on National Siblings Day Belly prancer! Ariel Winter flashes her stomach yet again in skimpy crop top as she stretches legs in LA The busty beauty seemed in high spirits  Blake Lively thought her doctor was 'going to drop our baby' after husband Ryan Reynolds played Marvin Gaye's Let's Get It On during her labor Sponsored by Chanel! Bella Hadid keeps designer tote front and center as she jets off to Dubai for Dior gig Left her Manhattan apartment So happy! Rob Kardashian posts rare selfie as former recluse gushes over five month 'birthday' of daughter Dream Stared into the camera Kelly Clarkson laughs about hitting the wrong note while recording her eighth studio album Pop powerhouse's 's three-octave soprano pipes failed her Snow White and the pop pixie! Kristen Stewart looks just like Justin Bieber after channeling singer's beach style Unusual styling  Sparkling like a diamond! DWTS judge Julianne Hough exudes glamour in glittering gown while showing off her toned pins in high slit on red carpet 'There's some jealousy!' Kylie Jenner sparks envy in the Kardashian family as new solo reality show is confirmed Next generation 'I'm grateful to have you!' Chris Pratt shares a sweet kiss with Anna Faris at the Guardians Of The Galaxy: Vol. 2 premiere in Tokyo Paid tribute to his wife Lunch date! Dakota Johnson enjoys a bite at healthy restaurant in mom jeans with handsome mystery man How To Be Single actress Maternal instincts! Charlotte McKinney shows motherly side carrying friend's baby after lunching Out with friends in West Hollywood, California Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, slips into a skimpy black bikini as she flaunts her unshaven armpits while relaxing in the sun with her rumored beau Halle Berry posts rare photo of three-year-old son Maceo as he gazes thoughtfully at the sea The Oscar winning actress posted the pic to Instagram Working (it) Girl! Melanie Griffith, 59, shows off her svelte figure in a tight top and skinny jeans for some retail therapy Out and about  'I'm calling you a nasty person': Erika and PK attack one another at RHOBH reunion... as row about her lack of underwear continues  She's bored of the chat 'This isn't something to rush into': JoJo Fletcher reveals she and Jordan Rodgers are not in any hurry to get married Revealed she is not in any rush  Is this their babymoon? Tom Ackerley kicks back in tropical paradise amid rumors wife Margot Robbie is 'expecting her first child' Taking it easy  Legs for days! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in a flirty blue mini dress after revealing she has undergone gender reassignment surgery Went on her coffee run  Caitlyn Jenner reveals she underwent gender reassignment surgery in January because she was 'tired of tucking the damn thing in all the time' Roll up! Johnny Depp puffs on a homemade ciggie as he resumes filming on LAbyrinth in Downtown Los Angeles Portrays real life LAPD detective Russell Poole Lord of the rings! Jason Statham, 49, shows off his RIPPED physique as he reveals he's achieved his buff body through gymnastic training 'Meth-od actor! Breaking Bad star Giancarlo Esposito wears full Gus Fring getup as he shows his face at Los Pollo Hermanos pop up store  'Men are jealous of me!' Nick Cannon jokes about rumors he caused Mariah Carey's split from Bryan Tanaka Mariah's ex-husband issued modest reply Flower power! AnnaLynne McCord steps out in floral-print trousers for film screening and panel on modern day slavery Human rights advocate  Shop till you drop! Gigi Hadid and mother Yolanda look stylish as they hit the stores in New York City  Went into a branch of the Blick Art Materials store Her mini-me! Denise Richards opts for casual T-shirt and jeans to hit the grocery store in Malibu with look-a-like daughter Lola Looked refreshed 'I am so thrilled for this next chapter': Mariah Carey announces new album to be released later this year...after 'split' with Bryan Tanaka Eagerly anticipated  Red Alert! Hilary Duff stands out in scarlet and pink jacket while filming TV series Younger in NYC Shot scenes with Molly Bernard for season four A league of their own: Melania Trump takes Barron and Tiffany to upscale bowling alley in New York City Took the two youngest Trump children out Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner celebrate beginning of Passover with adorable family photo With Arabella, Joseph, and Theodore Watch out Gigi! Lisa Rinna's daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin, 18, signs with IMG Models The Halstrom Academy senior will strut down the runways 'Mommy daughter movie date':  Pink shares selfie with adorable Willow, five, as they head to screening of Beauty And The Beast Shared a big grin  Doing a (wave) runner! Bikini-clad Teresa Giudice enjoys a paradise break in Puerto Rico without husband Joe who is still serving time for fraud Kristen Stewart flashes her stomach (and a peek of underboob) in crop top while out and about in New Orleans with girlfriend Stella Maxwell 'They are both extremely thrilled!' Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk name newborn daughter Lea de Seine Shayk Cooper Proud new parents Ragnarok hard! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE biceps deservedly land a starring role in the sexy new poster for Thor sequel Massive sweaty biceps  'Feeling better than I've ever felt': Demi Lovato encourages fans to practice 'self love' in Instagram post after overcoming body image issues Any regrets? Tyga indulges in retail therapy as 'ex' Kylie Jenner gets lucrative deal for solo reality series One week after he split from her  EJ Johnson flashes skin in mesh dress and thigh-high boots as he dines with Rich Kids co-star Dorothy Wang He showed off another daring outfit  'I got enough pigs chasing me in NY': Bethenny Frankel stuns in blue bikini as she visits famous bay of swimming sows in Bahamas Showing the love! Katie Holmes posts throwback snaps of her brother and three sisters on National Siblings Day Nostalgic picture  Playing by the rules! Lily-Rose Depp smirks as she dutifully removes her chic boots for TSA screening Dressed comfortably at LAX with her boyfriend Jordana Brewster showcases her stunning figure in olive green string bikini on vacation in Hawaii Lethal Weapon star showed off  her physique 'Let me out of this basement': Katy Perry jokes about Ryan Phillippe's dating denial via Twitter The Roar singer proved her sense of humor 'Goodbye Girls!' Lena Dunham pays tribute to Jemima Kirke and Zosia Mamet after revealing they won't appear in series finale Over and out  'She does so much': Jenna Fischer surprises little sister with home renovation in My Houzz series video A renovation of her St. Louis home Madonna dresses twins Esther and Stella in matching tracksuits and records them singing Shabbat Shalom Adopted them two months ago  Twinning! Matt Damon and Chris Hemsworth spotted in near matching outfits as Hollywood actor brings his family to visit the Thor star Down Under 'Fifth element flow!' Katy Perry looks dramatically different as she chops off the rest of her hair Been experimenting with her locks lately  Spec-tacular blunder! Interviewer smacks Nicole Richie's sunglasses from her face trying to give high five Failed five  Snowflake kisses! Olivia Holt and her boyfriend share some sweet PDA as they hit the slopes in Tahoe Could not have been cuter EXCLUSIVE: 'Bye Bye Boobs!' Real Housewives of Orange County star Kelly Dodd has breast reduction surgery, downsizing her '32 G's'  'Three generations of bada**women': Ruby Rose shares flashback image of her younger self with lookalike mother and grandmother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, gives a glimpse of new 'W' tattoo as she hits Miami with mom's rumored ex Ingrid Casares Extra who starred in Kendall Jenner's Pepsi ad speaks out to claim most actors who feature in the ad are NOT from the US so 'didn't know anything' was wrong Harry Styles was 'in the running to play Han Solo in Star Wars spin-off... but bosses decided he'd be impossible to lock down due to his music career' Time to ditch the jacket! Mama June hides her slimmed down figure away after losing 300lbs The 37-year-old reality star was in NYC 'It happened with age': Jenna Bush Hager reveals her grandma Barbara Bush only has EIGHT toes - four on each foot - but insists 'they look cute'  Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves steps out as he spends THREE hours getting botox and fillers... after having fat removed from his body and injected into his butt Singer Iggy Azalea claims she lost a whopping 15lbs in a week by TWERKING. Is that possible? Is it HEALTHY? A doctor explains...  Can't afford to pay $5,000 for a dress? Victoria unveils her not-so-Posh range: Pieces costing up to $75 for budget US retailer sell out in hours SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Lady Kitty cuts a stripy fine figure: Diana's niece shows off her slender frame as she post picture of herself  Young love! Willow Smith and 'boyfriend' Tyler Cole walk arm in arm in the LA sunshine There have been rumors she's dating her musical collaborator  Is Simon Cowell's son the most eligible toddler in town? A $12,400 birthday party. Tables at top LA restaurants. And tiger mums desperate to engineer a play date... 'Lost at sea!' Lindsay Lohan strips off to  strike a saucy pose in her bed on a luxury yacht Mean Girls star posted an Instagram shot  Something to tell us? Sienna Miller steps out with a little smile on her face amid claims Brad Pitt was 'seriously flirting' with her at event in LA last week Not so anarchic now! Charlie Hunnam smartens up in a buttoned shirt for lunch in Hollywood with his love Morgana McNelis Couple for 12 years EXCLUSIVE: My mother's 'hatred' for her sister Meghan Markle. Prince Harry's girlfriend's family hit by new split  Nightmare for Suits star Mel B puts on brave face as she visits her lawyers after breaking month-long social media silence... having gained restraining order against husband Red Hot Chili Peppers' Anthony Kiedis packs on the PDA with mystery brunette as they enjoy romantic getaway in Venice  Rocker has a son, 8 Curvy model shares close-up of herself grabbing her butt and thighs to prove that her cellulite is 'natural' - as she admits she used to think it was 'shameful' 'White trash!' Jax Taylor has trouble adjusting to farm life in Vanderpump Rules spin-off with Brittany Cartwright Tensions flare in show 'Feeling it!' Reese Witherspoon works on her svelte figure as she tackles yoga and jogging on the same day Right back to work after the Big LIttle Lies finale  Political chatter and fierce debate about Donald Trump helps 'The View' beat the 'The Talk' in ratings for the first time in two years Fierce rival shows 'People have to start respecting the vagina': Emily Ratajkowski and Janelle Monae talk feminism, race, and Trump as they each land cover of Marie Claire  Elle Fanning faces a furious backlash over the decision to cast her, and not a transgender actor, as a trans boy in controversial new film 3 Generations George and Charlotte's starring moment! Pippa confirms that the young royals WILL be page boy and bridesmaid on her big day (but there's no official role for Kate) 'You can't have that much handsome in one place!' Royal watchers go wild as William and Harry pose with Justin Trudeau (and French dub them 'Le trio sexy') Life With Kylie! Jenner lands her own reality show as she branches out alone from the Kardashians She's grown up in front of the cameras  As NBA star Steph Curry is ridiculed for his bizarre new Under Armour sneakers, FEMAIL showcases the other VERY quirky designs on the market Prince's ex Mayte reveals heartbreak after star burned everything in their dead son's nursery including his urn following their split Shares unseen photos 'We'll all be there to cheer you on!' Prince Harry announces he will be at London Marathon with William and Kate to support their mental health charity runners Korn recruit 12-year-old to fill in for bassist on tour... but he is the son of Metallica's Robert Trujillo Pre-teen is filling in for bassist Reginald Arvizu 'I was taking the advice of my nanny!' Southern Charm's Thomas Ravenel explains why his children, aged one and three, live in the guest house  'Oh hello abs, nice to see you again!' Katherine Webb shows off her VERY toned stomach in sultry bikini selfie, nearly a year after giving birth to son Joan Crawford porn films: How star was blackmailed by brother who threatened to leak her early stag movies as 'Feud' recounts first celebrity sex tape Back to the 80s! Matthew McConaughey rocks retro slicked back hairdo and mustache as he joins wife Camila Alves at fundraiser in New Orleans Lisa's wild side! Rinna showcases muscular physique in leopard print bikini after explosive RHOBH finale Called 'out of order' by Lisa Vanderpump A real-life action man! Tom Cruise films dramatic car chase for Mission Impossible 6 alongside his stunt double in Paris Got to work on set  'Cool Cousins!' Jessica Simpson's daughter Maxwell poses up a storm with Ashlee's boy Bronx Simpson genes clearly run strong in these two Right on the Monae! Janelle stuns in revealing frock as she soaks up the rays in luxury Dominican Republic villa Well-earned break Looking bow-tiful! Gwen Stefani perfectly co-ordinates her outfit... right down to the gift Singer headed to a party without her beau Blake Shelton New Doctor Who recruit Pearl Mackie reveals she was nervous about meeting Peter Capaldi for the first time... as he discusses why he quit Awkward! Exes Drake and Rihanna end up at the same children's birthday party  Videos show the pair almost totally ignoring each other 'One month left!' Pregnant Bristol Palin shows off baby bump in new video and posts a series of heartwarming family photos from their weekend together A lion's pride! Detroit Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford welcomes twin girls Sawyer and Chandler with his college sweetheart wife 'He's made such a good impression on everyone': Jason Momoa poses for MORE fan snaps as burly hunk is praised ahead of filming Aquaman 'Oh boy!' Swimmer Ryan Lochte's model love Kayla Rae Reid celebrates her baby shower with lavish party Expecting her first child with husband-to-be 'Don't ask!' Sofia Richie dons a bikini as she leaps aboard a jet-ski while living it up in Qatar Lionel Richie's daughter having fun on vacation in Persian Gulf Canadian PM Justin Trudeau and his family visit the war grave in France of his wife's ancestor who fell during the invasion of Normandy in 1944 'The lady to my right is snapping a pic of my booty!': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson calls out fan during appearance at Disney for new Jungle Cruise movie My children won't get their hands on my fortune, says Gordon Ramsay as he reveals they don't get to sit in first class with him or eat at his restaurants A real-life Indecent Proposal: High roller claims Canadian billionaire offered $1.5 MILLION to sleep with his wife Jane the Virgin actress Greice Santo Gigi Hadid, Sofia Richie and Jasmine Tookes strike a pose in new Tommy Hilfiger campaign - as they're joined by Anwar Hadid and Lucky Blue Smith Seventeenth-century mansion that hosted Ronald Reagan, Margaret Thatcher and Elizabeth Taylor at lavish parties goes on sale for 'cut price' $15 million  'His endgame was fame': Mariah Carey, 46, and Bryan Tanaka, 33, 'SPLIT following his insane jealousy over her relationship with Nick Cannon' The Green, Green Grass of Jones! Sir Tom puts Beverly Hills home on market for $8 million - featuring leopard-print dining room and stunning outdoor pool Lady Victoria Hervey is pictured first time since expressing fears that Mel B husband Stephen Belafonte secretly taped their wild drunken threesome Kate Beckinsale shows off her sensational figure in a red and white strapless bikini as she lounges on glorious hammock over the ocean Victoria's Secret model Elsa Hosk swaps her usual figure-flaunting style for chic gold statement coat as she steps out in New York City Prince charming! Charles leaves the local women in fits of giggles as he visits a community center on a whistlestop tour of Cumbria in northern England Zoe Saldana flaunts her incredible figure in a sheer voluminous co-ord as she steals the show at Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in Tokyo Bromance! Matt Damon spends time Down Under with Chris Hemsworth at the Australian star's Byron Bay home Hanging out together Stocking up for summer? Nicole Kidman's husband Keith Urban showcases his tattoos as he buys beach umbrellas in Nashville Who nose what he's done? Jean-Claude Van Damme wears a facial bandage... but slips it off for photo Spotted heading up the Pacific Coast Highway  Inside the intimate venue where Pippa Middleton will walk down the aisle: Kate's sister chooses family church on private estate away from prying eyes Father daughter date! Mindy Kaling takes her dad to the basketball to watch the Lakers face off against the Timberwolves   Sat courtside in LA Janet Jackson's marriage was doomed: Tensions over their VERY different cultures and his obsession with privacy rocked their union  FIRST LOOK: Chris Hemsworth loses his trusty hammer as he prepares to do battle with Tom Hiddleston and Cate Blanchett in trailer for Thor: Ragnarok Lingerie-clad Bella Hadid flashes nipple in outtake from LOVE magazine spread The publication shared a nip-slip Polaroid of 20-year-old model That's the spirit! Mischa Barton enjoys leisurely rooftop drinks with a male pal... after winning restraining order extension to block sale of her sex tape 'Character comes when everyone thinks you're an adulterer': Ashton Kutcher speaks about Demi Moore drama as he gets role model award Mel B breaks month-long social media silence after gaining restraining order against Stephen Belafonte amid messy divorce battle 'She wants it done and dusted': Mel B 'to offer Stephen Belafonte $6M and private island in divorce settlement... but only if he agrees to gagging order' 'I'm very proud!' Freida Pinto gushes over her Teletubbies past after revealing she played Laa-Laa during kids' entertainer gig Slumdog Millionaire star  Legendary British DJ Paul Oakenfold sets up at base camp as he prepares to host the 'highest party on earth' on MOUNT EVEREST  At 17,650 feet Superstars Drake and Rihanna lead the pack as the 2017 Billboard Music Awards nominations are announced on Good Morning America 'You should know better': Bethenny Frankel posts about swimming with dolphins and draws quick criticism  Slammed for her choice  'Don't scare me': Kim Kardashian sobs while learning of husband Kanye West's mental breakdown on KUWTK Received the call telling her he was in care  Beach baby! Blanca Blanco plays swimsuit model as she sports teeny weeny bikini in Malibu The 27-year-old happily showcased her figure PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Caution! Do not enter! Louis Tomlinson wears thinly veiled message with girlfriend Eleanor Calder... as airport brawl hearing is delayed Rita Ora rocks her typically edgy style in floaty sheer gown with staggering ankle boots as she steps out in London Looked stunning 'Let's just call it!' Hannah leaves New York for a teaching job as six seasons of friendship come to a close on penultimate episode of Girls 'I don't have a problem with it': Tom Hiddleston reveals he's confident and comfortable doing nude scenes He's left fans very hot under the collar Popping out for a drink! Slimline Jonah Hill sips cup of iced coffee as he chats with mystery woman in Los Angeles He is looking as fit and lithe as ever. Billie Lourd continues PDA-filled Caribbean getaway with shirtless boyfriend Taylor Lautner The 24-year-old could not keep her hands off the Twilight star  Ashley Graham shows off her perky posterior while she twerks in a cut-out LBD on Snapchat The Sports Illustrated star opted for a long sleeve, fitted black dress Co-parenting in action! Jennifer Garner takes the kids to church before Ben Affleck picks up daughter Violet She accessorized with black sandal wedges  One racy number! Formula One star Jenson Button's model girlfriend Brittny Ward turns her sexy snaps up a gear as she poses in VERY seductive bikini  'You want to be me!' Kim Zolciak trades vicious insults with Kenya Moore during wild season nine finale of RHOA Explosive return 'Barely know her': Ryan Phillippe denies he is dating Katy Perry as he takes to Twitter in bid to halt speculation He completely denied the rumors  Upset Kendall Jenner is 'laying low' and 'spending time with family' after fallout of lambasted Pepsi ad 'Still not happy about the controversy'  'Somebody is awake!' Proud papa Rob Kardashian shares a cute snap of his sleepy baby girl Dream in her crib One happy father  Heidi Klum wraps up her bikini body in a kaftan while continuing her beach holiday in Turks and Caicos Was a decidedly more low-key Heidi than usual Alec Baldwin enjoys a Sunday stroll in NYC with wife Hilaria, son Rafael, 22 months, and the family dogs Taking it easy after appearance on SNL He shoots, he scores! Ansel Elgort takes high school sweetheart Violetta Komyshan on date to a hockey game... and wins a sweet kiss Just the two of us Pretty Little High-Flyers: Ashley Benson is pictured with handsome mystery man as they leave the iconic Chateau Marmont together  Wheel-y fun! Christie Brinkley, 63, shares blissful bike riding video while also revealing fitness tips to her followers She looks amazing Goldie Hawn can't stop giggling with old pal Quincy Jones at gala... before they're hilariously dwarfed by basketball star Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Mel B 'credits her boss Simon Cowell with helping her to finally leave "bad news" husband Stephen Belafonte amid claims of a decade of abuse' Baby joy for Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk as couple welcome their first child Pair has stayed secretive about tot, who was born two weeks ago 'Best birthday present': Jenna Jameson shares precious snap of her newborn girl as mom-of-three turns 43 Shared with her Instagram followers Embattled Mel B stopped by police for minor traffic violation in Los Angeles amid scandal-ridden split with Stephen Belafonte One thing after another El Chapo's Netflix miniseries being made in Colombia because producers think Mexico has become too dangerous after the drug lord's arrest Have I Told You Lately That I Love You: Rod Stewart, 72, and Penny Lancaster, 46, look close as they hold hands on family outing in Bel Air All she needs is a pipe! Ashley Olsen grins as she steps out in granny chic slippers before going for a stroll She recently split from her much older lover David Beckham enjoys some bonding time with daughter Harper as she plants a kiss on his cheek in adorable snap He spent last weekend bonding with his sons 'We are so proud of you': Jamie Oliver's wife Jools wishes daughter Daisy a happy 14th birthday with sweet Instagram snap of her cradling baby River 'It's a nightmare for his career': Harry Styles could miss out on number one spot for debut solo single due to Spotify 'streaming error' Bad luck, Harry 'Girls are better at investigating!' Freida Pinto hints she'd like to play a female 007... but says she'd only take Bond Girl role if she 'had a voice'  Game of Thrones star Charlotte Hope suffers a nip slip as she goes braless under plunging white dress at the 2017 Olivier Awards in London Game of Thrones couple Kit Harington and Rose Leslie put on an amorous display at the 2017 Olivier Awards... as the stunning actress flashes her Dior boxers  Lily Collins keeps it casual in an oversized denim jacket and baggy trousers as she runs errands An altogether more pared back look  Ray of sunshine! Ophelia Lovibond looks radiant in off shoulder bright yellow gown at the 2017 Olivier Awards in London All eyes on her Fans pour into St. Louis streets to say farewell to music legend Chuck Berry who was buried with his beloved cherry-red Gibson guitar Long lines for viewing     DON'T MISS Game of Thrones star Rose Leslie flashes a cheeky glimpse of her underwear in a sheer chiffon red dress  at the Olivier Awards 2017 in London Best actress nominee Ruth Wilson sports a VERY risque sheer frock which reveals her Bridget Jones pants as she attends the Olivier Awards in London Amber Riley stuns in blue sequined gown before slipping into bright red dress as she wins for Best Actress at Olivier Awards in London Only the best for Miss West! North, three, hints at her superstar roots as she totes £4K Fendi handbag for church trip with cousin Penelope Cute cousins Fighting fit! Demi Lovato wears tight workout gear as she goes for a bike ride with her MMA fighter beau Guilherme Vasconcelos Cute couple 'Workinnnnn'! Kylie Jenner flaunts taut stomach and cleavage in athletic wear in social media snaps Shared a sultry shot of herself posing  'Go take a f***ing photo over there!' Iconic singer Patti Smith, 70, 'banishes' a fan from her Sydney show for using their smartphone as she thrills crowds SPOILER ALERT: 'No more heartache!' Homeland fans take to Twitter to mourn the shocking death of beloved character during season finale No shorts, no problem! Charlotte McKinney flashes her toned legs in oversized shirt during coffee run with actor Ben Robson in Malibu Grabbed a Starbucks Thing are getting even more serious! Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jess Origliasso spotted house hunting together in LA and check out Jared Leto's $2m home Family first! Miley Cyrus joins mom Tish and sister Noah for brunch in Malibu The singer kept it low-key at Soho House private members club  Maybe baby? Magazine claims Margot Robbie, 26, is 'expecting her first child' with husband Tom Ackerley Tied the knot in December Just when a Spade would have come in handy! Naya Rivera attends Easter egg hunt party without 'lover' David Rumored relationship 'Mother of Dragons': Madonna posts make-up free selfie to Instagram and compares herself to Game Of Thrones' Daenerys Targaryen Fierce photograph  Selena Gomez stands out in yellow top and skinny jeans as she leaves tattoo parlor after getting new inking Sunshine yellow in her hoodie Tidal co-owner Jay Z yanks music from Spotify's playlist Removed the majority of his catalog from the rival music streaming service  'I'll celebrate you forever!' Playboy alum Kendra Wilkinson wishes Hugh Hefner a happy birthday as he turns 91 The 31-year-old stunner  Bonding time! David Beckham and teenage son Brooklyn keep it casual while shopping together in Hollywood Father-son time in Los Angeles  Busy Philipps has lunch with family in WeHo... hours after claiming her Uber driver 'tried to murder' her Now regrets taping her hysterical story  Mandy Moore cuts an elegant figure in chic black dress at The Contenders Emmys Rocked a sophisticated look as she spoke on the panel Something in the hair! Emma Roberts shows off new long extensions as she looks cute in spring ensemble in Hollywood Scream Queen star She means business! Sophia Bush wears chic pantsuit as she hosts tastemakers event in Chicago The Chicago P.D. actress was very stylish  Pedal power! Kesha gets her heart pumping with cycling session in Venice Beach with her boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter Peddling on the beach 'It's torture for her': Bearded Justin Theroux confesses wife Jennifer Aniston seriously dislikes facial hair he grew for Leftovers character 'We love it... it is the best for them': Elsa Pataky speaks about her 'dream' life in Australia with husband Chris Hemsworth and their three children Red hot! Miley Cyrus sizzles in crimson crop top and barely there shorts for hike with Liam Hemsworth and their two dogs Weekend stroll 'You go dude!' Kylie Jenner joins rejected teen at his high school prom... making him an instant legend He had his first prom invite rejected. Red hot! Olivia Culpo shows off her midriff in crimson crop top with ripped denim for farmers' market visit with boyfriend Danny Amendola VS Angel Josephine Skriver celebrates 'birthday week' in bikini at Encore Beach Club in Las Vegas Model flaunted her six-pack abs They'd make a sweet couple! Paris Jackson has 'very friendly' ice cream date with Nick Jonas Romance may be brewing 'You're literally singing for your supper': Seal hints at new street performer television show ahead of his return to the Australian version of The Voice  Sunday shop! Jessica Alba wears stripy top as she stacks up on veggies at organic market in LA Left her long dark blonde hair loose In the mood! Bebe Rexha shows off curves in bandeau top and tiny shorts at Miami Beach Gay Pride Parade Star gave revelers a generous view  Ravishing in ruffles! Gina Rodriguez rocks black frock with white detailing at The Contenders Emmys in LA She looked radiant  'I will not be killed today!' Hysterical Busy Philipps posts late night Instagram story saying she believes her Uber driver was trying to murder her Victoria Beckham's Target range is selling for FOUR times the price on eBay... as star issues an apology after customers complain they can't buy online  Harry Potter and the Cursed Child steals the show scooping NINE prizes at the 2017 Olivier Awards The show's lead Jamie Parker won Best Actor Sunday fun day! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend step out for lunch with baby Luna... ahead of her first birthday Cut a stylish display  Stripper claims she had a threesome with Mel B and Stephen Belafonte... but claims the Spice Girl was 'the boss' of the relationship in wake of their divorce EXCLUSIVE: Elsa Pataky and husband Chris Hemsworth put on a loved-up display as they showcase their RIPPED physiques at the beach Will late beloved comedian Don Rickles' voice return as Mr Potato Head in Pixar's Toy Story 4? Had not yet recorded his lines when he died. Picture perfect! Khloe Kardashian is beaming with beau Tristan Thompson in sweet Polaroid Instagram snap Heartwarming snap of the pair  Marla Maples puts on a VERY acrobatic display as she takes part in Italian version of Dancing with the Stars Trump's second wife dazzled the crowd  Jason Statham and pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley leave hotel morning after The Fate of the Furious premiere in NYC Checking out  Model daughter! Kaia Gerber is Cindy Crawford's double as she dons red swimsuit in St Barts She has clearly been gifted with good genes 'Sunday funday!' Katie Holmes indulges her sweet side as she bakes pretty cupcakes with Suri Showing off her sugary side   Stephen Belafonte's ex Nicole Contreras alleges Mel B's estranged husband 'pinned her against a wall and tried to choke her' Daddy off duty! Liam Payne, 23, leaves new mum Cheryl, 33, home with their baby as he plays basketball in the glorious sunshine Well-deserved break  'Wow, what a difference 50 tomahawk missiles can make': Alec Baldwin reprises Trump for SNL after an 'amazing' week without talk of Russian ties City of love! Ellie Goulding looks smitten with rumored new boyfriend Caspar Jopling in NYC...following her brief dalliance with Beckham's bodyguard  He confounded those muggles! Tom Felton goes undercover at Harry Potter concert... dressed as a Slytherin pupil Going back to his roots Mommy and me! Liv Tyler cradles baby daughter Lula in pink blanket as they head out in New York Enjoyed their stroll in the Big Apple Bikini-clad Elizabeth Hurley, 51, flaunts her impossibly youthful physique as she larks around in leopard print two-piece during sun-drenched getaway 'Everything has a price!' Kim Zolciak reveals she would return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta She walked from the show in the fifth season Baby's still Boss! Animation takes the top spot at the U.S. box office for a second week with $26.3million Alec Baldwin's voice is proving a hit  Simon Le Bon, 58, shows off his age-defying frame as he joins bikini-clad brunette for another day on Miami shores before Duran Duran gig Mama will preach! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, spotted puffing on a cigarette as she heads out for a casual coffee date with a pal in New York 'Lovelier than any queen': The Princess Bride's Cary Elwes sends Robin Wright his love on her 51st birthday Flashback to celebrate the milestone  Antonio Banderas, 56, shares a smooch with glamorous girlfriend Nicole Kimpel, 37, as they celebrate the start of Holy Week in Malaga Is on the mend Lap of luxury! Sofia Richie lounges on Banana Island resort off the coast of Doha while on Qatari holiday Keeping her social media followers updated She's a bikini babe! Sports Illustrated model Natalia Borges sizzles in tiny two-piece which shows off her perky derriere and sculpted abs 'Unicorn's out!' Kelly Brook flaunts her toned assets in cheeky naked snap as she and boyfriend Jeremy Parisi splash around in a sunlit pool on a fun float 'Being a straight man sounds exhausting!' Social media users mock John Mayer after he said he 'discovered a more male-appropriate heart emoji'  'So thankful!' Little People's Zach and Tori Roloff celebrate baby shower at family farm They were surrounde by their friends during the party in Oregon  Brooklyn Beckham goes under the needle for second inking...days after being accused of 'disrespect' over 'meaningless' Native American tattoo Paul Walker's lookalike brother Cody to attend Australia screenings of Fast & Furious 8 after stepping in to film scenes for his late brother I think I better bleach right now! Will Young looks unrecognisable as he steps out with new platinum hairdo and muscular physique Janet Jackson splits from her billionaire Qatari tycoon third husband just months after giving birth to her first child at the age of 50  Back in the ring! Liev Schreiber and Naomi Watts play on-screen lovers in new boxing film seven months after their shock split Work commitments  Radiant in red! Diane Lane catches up with old pal Rosanna Arquette at film festival The Sarasota Film Festival had a star-studded line-up Goldie Hawn, 71, swaps her glamorous threads for chic workout wear as she steps out for breakfast in LA Looked younger than her years  Doctor Woo! Matt Smith shares a passionate smooch with girlfriend Lily James as they soak up the sun in a London park Amorous display  Bike It Like Beckham! David looks incredibly cool as he whips motorcycle around Hollywood streets The 41-year-old football ace looked handsome  'They are the only things that matter to me': Mel B's estranged husband Stephen Belafonte breaks his silence and says he will fight for custody of kids Good enough to eat! Heidi Klum flaunts her supermodel figure in a tiny floral bikini as she tucks into an ice cream on Turks and Caicos holiday  EXCLUSIVE: Thor blimey! Chris Hemsworth showcases bulging biceps and washboard abs as he goes shirtless at the beach Proving the haters wrong! Amy Schumer responds to body shamers with trove of swimsuit snaps Not letting the negative comments get her down Rita Ora displays her enviably toned frame in skintight gym leggings as she heads for a workout with friends in London Had a cold drink in hand Marvelous in maroon! Chrissy Teigen flashes her cleavage and legs in velvet mini dress for dinner date with husband John Legend Romantic evening  Tom Cruise tears around Paris in an old-fashioned BMW as he shoots exciting car chase with a strait jacket-clad Sean Harris for Mission Impossible 6 'I'm going to kill that mother******': David Gest's bodyguard claims late star hired a HITMAN to kill Elton John after the singer insinuated he was gay '50 shades of blue': Chloe Lattanzi gets playful in a series of racy shots as she shows off her VERY ample assets in a skimpy suede top Rapper Soulja Boy narrowly avoids jail time for weapons possession... but plea deal means he can't even touch a TOY GUN Pleaded not guilty Dinner date! Kim Kardashian flashes cleavage in plunging button-up bodysuit and shredded jeans for outing with Kanye West Looking chic   Family day out: Mel B steps out with daughters Madison and Angel...as divorce from Stephen Belafonte continues getting ugly Day with her girls  A new Boo? Orange Is The New Black star Lea DeLaria's former fiancee Chelsea Fairless pictured kissing her stylist months after shock split from TV star Pucker up! Ariel Winter shares a tender kiss with boyfriend Levi Meaden as she flashes legs in tiny bronze shorts She looked in fine form  Jennifer Lopez dons baby blue with her babe Alex Rodriguez at LA recording studio The 47-year-old pop diva looked fabulous in a turtleneck pleated dress Whoa mama! Candice Swanepoel goes topless as she shows off her post baby bod in nothing but jeans and a hat  New mom shared a series of saucy snaps Nicky Hilton flaunts enviable post-baby body in semi-sheer blouse and skinny jeans as she enjoys a casual dinner in LA Slender frame  Lady Victoria Hervey claims Mel B 'wasn't strong enough' to leave 'controlling' Stephen Belafonte... as she CONFIRMS threesome with estranged couple Jean-ius! Courteney Cox slips on flared denim and casual blouse for solo run to LA farmer's market Cut a casual figure for her solo outing The Crown actress Claire Foy is pretty in a colourful floral blouse as she discusses her hit Netflix show at star-studded BFI & Radio Times TV Festival Bikini-clad Bethenny Frankel enjoys lavish vacation with daughter... after boasting she doesn't need dating apps Seaside getaway Judd Apatow's daughter Maude dons LBD and ballet flats at The House of Tomorrow world premiere She's a 19-year-old Northwestern freshman  Spencer Matthews enjoys an afternoon surrounded by a bevvy of women in London...after Pippa Middleton 'bans his new girlfriend from wedding' 'Wringing it dry!' Dame Maggie Smith brands plans for movie version of Downton Abbey as overkill... but admits it could start with her funeral The Duchess of Cornwall will be portrayed by a mystery actress in The Crown (as producer hints at trouble ahead for royals in the Netflix drama) George Michael's family kick his ex Fadi Fawaz out of the star's $6.2million London house as they prepare to put his homes on the market  Picture perfect! Former Spice Girl Geri Horner flaunts her radiant post-baby glow as she happily stops for a selfie with fans in London This is co-parenting! Kourtney Kardashian and ex Scott Disick take children Mason and Penelope to the movies The foursome were the picture perfect family Twenty One Pilots thrill fans as they take to the stage in red blazers and ski masks in Perth during the Australian leg of their tour Quite the outfits  'I just started to love it': Miranda Hart only began to feel comfortable with her looks at 40... and wants to help others with their self-esteem Nothing to see here! Vin Diesel says he and Dwayne Johnson are close 'in a weird way' amid reports of professional tension between stars 'She had an emergency': Amber Heard exits event through side door without accepting award leaving Cara Delevingne to make her apologies Looking bootyful! Kylie Jenner shimmers in skintight 'space kowgirl' costume on girls' night after Tyga split She also chowed down on a taco  Love, set, match! Amy Adams grins from ear-to-ear as she and husband Darren Le Gallo take daughter Aviana to tennis lesson Special day out  Who's Laughing Now? Jessie J flaunts her hot body in miniscule brown bikini before slipping into sexy bright pink two-piece on holiday  Incredible bikini body  Family fun day! Ciara visits the zoo with husband Russell Wilson and son Future Zahir The 31-year-old singer on Saturday documented a trip to the zoo  Meg Mathews shares very intimate picture of her tanned naked body as she covers her modesty with a blanket ahead of training session Controversial vegan blogger Freelee the Banana Girl reveals her natural remedy of how she heals her tooth infection by eating RAW garlic Charlize Theron flashes lingerie beneath her sheer LBD at NYC premiere of The Fate of the Furious Rocked an ultra-sheer turtleneck dress  'Person or persons?' Broadchurch fans go wild on Twitter as star Mark Bazeley suggests more than one person could be involved in Trish Waterman's rape Harrison Ford jets into LAX with wife Calista Flockhart and son Liam...months after near miss with passenger plane Chose to fly commercial 'Back to the dance floor!' Trump ex Marla Maples joins Italian Dancing with the Stars for special one-night engagement Unique event  Silver siren! Michelle Rodriguez turns heads in plunging metallic gown at The Fate of the Furious premiere She was impeccably made up Moving on! Jaden Smith shares serious PDA with new girlfriend Odessa Adlon... just a month after split with Sarah Snyder was revealed Flower power! Real Housewives star Marysol Patton shows off fab figure in rosy one-piece in Miami Beach 50-year-old socialite 'God Bless'! Teresa Giudice celebrates daughter Gia's Confirmation with sister-in-law Melissa Gorga Aunt Melissa Gorga joined in the fun as well Howdy partner! Hailey Baldwin hangs out with Kendall Jenner's rumored ex Jordan Clarkson at space rodeo soiree She sparkled Jessie James Decker and NFL star husband Eric list rustic eight bedroom Georgia mansion for $1.45m Also own houses in New Jersey and Florida Chief Keef leaves green Lamborghini on streets of Miami Beach as police detain the rapper after possible drug deal Arrested  'It's more than just a one-off fling': Drake 'secretly dating British singer Jorja Smith'... and they even visited her convenience store to buy candy together Sheerly amazing! Kerry Washington wows in textured strapless dress with mesh panels at Scandal's 100th episode celebration Astonishingly successful No star treatment for Goldenballs! David Beckham is left waiting for a table outside popular West Hollywood restaurant.. but takes it in good spirits Last Piece Of Me! Britney Spears' manager confirms pop star will finish Las Vegas residency at end of the year Deciding what's next Packing on the PDA! Brielle Biermann and boyfriend Michael Kopech exchange passionate kisses and feed each other treats at county fair Good for the heart! Demi Lovato and boyfriend Guilherme Vasconcelos share a kiss during hike in LA Exercise is good for the heart 'It's been a crap couple of days': Rebel Wilson reveals the unique gift Jake Gyllenhaal gave the actress to cheer her up during difficult time Thanked him  Touchdown! Mary J Blige keeps a low-profile in sunglasses and skin-tight activewear as she arrives at Sydney Airport ahead of her Australian tour Fit mom-to-be! Whitney Port rocks trainers and leggings during stroll...as she continues to update fans on pregnancy via video blog Reality star  Bump in the night! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley cuts elegant figure at The Fate Of The Furious premiere with fiance Jason Statham No caption required! The Weeknd is embraced by Selena Gomez in a moody Instagram picture The Come And Get It star recently met his family The man doesn't age! X Factor judge Seal, 54, looks youthful in an edgy black outfit as he jets out of Sydney still giving the cool kids a run for their money Good call, Wills! Pictured back on duty, the not-so-workshy Prince might almost be texting: Sorry, dear, I'm busy right now!   Hard at work?  Man's best friend! Dog lover Mickey Rourke steps out in eye-catching vest during outing with pet Pomeranian Dressed rugged  And the president's aide wore pink! Trump assistant Omarosa gets married in his luxury DC hotel but President is forced to stay away by Syria crisis 'A little something!' Lisa Rinna shows off huge diamond ring as she celebrates 20 years of marriage with Harry Hamlin Glittering jewel  David Schwimmer heads out in New York without wedding ring...just days after announcing split from wife of six years Zoe Buckman Orange crush! Elsa Pataky scorches in strapless tangerine dress for Fate Of The Furious premiere Chris Hemsworth's wife looked fabulous  Back to reality! Dakota Johnson throws on a pair of leggings and hits the streets of LA after returning from her sun-soaked vacation  Out for a bite to eat  Abs-solutely fabulous! Miley Cyrus shows off her toned waist in sporty crop top as she walks her dogs She knows how to rock a winning look  Mel C is supported by Geri Horner as she sings nostalgic Spice Girls hits during London gig... days after ruling out hopes of the girl band reuniting Mini reunion  Don't ban wedding hotties, Pippa - it's how YOU got famous! RACHEL JOHNSON offers advice after she halts Vogue Williams and Meghan Markle  'I'll do anything to help her bring him down': Ex-lover of Mel B's husband pledges to team up with former Spice Girl to protect singer's $62m fortune Colossal-ly chic! Anne Hathaway combines tough and cute in girly dress and leather jacket at film screening This starlet is ready for a monster hit  'I'm gonna pass out!' Mama June rushed to hospital 'in excruciating pain'... hours after debuting her revenge body Jennifer Garner gets juice with a friend... as Ben Affleck cheers daughter's soccer team across town Pair are carrying on with their family duties  Paula Patton warms up to Devon Sawa as they embrace on chilly set of new thriller Somewhere Between Filming in blustery Vancouver Olivia Newton-John's nephew Charlie Goldsmith lands TV series from the production company behind Keeping Up With The Kardashians Model Shanina Shaik shares behind-the-scene snaps from steamy photo shoot with fiancé DJ Rukus as they pose dangerously close to edge of cliff Today's headlines Most Read 'I want to commend you for continuing to go above and beyond': Defiant United Airlines CEO pens 'tone deaf'... Now North Korea warns it is 'ready for war' after U.S. deployed an armada of warships to waters off the... Countdown to catastrophe: It's a nightmare scenario. But as the war of words between Russia and the U.S.... Russia KNEW about Syrian gas attack in advance - and about a bid to cover it up by bombing hospital treating... PICTURED: Moment man jumps to his death from fourth-floor courthouse balcony before his trial for repeatedly... Is there a Russian or North Korean submarine off the coast of California? Unusual Navy aircraft patrol... America launches unprecedented joint bid to co-host 2026 World Cup with Mexico and Canada after gaining... Tesla becomes most valuable car company in the US: Electric automobile manufacturer overtakes GM and Ford... New plane-tracker app lets you watch real-time aircraft soar across the globe on incredible live 3D map Fly the Friendly Skies? You get better treatment on Con Air than on most domestic US airlines Extra who starred in Kendall Jenner's tone-deaf Pepsi commercial speaks out to claim most actors who feature... EXCLUSIVE - My mother's 'hatred' for her sister Meghan Markle: Family of Prince Harry's girlfriend hit by... 'United is proud to announce the new club class - fight club!' Twitter trolls airline with hundreds of... Strange rock with ‘alien’ patterns may FINALLY crack the 70-year-old Roswell UFO case, claim conspiracy... Remarkable moment an ultrasound shows twin girls sharing a kiss in mom's womb  Ohio woman, 23, is charged with raping a male taxi driver while her accomplice held him at knifepoint then... American woman stabbed to death in Paris by a homeless man while visiting her daughter PICTURED: Gunman who shot dead his teacher wife and her eight-year-old special needs student in their San... REVEALED: Gunman who opened fire on his estranged wife at San Bernardino elementary school had been married... ‘Mommy, I still have blood on my sweater’: Girl, 9, who saw her teacher and classmate killed in San... Do you know your botnets from your VPNs? Take the cybersecurity test that could reveal if you're at risk Take the test that reveals the 'bad spots' in your vision (and don't worry, scientists say we ALL have them) There's 'no one harder' than my dad 'if they cross us': Eric Trump claims Donald Trump is not intimidated by... Who needs the wall?! Rio Grande border crossings plummet as Mexican migrants are spooked by Trump's... Trump White House to hold Seder to mark start of Passover to keep up tradition started by Obama EXCLUSIVE: Striking out on their own! Melania takes Tiffany, Barron and THIRTY Secret Service agents to... Now Susan Rice gets 'four Pinocchios' from fact-checkers over her claim Syria had 'verifiably' given up... ‘I don't know if I can survive four years waiting for a new president’: 21-year-old with rare autoimmune... 'I got it done in the first 100 days!' Trump brags about getting Gorsuch on the Supreme Court as justice... MORE HEADLINES Airport cop is SUSPENDED over United scandal as new video shows bleeding 69-year-old victim mumbling 'kill me' after he was body-slammed and hauled off overbooked flight to make room for airline STAFF China 'deploys 150,000 troops to deal with possible North Korean refugees over fears Trump may strike Kim Jong-un following missile attack on Syria'  Chechnya opens world's first concentration camp for homosexuals since Hitler's in the 1930s where campaigners say gay men are being tortured with electric shocks and beaten to death  PICTURED: Gunman who shot dead his teacher wife and her eight-year-old special needs student in their San Bernardino classroom before wounding another pupil and turning gun on himself  Caitlyn Jenner reveals she HAS now undergone gender reassignment surgery because she was 'tired of tucking the damn thing in all the time' PICTURED: Moment man jumps to his death from fourth-floor courthouse balcony before his trial for repeatedly raping girl, 10, and then killing her and her grandparents by torching their home The incredible moment a mountain COLLAPSES in Malibu, sending rocks and debris flying and covering cars below in a cloud of dirt Turbocharged mystery: How did TWIN 1987 Buick Grand Nationals end up parked for decades in a dirty garage with barely a mile on the clock? Ohio woman, 23, is charged with raping a male taxi driver while her accomplice held him at knifepoint then robbed him of $32 EXCLUSIVE - My mother's 'hatred' for her sister Meghan Markle: Family of Prince Harry's girlfriend hit by new split as her niece accuses 'abusive' mom penning book of being 'jealous' of the actress 'I want to commend you for continuing to go above and beyond': Defiant United Airlines CEO pens 'tone deaf' email defending staff after 'belligerent' passenger was viciously dragged from overbooked flight The kiss of death: Man posing for a photo with a deadly cobra in India doesn't even realize when the snake bites his face... 'then dies an hour later' My children won't get their hands on my fortune, says Gordon Ramsay as he reveals they don't get to sit in first class with him or even eat at his restaurants Joan Crawford's porn films: How star was TWICE blackmailed by brother who threatened to leak her early stag movies as 'Feud' recounts Hollywood scandal around the first celebrity sex tape My daughter Casey Anthony is a LIAR: Her own disgusted father slams her claims he sexually abused her and breaks down reading the suicide note he wrote after granddaughter Caylee's death  Police say video of sorority girl being body slammed outside a bar after 'shoulder checking an officer' lacks context, as her family reveals photos of horrific bruises she suffered in arrest Marvel removes 'secret, coded anti-Christian and anti-Jewish messages inserted into X-Men Gold comic by Muslim artist' after fans spot them  From Countess to queen of the one-bedroom: 'Real Housewives' star Luann D'Agostino shows off the $1.5million penthouse she and new husband Tom call home Prince's ex reveals her heartbreak after pop star burned everything in their dead son's nursery including his urn following their split, as she shares never-before-seen photos of singer EXCLUSIVE: Welcome to S-TOWN - The photos and story behind the blockbuster podcast about the tattooed, reclusive eccentric John B. McLemore and how his murky tales of murder and buried treasure have divided the Alabama town Now North Korea warns it is 'ready for war' after U.S. deployed an armada of warships to waters off the Korean Peninsula Terrifying moment ship almost tips over when it's battered by high winds and waves off the coast of South Africa 'United is proud to announce the new club class - fight club!' Twitter trolls airline with hundreds of hilarious memes after passenger, 69, was hauled off flight to make room for staff Furious husband fills wife's car with cement after she legally changed her surname to a supermarket chain to promote the store where she works Now Susan Rice gets 'four Pinocchios' from fact-checkers over her claim Syria had 'verifiably' given up chemical weapons Russia KNEW about Syrian gas attack in advance - and about a bid to cover it up by bombing hospital treating Assad's victims, say U.S. officials Fly the Friendly Skies? You get better treatment on Con Air than on most domestic US airlines 'Our SWAT team will blow your doors off their hinges!' Florida sheriff tells drug dealers to look over their shoulders as his masked officers are coming for them  Definitely a morning person! Adorable baby attracts a legion of online fans with videos of him stretching after being swaddled MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscribe Manage My Account PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Advertise Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Log In News Local News Columns Minnesota Nation World History Webcams Newsroom Directory Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Magazines 507 Magazine At Home Magazine Radish Magazine Rochester Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Autos Homes Sales & Specials Deals 34° Overcast Toggle navigation Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Manage My Account PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Advertise Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Log In News Local News Crime and Courts Education Business Politics Elections Destination Medical Center Columns Answer Man Heard on the Street Minnesota Nation World History Webcams Newsroom Directory Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Century Panthers John Marshall Rockets Lourdes Eagles Mayo Spartans Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment 507 Magazine Sudoku TV listings Total TV Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Submit a Letter Commentary Guidelines Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Magazines 507 Magazine At Home Magazine Radish Magazine Rochester Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Community Housing Personals Sale Service Vehicle Place your ad Autos Homes Brokers Builders Agents Open Houses Real Estate Classifieds Advertise Sales & Specials HyVee Deals 34° Rochester, MN (55903) Today Cloudy early with partial sunshine expected late. High 52F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Clear to partly cloudy. Low 36F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 11, 2017 @ 12:54 am Full Forecast top right promo - flex2 Home News Local News Close Buy Now Scott Jacobson / sjacobson@postb Golden Hill Learning Center in Rochester, Minn. Retail center could transform South Broadway Jeff Kiger, jkiger@postbulletin.com Apr 10, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago (…) Buy Now Scott Jacobson / sjacobson@postb Golden Hill Learning Center in Rochester, Minn. A proposed South Broadway retail development could dramatically reshape Rochester's physical landscape as well its retail one. Twin Cities-based Ryan Cos. has been working on purchasing the former Golden Hill School on the corner of South Broadway and Third Avenue Southeast since 2015. Now the $1.7 million deal is expected to close on April 28. Mid-America Real Estate, working with Ryan Cos., is now marketing the area online with a brochure that shows a significant transformation of the area. A small hill that separates the former school from Walmart to the south is slated to be removed along with the Golden Hill building to create a new commercial area. Mid-America's materials estimate that the proposed project will be completed by fall of this year. It maps out the 8.8 acre site running along the angled Third Avenue and extending just a few feet away from the northwest corner of the nearby Walmart store. A recently installed traffic light will feed cars from Broadway to the new Ryan/Mid-America development. The plan calls for four commercial buildings, housing 54,500 square feet of space, to be constructed next to each other. Two of the stores are listed as having national retail tenants, Marshalls and Ulta Beauty. Marshalls, marked as occupying the largest of the four buildings, is a corporate sibling of Massachusetts-based TJ Maxx that carries inexpensive clothes, home goods and other items. There are more than 975 Marshalls stores. The Illinois-based Ulta is a national chain that carries cosmetics, skin-care products, fragrances, and hair-care items. The beauty retailer has 974 locations in the U.S. and has plans to open 100 more stores this year. Representatives from Marshalls or Ulta were not able to confirm a commitment to the future center on Monday. No one from Mid-America or Ryans Cos. were available to comment on the project. Ryan Cos. has long marked the site for development, though no details about tenants or size have been released publicly before this. Mark Schoening, Ryan's senior vice president of national retail development, has said previously they plan to build a retail center on the site. In January, the firm filed for a demolition permit to clear away the long-empty 36,000-square-foot school. However, the Rochester Public School District still owns the property, though the school board has been working to sell it to Ryan. The school board decided to sell the unused Golden Hill building in 2014 and signed a purchase agreement with Ryan Cos. in 2015 for $1.8 million. That price was later reduced to $1.7 million. The agreement has been extended a few times as Ryan Cos. worked on plans for the site. Now both sides say they expect the sale happen on April 28. This isn't the only project the Twin Cities developer has planned for that busy corner. In August 2016, Ryan Cos. paid $580,000 for the nearby property at 2276 S. Broadway, where a former BP gas station was demolished. The land is directly across Third Avenue Southeast from the proposed retail center. Ryan has filed plans to build a Starbucks coffee shop on that site, which would complement the nearby businesses. What's your reaction? Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Flex2 - Morning Mail - Horizontal for Articles More Headlines Who's has the best fans? Retail center could transform South Broadway Heard on the Street: J2G to launch traveling photo exhibit What fuels township longevity? Multimedia Photos: Triton, Lake City softball Week in Photos: 4-8-17 Photos: John Marshall, Duluth East baseball Video: R/C Racing at Tea's Hobby Shop & R/C Raceway What do you think? Event Calendar Submit an Event View All Events top right promo - flex2 What do you think? Most Viewed Articles Collections Articles Goodhue board clears ramp for ski jump facility to fly Mayo Clinic doc: Trump has 'community on edge' over vaccines Mayo nurse accused of stealing, using drug 'Medicine is really about giving back' Revised Bloom downtown plan includes two towers Can we keep world-renowned doctors? Answer Man: Is Red Wing soon to get a Hy-Vee? Seen and Heard: State leaves big mark during broadcaster's short stay The Bleu Duck's Neu Chef Lawsuit alleges Dallemand authorized payment for fake software Collections Photos: Triton Track Invite Photos: Mock crash at Kasson-Mantorville High School Photos: R/C racing at Tea's Hobby & R/C Raceway Photos: Dancing Tango at the Dahl Dance Center Photos: Kasson-Mantorville, Cannon Falls baseball Photos: PEM, Southland softball Photos: John Marshall, Duluth East baseball Week in Photos: 4-8-17 Photos: Triton, Lake City softball Today's Paper PostBulletin.com FEATURED ADS Shop Speical at HyVee Featured Businesses Hy-Vee Rochester #4 507-292-6000 News Sports Life Opinion Multimedia Obituaries Magazines Blogs Weather AgriNews Log In Services About Us Contact Us Newsroom Directory Careers Advertise Subscription Services Purchase Photo Reprints Submission Forms Contact us PostBulletin.com 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN 55903 Phone: 800-562-1758 or 507-285-7600 Email: webmaster@postbulletin.com © Copyright 2017 Post-Bulletin Company, LLC, 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Login Profile Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Contact Us About Us Advertise Past Issues !!Date!! Browse Archives     Front Page Local Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Education Classifieds Subscribe Front Page News Local Region Nation Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Community Lifestyles Classifieds Subscribe   Other Publications   Argus Champion Message for the Week 2017-04-11 / Front Page Tweet Print Windsor man arrested following police pursuit Suspect a 'person of interest' in Claremont Walmart carjacking By CAMERON PAQUETTE cameronp@eagletimes.com Wayne Keough — COURTESY OF VERMONT STATE POLICESPRINGFIELD, Vt. — A Windsor man classified as a “person of interest” in a carjacking Friday night in Claremont was apprehended early Monday morning following a police pursuit that started in Claremont and ended in Springfield, Vermont. According to Vermont State Police, 39-year-old Wayne Keough hit speeds of up to 120 miles per hour during the pursuit, which started in Claremont before heading west into Weathersfield and down Interstate 91 into Springfield, ending in a crash. Claremont Police Chief Mark Chase said the pursuit started in the area of Mulberry Street around 3:30 a.m. when an officer on patrol recognized the driver of a 1999 Jeep Cherokee as Keough, who had an active warrant for his arrest out of Vermont. The officer initiated the pursuit, which initially went toward the center of town before heading west on Main Street toward Weathersfield. Chase said the suspect is a “person of interest” in the investigation of a carjacking that took place at the Claremont Walmart around 11 p.m. Friday night. In that incident, the suspect allegedly assaulted the victim, a Walmart employee who was leaving the store, took their keys and drove away in their vehicle. Police later recovered the stolen vehicle. The suspect in that incident is described as a white man with dark short hair, a goatee, and a dark-colored sweatshirt. “We’re following up on that possible lead,” Chase said. Claremont police called off the pursuit close to the Vermont border due to speed. There was no property damage in New Hampshire as a result of the pursuit. “We were in communications with Vermont authorities” prior to ending the pursuit, Chase said. The pursuit continued at 3:43 a.m. when a Vermont State Police trooper on Route 12 in Weathersfield located the suspect and attempted to stop him. The chase continued down I-91, with speeds reaching 120 miles per hour at times, according to state police. The vehicle left I-91 and continued into the town of Springfield, eventually crashing. According to police, Keough fought with troopers, who had to use tasers. Keough was taken to Springfield Hospital for an evaluation before being arrested and transported to Southern State Correctional Facility, where he is currently lodged on $1,000 bail. Keough has a hearing scheduled in Windsor County District Court on Tuesday at 1 p.m. for the charges of driving under the influence, gross negligent operation, attempting to elude, resisting arrest, and driving with a suspended license. Keough had been placed on escape from furlough on March 9. According to Chase, warrants have been submitted to the state of Vermont for Keough's arrest for felony charges of robbery and reckless conduct. "Mr. Keough has a number of charges in Vermont at this time where he is being held and it is the intention of the state of New Hampshire that when Keough has completed his sentence that he be held and returned to the state of New Hampshire to answer to these charges and any other that are filed against him," Chase said in an official statement. Return to top Login to post comments Most Viewed Stories Windsor man arrested following police pursuit 'It’s unfortunate' Police seeking suspect of late night auto theft Click here for digital edition Tweets by eagletimesnh Copyright 2011-2017 Eagle Times, All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest She drives a Winnebago to help digital newbies Her ride is a new mobile computer classroom with the aim of bringing computer literacy and job-search skills to all Post to Facebook She drives a Winnebago to help digital newbies Her ride is a new mobile computer classroom with the aim of bringing computer literacy and job-search skills to all  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2oSs5y7 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs She drives a Winnebago to help digital newbies Carmen George, The Fresno Bee 6:14 p.m. ET April 10, 2017 Shannon Morrison and the Fresno County Public Library’s Digibus offer free computer skills classes for residents. (Photo: Eric Paul Zamora / TNS) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Fresno, Calif. — Librarian Shannon Morrison recently drove a large bus into a Wal-Mart parking lot while wearing a long blue skirt covered with prints of Hawaiian hibiscus flowers. Morrison is no ordinary librarian, and she drives no ordinary bus. She’s the guardian of the Digibus — a new mobile computer classroom manned by librarians that hit the road at the end of January bound for Fresno County communities with the aim of bringing computer literacy and job-search skills to all. “I never thought in a million years that I’d be driving a Winnebago that’s almost 40 feet around the community,” Morrison says, “but it really fits my personality. … A lot of people don’t realize how much I’m outgoing, and how much I like to come to them and be really with them and care for them and be a part of who they are — not so much waiting for them to come to me.” Morrison and her Digibus came to the aid of people in Kerman, California, last week. Maria Batres was among those who boarded the bus parked in the Wal-Mart parking lot. The 43-year-old mother of five and grandmother of three is working to better understand how to use a computer so she can access online resources to help her learn English and study to become a U.S. citizen. Batres used a computer for the first time two years ago. She says many of her friends and family members don’t have a computer at home and are also still learning how to use them. Batres has seasonal work driving a truck. She says she likes truck driving, but hopes more education can help her get a better job working at a restaurant. During her Digibus visit, Batres was assisted by Maria Conchas, a bilingual instructor and interpreter. Three other women — one with a baby in a stroller — boarded the bus after Batres on Thursday morning to use some of the 12 computer tablets with keyboards. The bus was donated by Reading and Beyond and was transformed into a mobile computer classroom last year thanks to a $90,000 state library grant, with matched funds from the county. The transformation includes a futuristic blue paint job featuring computer coding. The Digibus has stops scheduled through June, but Morrison expects its travels to continue long into the future. It now visits two communities a month for one week each. Digibus services, all provided at no cost, currently include teaching basic computer skills, such as how to use email and browse the internet, along with job preparedness — including resume writing and searching and applying for jobs online. One of Morrison’s most rewarding experiences on the Digibus was helping a farmworker finish her resume to apply for new work. The woman was able print her resume on the bus and leave with it in hand. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2oSs5y7
NATION NATION Two people find dead bat in packaged salad they were eating, sold by a Florida Wal-Mart Wal-Mart AFP/Getty Images Shoppers are seen in front of a Wal-Mart store. Shoppers are seen in front of a Wal-Mart store. (AFP/Getty Images) Associated Press A recall has been issued after two people in Florida found a dead bat in the packaged salad they were eating. The Miami Herald reports that Fresh Express has recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix, which was shipped to Wal-Mart stores in the Southeast. In addition to Florida, the salads went to Walmart stores in Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. Alabama governor resigns under threat of impeachment over affair with an aide Jenny Jarvie Beleaguered Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley resigned Monday after pleading guilty to two campaign violation misdemeanors amid allegations that he misused public resources to pursue an affair with a former aide and intimidated officials in an attempt to cover it up. "I have decided it is time for me... Beleaguered Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley resigned Monday after pleading guilty to two campaign violation misdemeanors amid allegations that he misused public resources to pursue an affair with a former aide and intimidated officials in an attempt to cover it up. "I have decided it is time for me... (Jenny Jarvie) The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says the bat was tested for rabies but because it was in deteriorated condition, rabies could not be definitively ruled out. The CDC said the risk of rabies transmission is low but recommended that the two people eating the salad start getting rabies treatment. The CDC says both report being in good health so far. Caption Neil M. Gorsuch is sworn in to the Supreme Court President Trump speaks at the public swearing in of Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. President Trump speaks at the public swearing in of Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. Caption Neil M. Gorsuch is sworn in to the Supreme Court President Trump speaks at the public swearing in of Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. President Trump speaks at the public swearing in of Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss The number of illegal border crossings is down to the lowest it's been in 17 years. The U.S. is the largest funder of global health aid, but Trump wants to change that. Advertisers are fighting back against fake news -- do they stand a chance? And lastly, who is to blame in the Wells Fargo scandal? A long-awaited report has some names.  The number of illegal border crossings is down to the lowest it's been in 17 years. The U.S. is the largest funder of global health aid, but Trump wants to change that. Advertisers are fighting back against fake news -- do they stand a chance? And lastly, who is to blame in the Wells Fargo scandal? A long-awaited report has some names.  Caption Landowners in South Texas worry about border wall Jeremy Barnard, general manager of the River Bend Resort & Golf Club in Brownsville, Texas, says his family has put expansion plans on hold because they worry a wall would slice off the bulk of their investment. Jeremy Barnard, general manager of the River Bend Resort & Golf Club in Brownsville, Texas, says his family has put expansion plans on hold because they worry a wall would slice off the bulk of their investment. Caption Rio Grande Valley border crossing Rio Grande Valley border crossing (Brian van der Brug / Los Angleles) Rio Grande Valley border crossing (Brian van der Brug / Los Angleles) Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss The Times Editorial Board published a scathing series on Trump. It's opening day for major league baseball. Nearly 300 died in an airstrike in Mosul. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes today said he's temporarily stepping aside from the Russia probe amid accusations he may have improperly disclosed classified information. Han Solo gets to keep his pilot's license. L.A.'s congressional race looks to be headed to a runoff. California Gov. Jerry Brown's pitch to lawmakers to pass a $52-billion transportation tax plan. The Times Editorial Board published a scathing series on Trump. It's opening day for major league baseball. Nearly 300 died in an airstrike in Mosul. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes today said he's temporarily stepping aside from the Russia probe amid accusations he may have improperly disclosed classified information. Han Solo gets to keep his pilot's license. L.A.'s congressional race looks to be headed to a runoff. California Gov. Jerry Brown's pitch to lawmakers to pass a $52-billion transportation tax plan. ALSO Gorsuch's impact on divided Supreme Court will begin immediately Portland's longtime homeless camp is moving, but underlying problems persist In a consequential week, Trump leans on the Washington establishment he vowed to disrupt Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Teacher killed in classroom shooting was devoted to her students, mother says Boy, 8, and teacher slain in San Bernardino school shooting; gunman kills himself Kings shakeup: Darryl Sutter and Dean Lombardi are out, Luc Robitaille and Rob Blake promoted Trump Series Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Place An Ad 60°
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates Merchants beginning to take shape, secure space in 8th Street Market Fort Smith-based Beaty Capital buys Masonic Temple in Cleveland, closer to opening Fort Smith Temple The Fort Smith consent decree: How it got here, and what happens next Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates The Fort Smith consent decree: How it got here, and what happens next President Trump numbers slip, Gov. Hutchinson approval rises in Arkansas Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Former Arkansas Attorney General Steve Clark recalls first lethal injection Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Merchants beginning to take shape, secure space in 8th Street Market Fort Smith-based Beaty Capital buys Masonic Temple in Cleveland, closer to opening Fort Smith Temple The Fort Smith consent decree: How it got here, and what happens next Young entrepreneurs pitch products, hear from industry veterans Video / Podcasts Former Arkansas Attorney General Steve Clark recalls first lethal injection Poll: Arkansans’ support for death penalty unfazed by upcoming execution schedule Senate Majority Leader Hendren says tax reform, highway funding linked TB&P Daily: Michael Tilley on a tightening state budget TB&P Daily: SXSW with CJRW’s Zack Hill Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates Carriers merge to form a $6 billion company Little Rock slackwater harbor expansion awaiting Trump administration approval Little Rock river port’s economic impact tops $5 billion over past decade, study says Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us NWA Heart Walk raises $1.1 million for cardiovascular disease prevention, treatment BusinessHealthcareNorthwest Arkansas by Talk Business & Politics staff (staff2@talkbusiness.net) 11 hours ago 16 views  0 SHARES Share Tweet More than 12,000 attended the American Heart Association’s (AHA) Northwest Arkansas Heart Walk on Saturday (April 8) at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion in Rogers, according to the AHA. The event raised about $1.1 million for research and programs that promote better prevention and treatment for heart disease and stroke. The AHA fell short of its $1.4 million goal, but fundraising for the effort will continue online through June 30, the AHA said. The free, public event was chaired by Mike Moore of Wal-Mart Stores, Steve Llewellyn of PepsiCo and Celia Swanson, retired Walmart executive. Subway was the main sponsor nationally for the walk. Northwest Health served as the primary local sponsor. Heart Walk was also sponsored by PepsiCo, Walmart, Tyson Foods, Nestle and Newell. In addition to promoting physical activity through the walk, the event featured interactive health booths, group fitness sessions, CPR training and several kid-friendly activities, according to AHA. More than a million people in 340 cities across the country participated in Heart Walk nationwide. In 2016, 14,000 people attended the event, and the walk raised more than $1 million, according to AHA. The 2017 Central Arkansas Heart Walk is set for April 29.   Comments comments Previous post Work starts on Fayetteville energy plan Next post Metsquerade raises awareness and funds for metastatic breast cancer research Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Scott Cashion What we’ve done in the name of national security Gov. Asa Hutchinson Gov. Hutchinson: Legislative accomplishments and ‘greater milestones’ Latest Popular ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates 6 hours ago Merchants beginning to take shape, secure space in 8th Street Market 6 hours ago Fort Smith-based Beaty Capital buys Masonic Temple in Cleveland, closer to opening Fort Smith Temple 6 hours ago The Fort Smith consent decree: How it got here, and what happens next 8 hours ago President Trump numbers slip, Gov. Hutchinson approval rises in Arkansas 8 hours ago Walmart U.S. to cut 10% of local tech division jobs, Sam’s Club also cutting staff 13,638 views Jonesboro may lose one of its two convention center projects 2,482 views Arkansas tax collections tank in March, worries abound ahead of April tax season 655 views Fort Smith Schools Superintendent on career readiness: There’s more we could be doing 610 views Poll: Arkansans’ support for death penalty unfazed by upcoming execution schedule 559 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Share 541 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-04-10 Bjork, Sleater-Kinney, St. Vincent, More Contribute To ‘7-Inches For Planned Parenthood’ Entertainment 2017-04-10 Britney Spears Announces The End Of Her Las Vegas Residency Entertainment 2017-04-10 ‘KUWTK’ Reveals Footage Of Kim Kardashian Reacting To Kanye’s Breakdown: ‘Don’t Scare Me!’ Entertainment 2017-04-10 Netflix May 2017: Sneak Peek At What’s Being Removed So Far News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-04-10 Syria Strikes: ‘Trump An International Lawbreaker Who Will Be Impeached,’ Says Alleged ‘High-Level’ Source News 2017-04-10 April The Giraffe Labor Updates: Animal Adventure Park Planning Unassisted Natural Calf Birth, Watch Live Cam News 2017-04-10 Alabama’s ‘Luv Guv’ Robert Bentley Arrested, Resigns News 2017-04-10 United Airlines Forcibly Removes Passenger Bumped from Flight [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-04-11 Real Reason Why WWE Sent So Many ‘SmackDown’ Stars to ‘Raw’ During the Roster Shakeup Basketball 2017-04-11 NBA Rumors: The Miami Heat Might Nab Gordon Hayward From The Utah Jazz Wrestling 2017-04-11 WWE News: Full Recap Of All Superstar Shake-Up Moves After Tonight’s ‘Raw’ – 11 Superstars Leave ‘SmackDown’ Basketball 2017-04-10 NBA Playoff Schedule 2017: Portland Trail Blazers Vs. Golden State Warriors, When Do The NBA Playoffs Begin? Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-04-10 Easter 2017: Discover New Traditions To Enliven Your Easter Weekend Lifestyle 2017-04-08 Easter Sunday Activities 2017: Find Out Where You Can Spend Easter Sunday With Your Family Lifestyle 2017-04-06 Easter Cakes You And Your Kids Will Love: Recipes For Dirt Cake, Wilton’s, Peeps, Bunny, Carrot And More Fashion, Lifestyle 2017-04-06 Lululemon: Yoga Clothing Global Ad Campaign Set To Target Millennials Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-04-09 How Planned Parenthood Can Be Defunded And The GOP Can Still Help Women In New Healthcare Bill [Opinion] Health 2017-04-09 Live Forever: Scientists Research Immortality With Cybernetics, DNA Tinkering, New Drugs And Cloning Health 2017-04-09 Parasitic Worm Infections Multiply In Hawaii: Is Climate Change The Cause Of Rat Lungworm Spread? Health 2017-04-08 Wonder Bacteria From Pets Prevent Allergies, Obesity Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-04-10 ‘The Elder Scrolls Online’ Is Free To Play This Week On PC, PlayStation 4, And Xbox One Technology 2017-04-10 Latest Windows 10 Update Is A Privacy Threat? Ensure Win10 Creators Update Doesn’t Reset Security Settings Gaming 2017-04-10 ‘Naruto To Boruto: Shinobi Striker’ Confirmed For PS4, Xbox One, and PC Gaming 2017-04-10 ‘Persona 5’ Guts Guide: Atlus Reveals How To Raise A Character’s Guts In Their New RPG BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-04-11 Cedric Anderson’s Facebook Video Talks Love For Wife, Guns: Karen Elaine Smith’s Facebook Shows Wedding Evite BuzzWorthy 2017-04-10 United Airlines Video No. 2 Shows Bloody Passenger Saying ‘Just Kill Me’ – Spilled Blood Caused De-boarding BuzzWorthy 2017-04-10 April The Giraffe Live Stream: Animal Adventure Park Notes Changes, Hopes For Active Labor Soon BuzzWorthy 2017-04-10 Prince George And Princess Charlotte To Participate In Pippa MIddleton’s Wedding SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Elizabeth Thomas, Tad Cummins Still Missing After Nearly A Month; What We Know So Far Crime 541 0 0 April 10, 2017 Elizabeth Thomas, Tad Cummins Still Missing After Nearly A Month; What We Know So Far Aaron Homer Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins are still missing after nearly a month, as families of the missing Tennessee teenager and the man who is believed to have abducted her are pleading for any information anyone may have. As the Nashville Tennessean reports, Cummins, 50, formerly a high school teacher, is believed to have abducted the 15-year-old Thomas, formerly a student of his. Elizabeth was last heard from on Monday, March 13, after her sister dropped her off at a Shoney’s restaurant in Columbia, Tennessee, at about 7:45 a.m. Hours later, just after 3:00 p.m. Monday, surveillance camera footage showed Cummins pumping gas into his silver Nissan Rogue with Tennessee license plate of 976ZPT, at a gas station in Decatur, Alabama, about 80 miles away. Amber Alert update: Teacher was ‘stalking’ and ‘threatening’ Elizabeth Thomas before abduction https://t.co/ffu57iZ714 pic.twitter.com/qXP3qJZd5H — AL.com (@aldotcom) April 10, 2017 On March 31, surveillance footage from an Oklahoma City, Oklahoma Walmart placed showed the two at a Walmart parking lot. They had both apparently darkened their hair in an attempt to conceal their identities. This confirmed Tennessee authorities’ fears that the missing pair had left the southeastern part of the country. Since then, nobody has seen or heard from any of them. Now, as Fox News reports, Thomas’ family is asking a Tennessee court to compel witnesses to testify, believing that people associated with Thomas may know something but aren’t talking. “With each passing week that Cummins and the child are gone, the memories of these witnesses potentially become less clear and more subject to ultimate scrutiny when the above causes of action are heard at trial.” Although whether Thomas was forcibly abducted or went with Cummins willingly is not clear; however, Thomas’ family believes the 15-year-old girl was a vulnerable young child who was manipulated by Cummins. @danabrams @OfficialLivePD you should show the amber alert for Elizabeth Thomas & the suspect might help #LivePD esp after how many caught pic.twitter.com/Rs8rSPJqvB — #60DaysIn#TheJailFan (@60DaysInFan) April 9, 2017 According to The Birmingham News, Cummins had been a teacher at Culleoka Unit School in Maury County, Tennessee until earlier this year. During that time, he apparently struck up a consensual* relationship with Thomas (*legally speaking, teenagers cannot consent to relationships with adults, but indications are that Thomas did not, at least initially, force Thomas into the relationship). On January 23, the pair were caught kissing in Thomas’ classroom. Days later, on February 3, they were caught once again in physical contact with each other, in violation of an order given by the school district for Thomas and Cummins not to have any contact with each other. The day after their disappearance, Cummins was officially fired from his job. Thomas’ father, Anthony, says that Thomas had tried to end the relationship, but that she began feeling guilty about Cummins’ troubles and that he “preyed upon her guilt.” “Moreover, evidence has surfaced that (Elizabeth) became fearful of Cummins’ reaction to his suspension and her belief that he would punish her in some way for it.” According to a March 22 Birmingham News report, Cummins had allegedly researched “teen marriage” online before abducting Cummins. Further, he’s alleged to have planned his escape, watching survival shows on TV to prepare for a life on the run, living away from the prying eyes of the general public. “[The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation] is asking the public to remain vigilant, particularly in remote, secluded areas. With the low number of tips its received, the Bureau believes Cummins is keeping Thomas in places outside the public view. Those places may include campgrounds, large parking lots or garages and parks.” As Thomas is believed to be armed, the TBI is asking that, if you see the pair, you call 911. Anyone with any other information about Tad Cummins or Elizabeth Thomas is urged to call 1-800-TBI-FIND. [Featured Image by Twitter/Tennessee Bureau of Investigation/barbol88/Thinkstock] Share 541 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Aaron Homer Tags: abduction, amber alert, Crime, Tad Cummins April 6, 2017 ‘For Honor’ Contracts Can Now Be Completed In PvP Or Against The AI, Duel Event Begins This Weekend April 5, 2017 ‘Mass Effect: Andromeda’ Patch Improves Facial Animations, Future Update To Address Gay Male Romance Options Comments LATEST HEADLINES Sharna Burgess And Bonner Bolton Dating? ‘DWTS’ Pro Reveals Stunning Details About Her Bull Rider Partner Real Reason Why WWE Sent So Many ‘SmackDown’ Stars to ‘Raw’ During the Roster Shakeup NBA Rumors: The Miami Heat Might Nab Gordon Hayward From The Utah Jazz Kim Zolciak Defends Shereé Whitfield After Kenya Moore Calls Chateau Shereé A ‘War Zone’ Stephen King Just Drilled Into Professional Clowns With Ruthless #SorryNotSorry April The Giraffe Live Stream: Keeper Says She is ‘Moving Around Quite a Bit’ Behati Prinsloo Ditches Baby For Adam Levine, Parents Leave Daughter Dusty Rose At Home For Date Night ‘Teen Mom’ Star Maci Bookout Is Considering Expanding Family Through Adoption Kristen Stewart And Stella Maxwell Are Dating Longest Since ‘Twilight’ Actress’ Days With Ex Robert Pattinson Cedric Anderson’s Facebook Video Talks Love For Wife, Guns: Karen Elaine Smith’s Facebook Shows Wedding Evite Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Richard Spencer Attacked: Alt Right Leader Just Punched In The Face Again, Then Glitter Bombed 16.8k 0 0 ‘Outlander’ Season 3: New Promos Preview Jamie And Claire’s New Lives 3.9k 0 0 Democrats Turn On Tulsi Gabbard Over Skepticism That Assad Launched Chemical Attack 3.7k 0 0 Howard Dean Should Apologize To Tulsi Gabbard And Retire From Public Life [Opinion] 3.2k 0 0 Freedom From Religion Foundation Thanks Mike Pence For Inspiring Donations In Excess Of $104k 2.6k 0 0 WWE News: Bill Goldberg May Be Making Yet Another WWE Comeback 2k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Walmart recalls 5-ounce salad mix after dead bat found in packag - WVVA TV Bluefield Beckley WV News, Weather and Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Hometown Business Connections Advertiser Services NEWS All Points Bulletin Capitol Beat Coal Industry News Get the WVVA News App Lifestyle WVVA News Today WEATHER Snow Patrol WVVA Weather - Interactive Radar Precision Doppler Weather Blogs WVVA weather - Skycam Network Get the Precision Weather App SPORTS Enter the Fast Lane Challenge NASCAR AP College Basketball AP College Football VIDEO SLIDESHOWS THINGS TO DO Medical Minute Smile! It's Your Birthday WHAT'S ON Watch NBC The Two Virginias' CW MeTV Two Virginias' Dub Request Form Walmart recalls 5-ounce salad mix after dead bat found in package Posted: Monday, April 10, 2017 1:40 PM EDT By Paul Hess, WVVA Internet Director BioEmail Connect Biography phess@wvva.com Follow @phess_WVVA (WVVA) - A precautionary recall is issued for Walmart's Organic Marketside Spring Mix (5-ounce-bag) after "extraneous animal matter was allegedly found in a single container." The impacted items have the production code G089B19 with a best-if-used-by date of APR 14 2017 with possible distribution in the following states: Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Virginia. Consumers who've already purchased the items are urged to throw the product away. Fresh Express, the maker of the salads, is offering a full refund. Call the company's consumer hotline at 800-242-5472. Read the full news release issued by the FDA below: April 8, 2017 Contact Consumers Fresh Express (800) 242-5472 Walmart (800) WAL-MART Media Fresh Express Donna Watkins (512) 848-1698 Walmart (800) 331-0085 Announcement Orlando, Fla., -- Fresh Express is announcing a precautionary recall of a limited number of cases of Organic Marketside Spring Mix. The item subject to the recall is 5 oz. Organic Marketside Spring Mix marketed in a clear container with production code G089B19 and best-if-used-by date of APR 14, 2017 located on the front label, and UPC code 6 8113132897 5 located on the bottom of the container. The recalled salads were distributed only to Walmart stores located in the Southeastern region of the United States. The recall was necessitated when Fresh Express was notified that extraneous animal matter was allegedly found in a single container of the salad. Out of an abundance of caution, all salads manufactured in the same production run are being recalled. No other Marketside salads are included in the recall. Fresh Express salads are not subject to a recall. Walmart acted quickly to remove the product from store shelves. Consumers who may have already purchased the recalled product should discard and not consume it. A full refund is available where purchased or by calling the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center toll-free at (800) 242-5472 during the hours of 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Eastern Time. Upon receiving notification, both Walmart and Fresh Express food safety and rapid response teams, in close coordination with regulatory authorities, acted immediately to review all relevant records, launch an intensive investigation and initiate product removal and recall procedures. Fresh Express takes matters of food safety very seriously and rigorously complies with all food safety regulations including the proscribed Good Agricultural Practices. In addition, a range of stringent controls are in place during growing and harvesting to mitigate against field material from entering the raw product system. In manufacturing, additional controls including thorough washing and filtration systems as well as visual inspections that are designed to eliminate unwanted debris. Recalled Product Details Organic Marketside Spring Mix - 5 oz. clear container Production Code of G089B19 and best-if-used-by date of APR 14 2017, located on the top label UPC Code of 6 8113132897 5 located on the bottom of the container next to the bar code Recalled Product Distribution Fresh Express Precautionary Recall, 5 oz. Organic Marketside Spring Mix (No other Marketside Salads and No Fresh Express Salads are included in this recall) Brand PRODUCT NAME SIZE UPC PRODUCTION CODE BEST IF USED BY DATE POSSIBLE DISTRIBUTION STATES Marketside Organic Spring Mix 5 oz. 6 8113132897 5 G089B19 APR 14 2017 AL, FL, GA, LA, MS, NC, SC, VA, NEWSMore>> Summers Commission Meet on Fire Fee Summers Commission Meet on Fire Fee Proposed fire fees were the topic of discussion tonight at the Summers County Courthouse.The new fee would be 25-dollars for residential property...     ... ten dollars for tracts of land with no structures.. and businesses would pay depending on square footage.     According to County Commissioner Tony Williams, they're looking for what is best for the residents and are open to all ideas.     Pipestem Chief Butch Ma... More >> Proposed fire fees were the topic of discussion tonight at the Summers County Courthouse.The new fee would be 25-dollars for residential property...     ... ten dollars for tracts of land with no structures.. and businesses would pay depending on square footage.     According to County Commissioner Tony Williams, they're looking for what is best for the residents and are open to all ideas.     Pipestem Chief Butch Ma...More >> UPDATE: 1 student killed, 1 injured in crash near James Monroe High UPDATE: 1 student killed, 1 injured in crash near James Monroe High A 17-year-old student has died at the scene of the crash and the passenger, a 14-year-old student is in critical condition.  More >> A 17-year-old student has died at the scene of the crash and the passenger, a 14-year-old student is in critical condition. More >> Caregiver convicted of defrauding elderly women in Tazewell County Caregiver convicted of defrauding elderly women in Tazewell County "It's almost unthinkable." That's how Tazewell county Judge Jack Hurley described the actions of Patricia Sweeney before sentencing her.  More >> "It's almost unthinkable." That's how Tazewell county Judge Jack Hurley described the actions of Patricia Sweeney before sentencing her. More >> Controlled burn in Bland County Controlled burn in Bland County (WVVA) According to Bland County dispatch, the U.S. Forest Service is conducting a controlled burn in the county.  The Forest Service released information on April 4, 2017 indicating it would be conducting burns across southwest Virginia through May 15, 2017.   South and southwest winds will likely carry the smoke outside of the burn area Monday afternoon and Monday night. The following is the release from the US Forest Service. 4/4/2017 Marion, Va. - The George Wash... More >> (WVVA) According to Bland County dispatch, the U.S. Forest Service is conducting a controlled burn in the county.  The Forest Service released information on April 4, 2017 indicating it would be conducting burns across southwest Virginia through May 15, 2017.   South and southwest winds will likely carry the smoke outside of the burn area Monday afternoon and Monday night. The following is the release from the US Forest Service. 4/4/2017 Marion, Va. - The George Wash...More >> Video of passenger getting dragged off flight sparks uproar Video of passenger getting dragged off flight sparks uproar Video of police officers dragging a passenger from an overbooked United Airlines flight sparked an uproar Monday on social media, and a spokesman for the airline insisted that employees had no choice but to contact authorities to remove the man.  More >> Video of police officers dragging a passenger from an overbooked United Airlines flight sparked an uproar Monday on social media, and a spokesman for the airline insisted that employees had no choice but to contact authorities to remove the man. More >> Higher Education takes hit in budget passed by W.Va. lawmakers Higher Education takes hit in budget passed by W.Va. lawmakers ATHENS, W.Va. (WVVA) There was a surprise announcement on Saturday night, just two hours before the regular West Virginia legislative session ended. More >> ATHENS, W.Va. (WVVA) There was a surprise announcement on Saturday night, just two hours before the regular West Virginia legislative session ended. More >> 'Armed and Dangerous' suspect sought in Beckley shooting 'Armed and Dangerous' suspect sought in Beckley shooting Police in Beckley have released the photo of a man wanted in connection with a shooting investigation.More >> Police in Beckley have released the photo of a man wanted in connection with a shooting investigation.More >> The Latest: With Gorsuch, high court takes conservative tilt The Latest: With Gorsuch, high court takes conservative tilt Updated: Monday, April 10 2017 3:33 PM EDT2017-04-10 19:33:07 GMT Neil Gorsuch has taken the first of two oaths as he prepares to take his place as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court.More >> Neil Gorsuch has taken the first of two oaths as he prepares to take his place as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court.More >> Can't Find Something? WVVA 3052 Big Laurel Hwy, Bluefield, WV 24701 Switchboard: 800-227-9882 News tips: news@wvva.com or 304-327-7071 Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WVVA. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to main content Search form Search Advanced Search Best New Chefs RECIPES Meat & Poultry Comfort Food Soups Breakfast & Brunch Appetizers Salads Side Dishes Desserts Fruits Vegetables Seafood Pasta & Noodles Special Diets DRINKS Wine Cocktails Champagne Coffee Beer Tea TRAVEL Restaurants Wine Regions Around the World Local Flavor HOLIDAYS Spring Recipes Easter Passover Cinco De Mayo Kentucky Derby Mother's Day Memorial Day Father’s Day 4th of July Labor Day NEWS CHEFS Cooking Videos Mad Genius Tips EVENTS F&W Classic in Aspen KITCHEN & HOME Cooking Techniques How To Gift Guides SUBSCRIBE Magazine Give a Gift Newsletters Wine Club Latest After All That Crowdfunding BrewDog ‘Punks’ Get Chance to Sell Nice Profit Australian Rapper Avoids Dinner Bill by Jumping in the Ocean New NYC Bar Is Donating All Its Profits to Causes Threatened by the Trump Administration A New Way to Get Food to Those in Need: Help Them Grow It Scientists May Be Able to Test Food Safety With a Smartphone Meet the Competitive Eater Who Scarfed Down 255 Peeps in 5 Minutes These Cities Have the Cheapest Beer in the World Yes, Divorce Cakes are Really Trending Exclusive: Tom Colicchio Talks Craft and Hunger on National Geographic Explorer A Tech Firm Is Seeking ‘Beer Interns’ to Drink While They Work Home News Previous How to Travel Around the World for Free Next Yes, Divorce Cakes are Really Trending Recall Issued After Two People Find a Rotting Bat in Their Walmart Salad Latest After All That Crowdfunding BrewDog ‘Punks’ Get Chance to Sell Nice Profit Australian Rapper Avoids Dinner Bill by Jumping in the Ocean New NYC Bar Is Donating All Its Profits to Causes Threatened by the Trump Administration A New Way to Get Food to Those in Need: Help Them Grow It Scientists May Be Able to Test Food Safety With a Smartphone Meet the Competitive Eater Who Scarfed Down 255 Peeps in 5 Minutes These Cities Have the Cheapest Beer in the World Yes, Divorce Cakes are Really Trending Exclusive: Tom Colicchio Talks Craft and Hunger on National Geographic Explorer A Tech Firm Is Seeking ‘Beer Interns’ to Drink While They Work © Justin Sullivan/Getty Images By Elisabeth Sherman Posted April 10, 2017 Fresh Express is pulling their Spring Mix from stores following the discovering. Love a simple salad that you can pick up from the grocery store for a quick and easy lunch? Do you fear bats and rodents? If so, read on with extreme caution. Fresh Express has recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix from Walmart stores throughout the Southeastern United States today, after two people found a dead bat in their pre-packaged salads over the weekend. They reported eating some the salad before discovering the dead animal in their food. Related 1 Million Pounds of Chicken Recalled Because It May Contain Metal 21,000 Pounds of Frozen Pizza Recalled From Select Walmart Stores What to Do if You Think You've Eaten Recalled Food This wasn't just a case of a gross animal making its way into food, which has been known to happen. The salad could have literally killed it's hapless victims: According to a report from the CDC, the bat was tested, but, terrifyingly, the “deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies.” As a precaution, both people underwent rabies treatment. In their own statement, Fresh Express avoided addressing the bat problem specifically, saying only that “extraneous animal matter was allegedly found in a single container of the salad.” If you're a frequent Walmart shopper, be advised that only the Marketside Spring Mix with a best-if-used-by date of April 14, 2017, is being pulled from stores. The bat case is a little different, because usally it's rodents that sneak into human food, ready to scare the hell out innocent shoppers: Back in 2014, a man allegedly found a dead mouse in a wrap he ordered from the Pine Street location of the New York City chain Chop’t. His co-worker then tweeted a photo of his rodent-tainted lunch with the caption, "My colleague ordered a wrap and got a rat @Chopt." The New York City Health Department later inspected the Pine Street Chop’t, where, mysteriously, they found no evidence of “rodent activity whatsoever.” In another incident in 2015, a British man discovered a live mouse burrowing into the loaf of white bread he had just bought. Back in 2009, another man found a dead mouse embedded in the bottom of bread he had purchased online through Tesco – it had been squished and then baked into the corner of the loaf. The next year, Premier Foods, who produces the bread, had to pay him more than 11,000 pounds for his ordeal. The disgusting trend is not limited to rodents though: Frogs and dead birds have been found in bags of salad, too. In New York City, food establishments are rigorously checked by the health department and given a letter grade, so if you’re worried about finding an animal intruder in your food, it’s probably best to avoid places that haven’t earned an A. Thrillist also recently reported that shoppers should avoid deli salads as a general rule. The system is flawed in other places though: Take the Chinese restaurant Rice Bowl in Tucson, that passed a health inspection with a score of 70, which allowed it to stay open, despite the fact that the inspector found “animal carcasses hanging like laundry,” behind the restaurant. The lesson in all of this? Stick to the fresh produce (unless it has spiders). Previous How to Travel Around the World for Free Next Yes, Divorce Cakes are Really Trending The Dish Receive delicious recipes and smart wine advice 4x per week in this e-newsletter. Sign Up The Wine List Weekly pairing plus best bottles to buy. F&W Daily One sensational dish served fresh every day. Sponsored Stories powered by ZergNet Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement   Holidays & Occasions Chinese New Year Super Bowl Recipes Valentine's Day Recipes Oscar Party Food Mardi Gras Recipes Rosh Hashanah Recipes Halloween Recipes Thanksgiving Ideas Thanksgiving Recipes Christmas Recipes Christmas Dinner Popular Dishes Sandwiches Snacks Bread Recipes Grain Recipes Bean Recipes Chicken Recipes Quinoa Recipes Chicken Breast Recipes French Recipes Italian Recipes Mexican Recipes Subscribe Subscribe to Food & Wine Give a Gift Subscription Food & Wine Books Get Food & Wine iPad Edition Get F&W Mobile Apps Clubs & Events Food & Wine Connoisseur Club Events F&W Classic in Aspen Best New Chefs Contact Customer Service Contact Us Advertising Careers Time Inc. Affluent Media Group Travel + Leisure Departures Centurion Site Map All products and services featured are selected by our editors. Food & Wine may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. Affluent Media Group. All rights reserved. View Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Your California Privacy Rights. Ad Choices. Users of this site agree to be bound by the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. foodandwine.com is part of the Time Inc. Food Collection and the MyRecipes Network.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Vampire greens: dead bat found in Florida prepackaged salad By Afp Published: 13:35 EDT, 10 April 2017 | Updated: 13:35 EDT, 10 April 2017 e-mail Walmart stores across the southwestern United States received prepackaged salad mix that has been recalled by the distributor after remains of a dead bat were discovered in one package US health authorities on Monday studied the remains of a dead bat discovered inside a prepackaged salad mix sold in Florida for possible traces of the deadly rabies virus. The Fresh Express company, a subsidiary of Chiquita Brands, announced a "precautionary recall of a limited number of cases" of their prepackaged Organic Marketside Spring Mix, which had been distributed to Walmart stores across the southwestern United States. The company issued the recall on Saturday when it learned "that extraneous animal matter was allegedly found" in a salad container. "Out of an abundance of caution, all salads manufactured in the same production run are being recalled," Fresh Express said, failing to describe the offending "animal matter." The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention(CDC) said it was working with the Florida health department and the US Food and Drug Administration "to support an investigation of a dead bat" found in the packaged salad sold at "a grocery store in Florida." The bat carcass however was in poor condition. "The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies," which is endemic to the creatures across the United States, the CDC said. CDC spokesman Thomas Skinner told AFP on Monday that the chances of rabies contagion from a dead animal are very low. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, slips into a skimpy black bikini as she flaunts her unshaven armpits while relaxing in the sun with her rumoured beau 'They are both extremely thrilled!' Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk name newborn daughter Lea de Seine Shayk Cooper Peter Andre reveals he wants Princess to become a NUN... a week after Katie Price is slammed for sharing a snap of their daughter, 9, in plunging kaftan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Newly single Tyga cavorts with bikini babes on music video set after split with Kylie Jenner Look away, Kylie Something to tell us? Sienna Miller steps out with a little smile on her face amid claims Brad Pitt was 'seriously flirting' with her Experts reveal easy hacks to make your family's life healthier  From cooking classes, to colourful and delicious family dinners. SPONSORED Strictly Come Dancing leads the 2017 TV BAFTA nominations with three nods... as The Crown follows closely behind with two   Nominations are in Blake Lively thought her doctor was 'going to drop our baby' after husband Ryan Reynolds played Marvin Gaye's Let's Get It On during her labour Watch out, Gigi! Lisa Rinna's daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin, 18, signs with IMG Models Has strutted down the catwalks for many designers SPOILER ALERT: Danny Dyer set to make dramatic return to EastEnders as Mick Carter with 'huge punch-up with Lee Ryan's new character Woody' 'Jägerbombs, kebabs - it was a nightmare': Vicky Pattison laments her Geordie Shore diet as she sizzles in gym wear after losing 7lbs during boot camp stay Sponsored by Chanel! Bella Hadid keeps designer tote front and center as she jets off to Dubai for Dior gig Left her Manhattan apartment 'I wanted to do it to show I'm not ashamed of my body': Rebekah Vardy says she's been overwhelmed by positive response to her 'mummy tummy' shoot 'It's terrible to meet you!' Steph and Mimi lock horns, it's crunch time for Fred and Olivia, and Jamie tells Sam to 'f**k off' on Made In Chelsea Comrades in arms! North West and and little brother Saint make a run for the backyard in sweet snap posted by Kim Kardashian on National Siblings Day 'So many scars': Mama June accuses ex Sugar Bear of emotional and physical abuse... as her daughter Anna moves in with him after marriage split Off-duty model moment! Jessica Hart cuts a casual figure in skinny jeans and knee-high boots as she gets cosy with a male pal in New York Marnie Simpson lashes out at Lewis Bloor for 'stealing her bank card' in explosive footage from their Dubai trip... as he brands the claims 'ridiculous' Halle Berry posts rare photo of three-year-old son Maceo as he gazes thoughtfully at the sea Posted a rare photo of her three-year-old Maceo Lunch date! Dakota Johnson enjoys a bite at healthy restaurant in mom jeans with handsome mystery man A casual lunch with a male companion Shop till you drop! Gigi Hadid and mother Yolanda look stylish as they hit the stores in New York City  Popped into a branch of Blick Art Materials Caitlyn Jenner reveals she DID undergo gender reassignment surgery because she was 'tired of tucking the damn thing in all the time' Roll up! Johnny Depp puffs on a homemade cigarette as he resumes filming on LAbyrinth in Downtown Los Angeles Depp portrays a real life LAPD detective Charlotte Crosby worries best friend Holly Hagan will never speak to her again after she lets Kyle Christie tattoo his own face onto the back of her neck 'It's unnerving!' Amanda Holden reveals Mr. Nasty Simon Cowell has turned nice on BGT... and promises her dresses will be MORE daring than ever Cheeky! Love Island's Katie Salmon offers fans an up close view of her ample derriere as she takes saucy selfie in a scarlet thong Snow White and the pop pixie! Kristen Stewart looks just like Justin Bieber after channeling singer's beach style Bleached blonde 'Mommy daughter movie date':  Pink shares selfie with adorable Willow, five, as they head to screening of Beauty And The Beast Kym Marsh 'earns £150k a year on Coronation Street' after winning praise for character's stillbirth... but Jack P Shepherd 'earns £50k more' 50 Cent 'punches' female fan in chest after she grabs his arm and pulls him off stage during his concert in Baltimore Aggressive fan  'I'm really scared I'll be left with two saggy sacks!' Holly Hagan reveals plans for FOURTH boob job... but fears going smaller will leave her with unsightly excess skin Madonna dresses twins Esther and Stella in matching tracksuits and records them singing Shabbat Shalom Lord of the rings! Jason Statham, 49, shows off his RIPPED physique as he reveals he's achieved his buff body through gymnastic training Tension on the beach! Pia Miller shows off her toned legs in tiny shorts as she and James Stewart share intense exchange during filming for Home And Away 'I'm grateful to have you!' Chris Pratt shares a sweet kiss with Anna Faris at the Guardians Of The Galaxy: Vol. 2 premiere in Tokyo Paid touching tribute So happy! Rob Kardashian posts rare selfie as former recluse gushes over five month 'birthday' of daughter Dream Hang loose! Barack and Michelle Obama enjoy South Pacific escape by swimming and paddleboarding Pictured enjoying some boat activities She's sure to make a splash! Home And Away newcomer Sophie Dillman goes surfing in an orange bikini as she films scenes with a shirtless James Stewart 'I almost ran away!' New Doctor Who recruit Pearl Mackie reveals she was nervous about meeting Peter Capaldi... as star discusses his decision to quit Just the two of us! Charlotte Crosby and Stephen Bear say they have BANNED threesomes... despite propositioning two reporters in a week A special brew! A radiant Pia Miller looks loved-up with boyfriend Tyson Mullane as couple pose for a photo during coffee date Harry Styles was 'in the running to play Han Solo in Star Wars spin-off... but bosses decided he'd be impossible to lock down due to his music career' Any regrets? Tyga indulges in retail therapy as 'ex' Kylie Jenner gets lucrative deal for solo reality series It was just one week after reports the rapper and Kylie have broken up SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Lady Kitty cuts a stripy fine figure: Diana's niece shows off her slender frame as she post picture of herself in multi-coloured dress 'You're a MONSTER!' Chris Harper reveals abuse he gets for playing Coronation Street groomer Nathan Curtis... as he confirms plans to leave the soap 'You were very naughty': Christine Lampard reveals husband Frank stopped speaking to her following very cheeky dream Casey Batchelor shows off her toned figure in a skimpy bikini as she contorts her body into an extreme yoga pose during sunkissed beach break 'Good top to bottom': Nick Viall overexposes fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi as skirt rises up during lift on DWTS Dancing With The Stars faux pas 'Goodbye Girls!' Lena Dunham pays tribute to Jemima Kirke and Zosia Mamet after revealing they won't appear in series finale Mel B puts on a brave face as she visits her lawyers after breaking month-long social media silence... having gained restraining order against her husband Red Alert! Hilary Duff stands out in scarlet and pink jacket while filming TV series Younger in NYC The actress shot scenes with Molly Bernard for season four of  Younger Lady Victoria Hervey pictured for the first time since expressing fears Mel B's husband Stephen Belafonte secretly taped their wild drunken threesome 'Fifth element flow!' Katy Perry looks dramatically different as she chops off the rest of her hair She's been experimenting with her hair in recent months PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: That's not much Material, girl! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, gives a glimpse of cheeky new 'W' tattoo in sexy pink bikini Making them green with envy! Delta Goodrem stuns in flowing floral dress at Melbourne meet and greet as she stops to sign autographs 'I'd have them now!' Smitten TOWIE star Mario Falcone reveals he wants babies with girlfriend Becky Miesner but she admits she's waiting for a proposal 'There's no end in sight!' Broadchurch fans are still no closer to finding out who raped Trish as FOUR suspects emerge in the penultimate episode 'Do you like sweets?' Jamie Laing put Claude Littner to shame as he mercilessly grilled the only candidate who wanted to be his 'pardy' organizer on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  'It's feelin' like summer!' Skye Wheatley reveals her tiny waist and sizable side-boob in racy one-piece swimsuit as she takes a dip in the pool 'There's some jealousy!' Kylie Jenner sparks envy in the Kardashian family as new solo reality show is confirmed Reality stardom brought her entire family fame Gemma Arterton looks sensational in a knitted tangerine two-piece for her appearance on The One Show as she continues to promote Their Finest Jason Manford's debut on The Nightly Show comes under fire for 'cutting Jane McDonald off' as he wrestles stage invader to the floor 'Making a mockery' Spec-tacular blunder! Interviewer smacks Nicole Richie's sunglasses from her face trying to give high five Kelly Clarkson laughs about hitting the wrong note while recording her eighth studio album Pop powerhouse's three-octave soprano pipes failed her  Iggy Azalea claims she lost 15 pounds twerking - is that possible? And is it HEALTHY? A doctor explains... Explaining the dance's pitfalls Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves steps out in pink suit as he spends THREE hours getting botox and fillers... after having fat removed and injected into his bottom Was this a navy lark? I've heard fruitier language on Blue Peter: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Reviewed Warship (C4) 'Men are jealous of me!' Nick Cannon jokes about rumors he caused Mariah Carey's split from Bryan Tanaka 'Feeling it!' Reese Witherspoon works on her svelte figure as she tackles yoga and jogging on the same day Mark Latimer survived suicide and detectives played by David Tennant and Olivia Colman were about to solve the case in Broadchurch, by Jim Shelley Flower power! AnnaLynne McCord steps out in floral-print trousers for film screening and panel on modern day slavery Human rights advocate Legs for days! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in a blue mini dress after revealing that she has undergone gender reassignment surgery  'Lost at sea!' Lindsay Lohan strips off to  strike a saucy pose in her bed on a luxury yacht Pregnant Tamsin Egerton shows off her petite bump in casual chic outfit as doting dad Josh Hartnett enjoys a stroll with their daughter Expanding the family 'Let's get this show on the road': Ant and Dec deliver powerful Britain's Got Talent speech in new advert for the show... but Simon Cowell can't resist cheekily interrupting Make-up free Charlotte Crosby glows with happiness as she arrives in Sydney to be reunited with boyfriend Stephen Bear Not so anarchic now! Charlie Hunnam smartens up in a buttoned shirt for lunch with his love Morgana McNelis 'Daddy was sick in the toilet': Stephanie Davis shares graphic clip of nauseated ex Jeremy McConnell changing Caben's nappy... as he embarks on rehab stay From a convicted criminal to Hollywood stardom: 20 years after The Castle became an unlikely Aussie blockbuster - where are they now? 'I'm not entirely sure it will ever truly sink in': Ella Eyre reveals her father passed away just ONE DAY before she put on an energetic show at London club  Back to the 80s! Matthew McConaughey rocks retro slicked back hairdo and mustache as he joins wife Camila Alves at fundraiser Twinning! Matt Damon and Chris Hemsworth sport baseball caps and casual wear as Hollywood BFFs dress to match on American's visit Down Under Maternal instincts! Charlotte McKinney shows motherly side carrying friend's baby after lunching With friends in West Hollywood 'Little legends': Rebecca Judd shares adorable snap of twin sons Tom and Darcy holding hands Sparkling like a diamond! DWTS judge Julianne Hough exudes glamour in glittering gown while showing off her toned pins in high slit on red carpet Her mini-me! Denise Richards opts for casual T-shirt and jeans to hit the grocery store in Malibu with look-a-like daughter Lola Young and refreshed 'I am so thrilled for this next chapter': Mariah Carey announces new album to be released later this year...after 'split' with Bryan Tanaka New music coming 'White trash!' Jax Taylor has trouble adjusting to farm life in Vanderpump Rules spin-off with Brittany Cartwright Storm Keating shows off her huge bump in a sun-soaked bikini snap as she and Ronan prepare for the birth of their first baby together next month 'People have to start respecting the vagina': Emily Ratajkowski and Janelle Monae lead cast of 'fresh faces' talking feminism, race, and Trump  EXCLUSIVE: 'I can't lose my sons too': Jade Goody's ex Jeff Brazier calls for young boys to be vaccinated against HPV which can cause cancer in men Gym buddies! A slender Roxy Jacenko shares a quick embrace with former NRL player Ben Lucas on the way into workout session Showing the love! Katie Holmes posts throwback snaps of her brother and three sisters on National Siblings Day Celebrating family 'Long hair on the way!' Roxy Jacenko gets extensions added into trademark blonde tresses at salon Young love! Willow Smith and 'boyfriend' Tyler Cole walk arm in arm in the sunshine Smith was seen taking a walk with him in Los Angeles on Sunday Bikini-clad Zara Holland puts on a busty display as she enjoys boat ride during sun-filled getaway in Barbados Belly prancer! Ariel Winter flashes her stomach yet again in skimpy crop top as she stretches legs in LA The busty beauty seemed in high spirits  'Feeling better than I've ever felt': Demi Lovato encourages fans to practice 'self love' in Instagram post after overcoming body image issues Snowflake kisses! Olivia Holt and her boyfriend share some sweet PDA as they hit the slopes in Tahoe The 19-year-old Disney star was seen with her birthday beau Kristen Stewart flashes her tummy (and a peek of underboob) in crop top while out with girlfriend Stella Maxwell Looking bow-tiful! Gwen Stefani perfectly co-ordinates her outfit... right down to the gift She has handled many a room on her own as a successful solo act Antonio Banderas and his girlfriend hang out in Malaga... as it's revealed he quit smoking after heart attack The Spanish heartthrob is 19 years older Flawless and fancy free! Mum-of-six Madeleine West looks radiant as she goes make-up free while enjoying a school holiday sleep in Tatt's painful! Charlotte Crosby comforts boyfriend Stephen Bear as he winces in pain while getting an elaborate Banksy tattoo Frill seeker! Leggy Abbey Clancy looks chic in a biker jacket, frayed jeans and embellished mules as she runs errands in London  'We won't see Chewbacca unless it's on Star Wars!' Lisa Oldfield says 'basic b***h' Krissy Marsh WON'T be back for season two of RHOS Kristina Rihanoff showcases her incredible post-baby body in retro polka dot bikini as she soaks up the sun in Tenerife  Cheeky mirror selfie Anthony Kiedis packs on the PDA with mystery brunette as they enjoy romantic getaway in Venice Fancy seeing you here! Exes Drake and Rihanna end up at the same children's birthday party  'Cool Cousins!' Jessica Simpson's daughter Maxwell poses up a storm with Ashlee's boy Bronx The Simpson genes clearly run strong Tatt's nice! Shanina Shaik proudly shows off stunning engagement ring and first inking on her lower forearm Shanina Shaik, 26, took to Instagram to debut her first tattoo Life With Kylie! Jenner lands her own reality show as she branches out alone from the Kardashians She's grown up in front of the cameras  From noughties to naughties: Meg Mathews shares very intimate picture of her tanned naked body as she covers her modesty with a blanket Sir Tom puts lavish Beverly Hills home on the market for a cool £6.45million - featuring leopard-print dining room and jaw-dropping outdoor pool  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Louis Tomlinson wears tracksuit to go shopping with forlorn girlfriend Eleanor Calder... as airport brawl hearing is delayed Healthy-looking Paul Gascoigne browses the window of his local Oxfam before stopping to take a selfie in a coffee shop as he hunts for a new home 'Sweat game was strong': Model Natalie Roser works out at the gym in skimpy sports bra and skintight leggings after new beau Harley Bonner dropped the L word Gaz Beadle's girlfriend Emma McVey sets pulses racing in a skimpy charcoal grey bikini as she flaunts her killer abs while holidaying in Australia 'Mrs T you look UNREAL': John Terry's bikini-clad wife Toni shows off impressively toned figure in sizzling holiday snaps... to the delight of her husband  Steve Coogan and John C. Reilly are barely recognisable as they transform into iconic comedy movie duo Laurel & Hardy for new biopic Yazmin Oukhellou flaunts her derriere in skin tight leggings at TOWIE filming... following feud with boyfriend James Lock's ex Danielle Armstrong 'Stop stealing roles!' Elle Fanning faces a furious backlash over the decision to cast her, and not a transgender actor, as a trans boy in controversial new film 3 Generations Rita Ora rocks her typically edgy style in floaty sheer gown with staggering ankle boots as she steps out in London Hot Right Now star  Jemma Lucy reveals her new nude female tattoo is a portrait of 'ex-girlfriend' Chantelle Connelly NOT former mentor Katie Price She confused fans  'Three generations of bada**women': Ruby Rose shares flashback image of her younger self with lookalike mother and grandmother EXCLUSIVE: 'Bye Bye Boobs!' Real Housewives of Orange County star Kelly Dodd has breast reduction surgery, downsizing her '32 G's'  'I got enough pigs chasing me in NY': Bethenny Frankel stuns in blue bikini as she visits famous bay of swimming sows in Bahamas Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a tiny white bikini as she shares more eye-popping snaps from her Maldives getaway Scantily-clad snaps  'You have to be apart to appreciate it': Coleen Nolan hints she and Ray Fensome may be back on track after discussing marriage break on Loose Women FIRST LOOK: Chris Hemsworth prepares to do battle with Tom Hiddleston and Cate Blanchett in explosive trailer for Thor: Ragnarok Megan McKenna looks stony-faced as she gets back to work on TOWIE for first time since being physically restrained during blazing row with ex Pete Wicks  Elsa Hosk swaps her usual figure-flaunting style for chic gold statement coat as she steps out in New York Victoria's Secret model looked stylish 'He had it': Dunkirk director Christopher Nolan gushes over Harry Styles as he reveals how the singer landed his first cinematic role  Lisa's wild side! Rinna, 53, showcases muscular physique in leopard print bikini after explosive RHOBH finale Showcasing her killer physique It Girls on parade! Gigi Hadid, Sofia Richie and Jasmine Tookes strike a pose in new Tommy Hilfiger campaign  Joined by Anwar Hadid and Lucky Blue Smith 'Don't ask!' Sofia Richie dons a bikini as she leaps aboard a jet-ski while living it up in Qatar Jet-ski jaunt into the Persian Gulf 'The lady to my right is snapping a pic of my booty!' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson calls out cheek fan during surprise appearance at Disney 'I can't lose my sons too': Jade Goody's widow Jeff Brazier calls for young boys to be vaccinated against HPV which can cause cancer in men EXCLUSIVE: 'It's a game changer': MIC's Fredrik Ferrier on what he thinks about Binky Felstead and JPs baby... as he unveils plans to release an album Embattled Mel B breaks month-long social media silence after gaining restraining order against estranged husband Stephen Belafonte amid divorce 'We're taking things step by step': Missé Beqiri hints she would like children with beau Jake Hall... after fans speculate if she is pregnant Zoe Saldana flaunts her incredible figure in a sheer voluminous co-ord as she steals the show at Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in Tokyo 'I'm very proud!' Freida Pinto gushes over her Teletubbies past after revealing she played Laa-Laa during kids' entertainer gig Slumdog Millionaire star 'It takes me home': Australian model Shanina Shaik opens up about perks of modelling for David Jones after steamy photo shoot with fiancé DJ Ruckus Right on the Monae! Janelle stuns in revealing frock as she soaks up the rays in luxury Dominican Republic villa 'Person or persons?' Broadchurch fans go wild on Twitter as star Mark Bazeley suggests more than one person could be involved in Trish Waterman's rape PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Amy Childs protectively pats her huge bump in low-cut black swimsuit as she enjoys break in Israel ahead of her due date Prince charming! Charles leaves the local women in fits of giggles as he visits a community centre on a whistlestop tour of Cumbria 'Oh boy!' Ryan Lochte's model love Kayla Rae Reid celebrates her baby shower with lavish party She's expecting her first child  Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway accused of 'fixing' its competition as contestant gets final question wrong... but still wins grand prize Lingerie-clad Bella Hadid flashes nipple in outtake from LOVE magazine spread Shared a naughty nip-slip Polaroid outtake from shoot 'His endgame was fame': Mariah Carey, 46, and Bryan Tanaka, 33, 'SPLIT following his insane jealousy over her relationship with Nick Cannon Former TOWIE beauty Pascal Craymer raises temperatures as she shows off her sensational body in a hot pink bikini during cooldown in the sea 'She doesn't care': Corrie's Tristan Gemmill insists his wife is fine with his steamy on-screen scenes... after revealing he auditioned to play JAMES BOND Top of the pops! Drake and Rihanna lead the pack as the 2017 Billboard Music Awards nominations are announced Leaders of the pack 'He's made such a good impression on everyone': Jason Momoa poses for MORE fan snaps as burly hunk is praised by crew members Down Under Father daughter date! Mindy Kaling takes her dad to the basketball to watch the Lakers face off against the Timberwolves   The duo sat courtside 'The biggest misconception is that I am a ditzy party girl!' Ita Buttrose's socialite niece Lizzie reveals she wants to be on The Real Housewives of Sydney to 'reinvent herself' EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd been planning the break-up for three months... but never had the guts': Holly Hagan discusses Kyle Christie split... and THAT horrendous tattoo 'Don't scare me': Kim Kardashian sobs while learning of husband Kanye West's mental breakdown on KUWTK The 36-year-old reality star received a bad call  Lucy Mecklenburgh flaunts her sensational figure in a series of skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sunshine Thrilled to be back in the sunshine Prince's ex reveals her heartbreak after star burned everything in their dead son's nursery including his urn after... as she shares never-before-seen photos Baby joy for Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk as couple welcome their first child Hollywood actor and Victoria's Secret model are parents Inside the intimate venue where Pippa Middleton will walk down the aisle: Kate's sister chooses family church St Mark's in Berkshire (and it's private)  Lottie Moss enjoys low-key night out with pals after lamenting her 'worrying' choice in men... as beau Alex Mytton is seen groping mystery blonde  Who's Laughing Now? Jessie J flaunts her hot body in miniscule brown bikini before slipping into sexy bright pink two-piece on holiday  Incredible bikini body 'Has Hazel Irvine gone see through?' BBC Sport presenter sends Twitter wild as her top matching the azalea hedge behind her during Masters coverage EXCLUSIVE: My mother's 'hatred' for her Meghan Markle: Prince Harry's girlfriend's family hit as her niece says her own 'abusive' mom is 'jealous'  Stocking up for summer? Nicole Kidman's husband Keith Urban showcases his tattoos as he buys beach umbrellas in Nashville Pregnant Binky Felstead wraps up her burgeoning bump as she returns from Mauritius babymoon with beau Josh 'JP' Patterson Bromance! Matt Damon spends time Down Under with Chris Hemsworth at the Australian star's Byron Bay home Great friends for years Ridiculous ruffles, Bridget Jones pants and Rose Leslie flashes her designer boxers: It's curtains for the 2017 Olivier Awards' worst dressed stars Kate Beckinsale shows off her sensational figure in a red and white strapless bikini as she lounges on glorious hammock over the ocean Enjoyed the heatwave? Lorraine Kelly reveals painful looking sunburn on her arms as she dons chic cream dress Clad in a sleeveless cream dress Mel B 'credits her boss Simon Cowell with helping her to finally leave "bad news" husband Stephen Belafonte amid claims of a decade of abuse' 'I'm not someone who won't eat a chip': Louise Redknapp, 42, shows off her toned stomach for sizzling fitness shoot... as she reveals her attitude to eating  Lauren Goodger debuts new extension-free hairstyle on Instagram after celebrating a milestone one year with jailbird beau Joey Morrison Who nose what he's done? Jean-Claude Van Damme wears a facial bandage... but slips it off for photo Was spotted with a friend in a convertible Teri Hatcher cuts a chic figure in a pastel pink waterfall coat as she takes on role of new villain in Supergirl on set in Vancouver Filming in Canada One racy number! Jenson Button's model girlfriend Brittny Ward turns her sexy snaps up a gear as she poses in VERY seductive bikini Instagrams Goldie Hawn can't stop giggling with old pal Quincy Jones at gala... before they're hilariously dwarfed by basketball star Kareem Abdul-Jabbar 'Trying on swimmers for vacay!' MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts her toned frame in slinky one-shouldered swimsuit... as she preps for FIFTH holiday Lewis Hamilton gets Chinese tattoo meaning 'brave warrior' and 'love' on same day he won Grand Prix in Shanghai Hamilton showed off the his latest tattoo Ryan Giggs's estranged wife Stacey arrives at the High Court for the latest round of their £48million divorce battle So it continues That's the spirit! Mischa Barton enjoys leisurely rooftop drinks with a male pal... after winning restraining order extension to block sale of her sex tape British Vogue appoints its first ever black MALE editor who wants to end the 'white-out that dominates magazines' - and who pipped Sam Cam's sister to the post  Only the best for Miss West! North, three, hints at her superstar roots as she totes £4K Fendi handbag for church trip with cousin Penelope Cute cousins 'We are so proud of you': Jools Oliver wishes daughter Daisy a happy 14th birthday with sweet Instagram snap of her cradling baby River Mum of five Ashley James flashes sideboob and her peachy posterior in a skimpy white swimsuit in sizzling throwback snap   Body confidence queen Greg Rutherford and partner Susie Verrill announce they are expecting another little boy in July in sweet Instagram post with son Milo, 2 David Beckham enjoys some bonding time with daughter Harper as she plants a kiss on his cheek in adorable snap He spent last weekend bonding with his sons 'He's a bit seedy and a loner': Riz Ahmed's character is hailed as a 'terrific creation' as he stars alongside Billie Piper in 'intense' City Of Tiny Lights He shoots, he scores! Ansel Elgort takes high school sweetheart Violetta Komyshan on date to a hockey game... and wins a sweet kiss Just the two of us 'She wants it done and dusted': Mel B 'to offer Stephen Belafonte £5M and private island in divorce settlement... but only if he agrees to gagging order' 'Girls are better at investigating!' Freida Pinto hints she'd like to play a female 007... but says she'd only take Bond Girl role if she 'had a voice'  'I don't have a problem with it': Tom Hiddleston reveals he's confident and comfortable doing nude scenes He's left fans very hot under the collar Disturbing truth about Janet Jackson's marriage: How pop star's wedding to her Qatari husband was a mixing of two VERY different cultures  My children won't get their hands on my fortune, says Gordon Ramsay as he reveals they don't get to sit in first class with him or eat at his restaurants Michael McIntyre hobbles along in a support boot as he jets off on Easter holidays with wife Kitty and their sons Family time 'It's graphic torture threats': Chloe Madeley shares sizzling bikini-clad selfie... after revealing she's hired a private investigator amid stalker hell Pretty Little High-Flyers: Ashley Benson is pictured with handsome mystery man as they leave the iconic Chateau Marmont together  Game of Thrones couple Kit Harington and Rose Leslie put on an amorous display at the 2017 Olivier Awards... as the stunning actress flashes her Dior boxers Belle of the ball! Amanda Holden dazzles in Beauty and the Beast inspired backless ball gown at the 2017 Olivier Awards Britain's Got Talent judge Tearful Billie Piper thanks her children as she wins Best Actress while Harry Potter and the Cursed Child steals the show scooping NINE prizes at the Oliviers Have I Told You Lately That I Love You: Rod Stewart, 72, and Penny Lancaster, 46, look close as they hold hands on family outing in Bel Air EastEnders' £400,000-a-year bad boy Danny Dyer 'earns £100,000 MORE than any of his co-stars including soap icons Steve McFadden and June Brown' Tatt's another one! Brooklyn Beckham goes under the needle again... days after being accused of 'disrespect' over 'meaningless' Native American tattoo 'You will be in my heart forever': RHOM's Gina Liano posts touching tribute to late father Nick after he passes away at age 83 following battle with dementia  TOWIE's Danielle Armstrong flaunts her sensational figure in sizzling red swimsuit... days after shock brawl with Yazmin Oukhellou over ex James Lock Embattled Mel B stopped by police for minor traffic violation in Los Angeles amid scandal-ridden split with Stephen Belafonte In her Range Rover Victoria Beckham's sold out Target range is selling for FOUR times the price on eBay... as star issues an apology after customers complain  'It's a nightmare for his career': Harry Styles could miss out on number one spot for debut solo single due to Spotify 'streaming error' Bad luck, Harry Charlotte Crosby's boyfriend Stephen Bear reveals VERY racy way he keeps the romance alive when they're apart and says he wants to PROPOSE in this year Ex-TOWIE star Jessica Wright giggles her way through cosy dinner with male pal as she dazzles in chic floral gown Eating out with friends in London Nancy Dell'Olio appears in high spirits in jaw-dropping sheer gown as she leads the jubilant celebrations at the Olivier Awards after-party SPOILER ALERT: 'No more heartache!' Homeland fans take to Twitter to mourn the shocking death of beloved character during season finale Mum-of-two Myleene Klass shows off her superb bikini body in a skimpy black and white two piece as she splashes around in Sri Lanka Millie Mackintosh goes for boho summer chic as she enjoys a smooch with boyfriend Hugo Taylor on leisurely night out Leisurely evening out Lily Collins keeps it casual in an oversized denim jacket and baggy trousers as she runs errands An altogether more pared back look  Daddy off duty! Liam Payne, 23, leaves new mum Cheryl, 33, home with their baby as he plays basketball in the glorious sunshine Quiet time 'It's like he's never been gone!': Twitter goes wild for Eamonn Holmes as he reunites with Kate Garraway after 12 years and returns to ITV breakfast 'I saved her life when she had a seizure': 'Panicked' Zoe Hardman relives horrific moment she found four-month-old baby Luna convulsing in her cot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Your browser is blocking javascript. This might limit your experience on this website SUBSCRIBE FREE NEWSLETTER Breaking News on Food Safety & Quality Control News Food Outbreaks Industry news R&D Regulation and safety Lab Technology Views Views Promotional Features Site Archive April 2017 March 2017 Previous months Sectors Drinks Dairy Foods Fresh produce Meat, fish and poultry Bakery Confectionery Ready-to-Eat Big Brands Brands Cargill ConAgra Foods Danone Fonterra Nestlé Tyson Suppliers 3M AB SCIEX AGILENT Technologies Bruker Ecolab Eurofins METTLER TOLEDO DuPont SGS Thermo Fisher Scientific WATERS Trends Rapid analysis HACCP Shelf life Food fraud Cleaning and hygiene Track and trace FSMA Nanotechnology Automation Multimedia Videos Audios Galleries Live Events Technologies Audit and Certification Data management Lab instruments and equipment Resources All Products Supplier Webinars Videos & Audio Technical Papers Product Brochures Suppliers Events Shows & Conferences Archive Jobs Food Jobs - Europe Food Jobs - USA Food Jobs - UK News > Regulation and safety Read more breaking news     Text size Print Forward Subscribe to our FREE newsletter SUBSCRIBE News in brief Dead bat in packaged Fresh Express salad sold at Walmart Post a comment By Joe Whitworth+Joseph James Whitworth 10-Apr-20172017-04-10T00:00:00Z Picture: ©iStock Related tags: Organic Marketside Spring Mix, Field material, Extraneous animal matter, Production run, Visual inspections, Filtration systems, Fresh Express, Walmart, Salad, Bat, CDC, FDA, Rabies, Virus, Recall, Washing, Growing, Harvesting Fresh Express has recalled salad sold at Walmart after a dead bat was found in a package. Two people in Florida ate some of the salad before the bat was found. The bat was sent to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) rabies lab for testing but its deteriorated condition meant the agency could not definitively rule out whether it had the disease. Transmission of rabies by eating a rabid animal is extremely uncommon and the virus does not survive long outside of the infected animal. “In this circumstance, the risk of rabies transmission is considered to be very low, but because it isn’t zero, the two people who ate salad from the package that contained the bat were recommended to begin post-exposure rabies treatment,” said the CDC. “Both people report being in good health and neither has any signs of rabies. CDC is not aware of any other reports of bat material found in packaged salads. People who have eaten the recalled salad product and did not find animal material are not at risk and do not need to contact their health department.” CDC recommended that anyone who ate the recalled salad and found animal material contact their health department for evaluation. The affected item is 5 oz. Organic Marketside Spring Mix in a clear container with production code G089B19 and best-if-used-by date of APR 14, 2017 on the front label and UPC code 6 8113132897 5 on the bottom. Recalled salads were distributed to Walmart stores in the Southeastern region of the US. Fresh Express said it was notified that ‘extraneous animal matter’ was allegedly found in a single container and recalled all salads manufactured in the same production run. No other Marketside salads are affected and Fresh Express salads are not subject to recall.  Walmart has removed the product from store shelves. Fresh Express said it complies with food safety regulations including Good Agricultural Practices.  “In addition, a range of stringent controls are in place during growing and harvesting to mitigate against field material from entering the raw product system.  “In manufacturing, additional controls including thorough washing and filtration systems as well as visual inspections are designed to eliminate unwanted debris.” This content is copyright protected However, if you would like to share the information in this article, you may use the headline, summary and link below: Dead bat in packaged Fresh Express salad sold at Walmart By Joe Whitworth+Joseph James Whitworth, 10-Apr-2017 Fresh Express has recalled salad sold at Walmart after a dead bat was found in a package. http://www.foodqualitynews.com/Regulation-and-safety/CDC-rabies-lab-tests-salad-which-contained-bat Copyright - Unless otherwise stated all contents of this web site are © 2017 - William Reed Business Media SAS - All Rights Reserved - Full details for the use of materials on this site can be found in the Terms & Conditions Related news: Porcupine, bats and caterpillar found in freezers Salmonella positive prompts Dole salad recall Salad contaminated with Listeria sickens 33 Temperature abuse findings for pathogens in salad More sickened from Tripod Farmers salad Beetle concerns in pre-packaged salads E.coli sickens 40 people with link to salad RELATED TOPICS: HACCP, Regulation and safety, Fresh produce Subscribe to our FREE newsletter Get FREE access to authoritative breaking news, videos, podcasts, webinars and white papers. SUBSCRIBE Post a comment Comment title * Your comment * Your name * Your email * We will not publish your email on the site I agree to Terms and Conditions These comments have not been moderated. You are encouraged to participate with comments that are relevant to our news stories. You should not post comments that are abusive, threatening, defamatory, misleading or invasive of privacy. For the full terms and conditions for commenting see clause 7 of our Terms and Conditions ‘Participating in Online Communities’. These terms may be updated from time to time, so please read them before posting a comment. Any comment that violates these terms may be removed in its entirety as we do not edit comments. If you wish to complain about a comment please use the "REPORT ABUSE" button or contact the editors. Most Popular News 1Recalls: Metal, glass and undeclared allergens 2Recalls: Listeria, allergens and GMOs 3Novel Salmonella strain sickens 40 in four countries 4Smucker Foods linked to E. coli O121 outbreak 5Coca-Cola investigating ‘human waste’ claims Key Industry Events   Access all events listing Our events, Shows & Conferences... On demand Supplier Webinars Global Meat News Food Safety Forum: Powerful Packaging William Reed Business Media Revised ISO food microbiology standards for detection of Listeria, Enterobacteriaceae and Cronobacter Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany All supplier webinars Today's Headlines Industry searching for energy-saving and safe air decontamination - Potok Blockchain can transform traceability - Bureau Veritas Dutch project scaling up multi-analyte methods Consumer group ‘concerned’ about direction of food safety reforms Dead bat in packaged Fresh Express salad sold at Walmart Weekly / Daily Free Newsletter FoodNavigator.com Food & Beverage Development - Europe FoodNavigator-USA.com Food & Beverage Development - North America FoodNavigator-Asia.com Food, Beverage & Supplement Development - Asia Pacific NutraIngredients.com Supplements & Nutrition - Europe NutraIngredients-USA.com Supplements & Nutrition - North America NutraIngredients-Asia.com Supplements & Nutrition - Asia Pacific FoodQualityNews.com Food Safety & Quality Control DairyReporter.com Dairy Processing & Markets BeverageDaily.com Beverage Technology & Markets ConfectioneryNews.com Confectionery & Biscuit Processing BakeryAndSnacks.com Industrial Baking & Snacks GlobalMeatNews.com Global Meat Trading and Processing FoodManufacture.co.uk The Information Resource for Food and Drink Processing FeedNavigator.com Global Animal Feed Industry Other Newsletters Science & Nutrition Research Food legislation Food Finance Innovations in Food Ingredients Innovations in Food Processing and Packaging Innovations in Food Safety & Instrumentation Free Supplements BeverageDaily Beer Supplement Beer Technology & Marketing Ingredients Ingredients FoodNavigator Middle East Supplement Food & Beverage Development and Processing - Middle East   Free e-mail alerts Plant Safety & Equipment Product - Kaliop Testing Lab Technology Subscribe to our FREE newsletterSUBSCRIBE Related Sites from our Team Industrial Baking & Snacks  |  Beverage Technology & Markets  |  Confectionery & Biscuit Processing  |  Dairy Processing & Markets  |  Food & Beverage Development - Europe  |  Food & Beverage Development - North America  |  Supplements, Health & Nutrition - Europe  |  Supplements, Health & Nutrition - North America  |  Inside food & drink manufacturing  |  Food & Beverage Development and Technology - Asia Pacific  |  Global Meat Trading and Processing  |  Supplements, Health & Nutrition - Asia Pacific About us | Editorial Calendar | Site map | All sites | Recommend this Site | Advertise | Contact the Editor | Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookie Policy
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News World Americas Dead bat found in Walmart bagged salad prompts rabies investigation Customers had already eaten a bit of the salad before spotting the carcass Rachael Revesz @RachaelRevesz Monday 10 April 2017 15:39 BST Click to follow The Independent US The transmission of rabies from animals is 'extremely uncommon', say authorities Getty Images/iStockphoto Walmart stores in Florida have prompted a regional recall after a dead bat was found inside a bag of salad. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Florida Department of Health and the US Food and Drug Administration are investigating after two customers found the dead animal after eating some of the Organic Marketside Spring Mix.  They alerted authorities, who sent the bat to a CDC lab to be tested for rabies. Although CDC said transmission of rabies is “extremely uncommon”, it has warned customers not to eat salads from bags.  Read more Toyota recalls 3 million cars after exploding airbags linked to deaths It added that “the deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitely rule out whether this bat had rabies.“ Neither of the customers from southeastern Florida showed any sign of rabies and were both in good health, said the CDC. No other dead bats have been reported. Fresh Express has issued a limited recall for salad products sold in a clear container which have a best-used date of 14 April. Where not to visit if you love animals 9 show all Where not to visit if you love animals 1/9 Monkey shows Chimpanzees are forced to perform demeaning tricks on leashes and are often subject to cruel training techniques. Animals who are confined to small, barren enclosures and forced to perform unsurprisingly show symptoms of stress and depression. Chimpanzees have been documented rocking back and forth, sucking their lips, salivating and swaying against enclosure perimeters in distress. Getty Images 2/9 Swimming with dolphins Some marine parks use bottlenose dolphins in performances and offer visitors the opportunity to swim with dolphins. Unfortunately, people are often unaware that these animals are captured in the wild and torn from their families or traded between different parks around the world. Getty Images 3/9 Tiger shows Tigers are forced to live in an unnatural and barren environment and have to endure interactions with a constant stream of tourists. Since tigers never lose their wild instincts, across the world they are reportedly drugged, mutilated and restrained in order to make them “safe” for the public. However, every year, incidents of tiger maulings are reported at this type of tourist attraction. Getty Images 4/9 Donkey rides Sunning on the beach is great for humans – we can take a quick dip or catch a bite to eat when we get too hot or hungry. But it's pure hell for donkeys who are confined to the beach and forced to cart children around on the hot sand. Some donkey-ride operators at beach resorts in the UK even keep the animals chained together at all times. Getty Images 5/9 Marine parks Some parks confine orcas to concrete tanks and force them to perform meaningless tricks for food - many die in captivity. Orcas are highly intelligent and social mammals who may suffer immensely, both physically and mentally, when they're held in captivity. Getty Images 6/9 Canned hunting Lions are confined to fenced areas so that they can easily be cornered, with no chance of escape. Most of them will have been bred in captivity and then taken from their mothers to be hand-reared by the cub-petting industry. When they get too big, they may be drugged before they are released into a "hunting" enclosure. Because these animals are usually kept in fenced enclosures (ranging in size from just a few square yards to thousands of acres), they never stand a chance of surviving. Getty Images 7/9 Running of the Bulls Every year, tourists travel to Pamplona for the Running of the Bulls. The bulls who are forced to slip and slide down the town's narrow cobblestone streets are chased straight into the bullring. They are then taunted, stabbed repeatedly and finally killed by the matador in front of a jeering crowd. The majority of Spaniards reject bullfighting, but tourists are keeping the cruel industry on its last legs. Getty Images 8/9 Horse-drawn carriages City streets are no place for horses. The animals toil in all weather extremes, suffering from respiratory distress from breathing in exhaust fumes as well as numerous hoof, leg and back problems from walking on pavement all day long. As easily spooked prey animals, horses subjected to the loud noises and unexpected sounds of city streets are likely to be involved in accidents, even deadly ones. Getty Images 9/9 Zoos The zoo community regards the animals it keeps as commodities, and animals are regularly bought, sold, borrowed and traded without any regard for established relationships. Zoos breed animals because the presence of babies draws visitors and boosts revenue, yet often, there's nowhere to put the offspring as they grow, and they are killed, as we recently saw with Marius the giraffe in Denmark. Some zoos have introduced evening events with loud music and alcohol which disrupt the incarcerated animals even further. EPA “Consumers who may have already purchased the recalled product should discard and not consume it,” the CDC said. Read more Primark recalls children's novelty cat leggings over choking hazard Tesco and Lindt recall chicken meals and Easter eggs Daimler to recall 75,000 Mercedes-Benz cars in the UK due to fire risk It added that anyone who had eaten the salad and not found “animal material” were not at risk, but they could contact the company for a full refund. In a statement, Fresh Express said it “takes matters of food safety very seriously and rigorously complies with all food safety regulation”. The CDC added an advisory for customers: “Anyone who ate the recalled salad product and found animal material in it [should] contact their health department for evaluation.” More about: CDC Food And Drug Administration BAT Salads product recall Rabies Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics STRP NVDA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Activist takes 9% stake in Whole Foods, wants WFM to explore a sale >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock Should Have You Salivating WMT stock is scoring a breakout. Traders shouldn't waste this opportunity. By Serge Berger, Head Trader & Strategist, The Steady Trader  |  Apr 10, 2017, 8:21 am EDT Get AMZN alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Buy Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Stock Once You See This Signal Take Profits on Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Now Should You Short the PowerShares QQQ Trust (QQQ)? Recent Posts: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock Should Have You Salivating Take Profits on Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Now Should You Short the PowerShares QQQ Trust (QQQ)? View All Posts Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) on Friday, April 7, rose a little more than 2% on the day. More importantly, WMT stock scored a marginal technical breakout in the short-term. While many market participants remain skeptical of Walmart’s ability to break higher from here, the charts have been more constructive than they have for a long time. When I hold my twice-weekly calls with my inner circle of hedge funds and institutional investors, the topic of WMT stock versus Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) comes up at least half of the time. The posturing of many of these investors remains clearly in favor of AMZN stock given the behemoth’s amazing track record of taking over the lead in many areas of retail and beyond. While I certainly believe in Amazon’s ability to continue to innovate and grow, and while I believe in Amazon shares long-term, Walmart is doing a few good things of its own. It’s not only improving its physical stores, but meaningfully expanding its online platform. When I last discussed WMT shares on Feb. 27, I said the stock could be a pleasant surprise for 2017. Specifically, I near-term pointed to the $72.50 level and said if and when it could be overcome on a daily closing basis, a next upside target in the mid-$70s would open up, followed by the high $70s or low $80s as next possible upside targets. Until last Friday, Walmart hadn’t been able to overcome $72.50 on a daily basis. Now, it’s time to update this trade idea. WMT Stock Charts On the multiyear weekly chart, we see that ever since breaking below its red 200-week simple moving average in the summer of 2015, Walmart has respected it as technical resistance. Click to Enlarge Note that this area around the $72-$73 levels also allows us to draw a simple line of horizontal resistance. If and when this area can be overcome on a weekly closing basis, it may turn into technical support. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stock-should-have-you-salivating/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy Tesla Stock Hype Hits Fever Pitch 3 High-Profit Stocks to Buy on Consumer Confidence  3 Stocks That Will Benefit From Good Relations With China 3 of the Best Trade Setups on the Street iPhone 8 May Be Delayed Until ... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy 3 Stocks That Will Benefit From Good Relations With China 3 High-Profit Stocks to Buy on Consumer Confidence  3 Contrarian Solar Stocks to Buy at the Bottom 3 of the Best Trade Setups on the Street Most Popular 3 Stocks About to Get Rocket Boosters from Short Sellers The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for 2017: Still the Best? The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About 10 Under-the-Radar Stocks to Buy Now for Explosive Upside 7 Tech Stocks That Will Crush the Market for Years The 5 Best Stocks to Buy for April Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
GULF DIGITAL NEWS Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia UAE Middle East GDN Online App available on App Store / Play Store 11 April 2017 ARCHIVES  |  SEARCH  |  POST ADS  |  ADVERTISE  |  SUBSCRIBE  |  LOGIN  |  CONTACT US NEWS Bahrain Middle East World BUSINESS Bahrain Middle East World SPORTS Football Cricket F1 Other Sports ENTERTAINMENT Hollywood Bollywood TV Celebs Reviews Leisure Scene Cinema TECH TALK HEALTH MOTORING OMG! OPINION Letters Comment ePAPER CLASSIFIEDS Dead bat found inside Walmart salad! OMG GDN Online Desk A dead bat found inside a bagged salad sold at a Florida Walmart has prompted a regional recall and an investigation by the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), which has warned Americans not to eat salad from such packages reported The Guardian. Two people discovered the bat after they had already eaten some of the salad in a bag of “Organic Marketside Spring Mix”. They alerted authorities, who sent the bat to a CDC rabies lab. The animal’s decayed state prevented a definitive test of whether it had rabies. Transmission by eating an infected animal is “extremely uncommon”, the CDC said in a statement, but the two people were recommended for treatment out of an abundance of caution. Neither Floridian showed any signs of rabies and both reported good health, the CDC said, adding that there have been no other “reports of bat material found in packaged salads”. Experts with the Florida department of health, the federal Food and Drug Administration and the CDC are all involved in an investigation into how the dead bat came to be packaged with the salad. Fresh Express, the food company whose product contained the bat, issued a limited recall for salads sold in a clear container, with a best-used date of 14 April and the production code G089B19. The recalled salads were only sold at Walmart stores in the south-eastern US, and the CDC said that all the remaining salad packages from the relevant lot had been removed from store locations. “Consumers who may have already purchased the recalled product should discard and not consume it,” the CDC said. The agency said people who had eaten the salad and not found “animal material” were not at risk, and that customers could contact Fresh Express for a full refund. In a statement, Fresh Express said it “takes matters of food safety very seriously and rigorously complies with all food safety regulation”. The CDC added a general recommendation: “Anyone who ate the recalled salad product and found animal material in it [should] contact their health department for evaluation.” More OMG 65 kilogrammes, 4.5 metre python captured by Florida snake hunters Billionaire Warren Buffet becomes face of Coke in China Gene sleuths open line of attack on coral-killing starfish Girl found living with monkeys in Indian forest Lucky to be alive: Owl stuck between truck cab and trailer on the mend Man allegedly 'divorces' wife through newspaper advertisement Man chokes to death while trying to eat doughnut in shop's eating challenge Murder suspect raises unprecedented $35 million bail via friends Picture 'Purr'fect: This cat from Thailand has more Instagram followers than you! 'Pink Star' diamond auctioned for record $71.2 million in Hong Kong NEWS BAHRAIN MIDDLE EAST WORLD BUSINESS BAHRAIN MIDDLE EAST INTERNATIONAL SPORTS FOOTBALL CRICKET F1 OTHER SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT HOLLYWOOD BOLLYWOOD TV CELEBS REVIEWS LEISURE SCENE CINEMA TECH TALK HEALTH MOTORING OMG OPINION LETTERS COMMENT ePAPER CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISE TERMS OF USE READERS POLICIES PRIVACY POLICY ABOUT US CONTACT US GULF DAILY NEWS P.O.Box 5300, Manama, Kingdom of Bahrain NEWSROOM Phone: +973 17 620 222 Fax: +973 17 622 141 Email: gdnnews@gdn.com.bh ADVERTISING Phone: 973 17 293 131 Fax: +973 17 293 400 Email: alison.lillywhite@tradearabia.net CLASSIFIEDS Phone: +973 17 299 110 Email: classifieds@tradearabia.net SUBSCRIPTION Phone: +973 17 290 000 Email: gdnhd@tradearabia.net ©Copyright 2017 gdnonline.com - Kingdom of Bahrain. Website / App designed & developed by North Star Technologies.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Fresh Express Recalling Salad Mix Sold At Walmart After 2 People Find Dead Bat In Their Food Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Fresh Express Recalling Salad Mix Sold At Walmart After 2 People Find Dead Bat In Their Food April 10, 2017 9:39 am EDT By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk CDC centers for disease control fda Food & Drug Administration food safety free bat Fresh Express recalls salad walmart If you were about to eat something, you may want to put it down for just a second. Now pick it up and take a closer look at it: Any dead animals that shouldn’t be there? No? You’re luckier than two people in Florida who found a dead bat in the packaged salad they were in the process of consuming. Fresh Express is recalling a salad mix sold at Walmart stores in the Southeastern U.S. after a report of “extraneous animal matter” that was allegedly found in a single container of the salad, some of which they’d already eaten when they found the bat. “Out of an abundance of caution, all salads manufactured in the same production run are being recalled,” says the Food & Drug Administration. The item subject to the recall is 5 oz. Organic Marketside Spring Mix which comes in a clear container with production code G089B19 and best-if-used-by date of APR 14, 2017 located on the front label. Look for UPC code 6 8113132897 5 located on the bottom of the container. The product was only sold at Walmart stores in the southeast. Experts from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are also helping the Florida Department of Health and the FDA to investigate the dead bat situation. The bat was sent to the CDC rabies lab for laboratory testing, but — hold onto your stomachs, folks — the “deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies.” The CDC adds that it’s extremely uncommon to get rabies by eating a rabid animal, and that the virus doesn’t live long outside infected animals, so there’s some good news. Although the risk of rabies transmission is very low in this situation, the CDC says it recommended the two people who ate the salad from the bat’s package begin post-exposure rabies treatment. “Both people report being in good health and neither has any signs of rabies,” the CDC says. “CDC is not aware of any other reports of bat material found in packaged salads.” Walmart acted quickly to remove the product from shelves, but anyone who’s already purchased the recalled product should discard and not consume it. You can get a full refund at the place of purchase or by calling the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center toll-free at (800) 242-5472 during the hours of 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Eastern Time. April 10, 2017 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk CDC centers for disease control fda Food & Drug Administration food safety free bat Fresh Express recalls salad walmart Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related Not Fixing The Problem North Carolina Food Firm Shuts Down Two Weeks After Major Recall For Listeria Contamination contaminated onions Reser’s Recalls Salads For Possible Listeria, Also Sold Under Walmart And Safeway Brands free mice Bag Of Fresh Spinach Includes Free Dead Mouse Getting To The Bottom Of It Massive Frozen Vegetable Recall Linked To 2 Deaths, 8 Illnesses dangerous snacks You Probably Just Shouldn’t Eat Anything With Sunflower Seeds In It For A While Previous Wells Fargo Takes Back Another $75M From Former CEO & Exec Blamed For Fake Accounts Next The Retail Sector Lost 30,000 Jobs Last Month Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: The Retail Sector Lost 30,000 Jobs Last Month Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Canada Goose Somehow Pulls Off A Functional Brand With Luxury Appeal Jim Swanson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 10, 2017 9:31am   Comments Share: Related How Does Canada Goose Compare To '80s Fashion Stalwart Triple F.A.T. Goose? The Market In 5 Minutes Wal-Mart Gains As Stocks Sway; Domino's Burnt; Cirrus Breaks Out (Investor's Business Daily) Canada Goose Holdings Inc. Subordinate Voting Shares (NYSE: GOOS) “has created a unique brand in our coverage universe: a functional brand that appeals to a luxury consumer,” Credit Suisse’s Christian Buss said in a note, while initiating coverage of the company with an Outperform rating and price target of C$26. Strong Positioning The analyst believes Canada Goose’s positioning could help the company sustain revenue growth in the high-teens to the low-20s percent with EPS growth in the low- to mid-20s percent over the next five years. “Canada Goose has been able to combine the strengths of the outdoor industry (long product lifecycles, loyal customers) with those of the luxury industry (broad demographic appeal, high price points),” Buss mentioned. The analyst believes this should help drive high teens growth in the underpenetrated geographies, while offsetting the volatility associated with fashion-related products. E-Commerce Focus Buss noted that the company was dealing with global growth with an “e-commerce-first” strategy, growing the e-commerce business to 20 percent of total sales over the last 24 months. On the other hand, Canada Goose intends to limit store expansion, targeting 30–50 stores worldwide. The analyst expects the company’s direct-to-customer figures to continue to grow to 53 percent of sales over the next five years, at which time e-commerce is likely to be close to 30 percent of sales. “We see significant opportunity for margin expansion, with our target for 400bp of EBITDA margin expansion to 23.5 percent of sales,” Buss went on to say. The analyst believes that this would be driven by a mix shift to higher-margin e-commerce, as well as manufacturing in-sourcing. Related Links: How Does Canada Goose Compare To '80s Fashion Stalwart Triple F.A.T. Goose? PETA Buys Canada Goose Stock, Plans To Push For An End To Use Of Real Fur Latest Ratings for GOOS Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Credit Suisse Initiates Coverage On Outperform Apr 2017 BMO Capital Initiates Coverage On Outperform Apr 2017 Nomura Initiates Coverage On Neutral View More Analyst Ratings for GOOS View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Christian Buss Credit SuisseAnalyst Color Long Ideas Initiation Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (GOOS) How Does Canada Goose Compare To '80s Fashion Stalwart Triple F.A.T. Goose? The Market In 5 Minutes PETA Buys Canada Goose Stock, Plans To Push For An End To Use Of Real Fur View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on GOOS Trending Recent 1 NFLX, KHC: Benzinga's Top Picks Of The Week: Disney, Netflix, BlackBerry And More 2 AAPL, FB: Gene Munster And His Crazy Crystal Ball 3 GKOS, GLD: Barron's Picks And Pans: Gold, Energy, Dividends... 4 BABA: 'Downtown' Josh Brown On Alibaba: U.S. I... 5 SLP, JUNO: 6 Stocks To Watch For April 10, 2017 6 LULU, PG: 10 Retailers Poised To Perform In... 7 TCO, GM: MadDog Technology, A Finte... 1 USO, UWTI: Analyst: So Long, Cheap(er) Gas Prices 2 CXW, GEO: ICE Prison Bed Shortage Could Be A Private Prison Catalyst 3 RUSL, PDCO: 16 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 4 OKTA, SNAP: Following Okta's Strong Friday Debut,... 5 FB, NWSA: A Bitcoin For His Thoughts: Ed Skol... 6 AMAG, XCO: A Peek Into The Markets: U... 7 AAPL, GOOGL: How Walt Mossbe... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Oh No, Oreo! WSJ Reporting Mondelez Could Oust CEO Rosenfeld
Tue, Apr 11, 2017 Keyword           News Local News from NewsRadio WGNS CBS National News CBS News MoneyWatch CBS World News Headlines CBS Tech - Science News CBS Entertainment News CBS Health News Obituaries WGNS History Weather Sports MTSU Sports Blue Raider Insider Report with Chip Walters Salutes Good Neighbor of the Day Educator of the Month Demos' Emergency Responder of the Week St. Thomas Heart for Healing Toot's Salutes Local Volunteers Schedule Event Calendar Swap N' Shop WGNS Advertising WGNS History Past Christmas Parades Contact Listen Live Local Info Obituaries (Listen Now) WGNS History Christmas Parade Pictures Support Local Art Churches Local Officials Links On Demand Action Line Truman Show Rutherford Issues Financial Coaching Radio All Sports Talk High School Games MTSU Games High School Coaches Show MTSU Coaches Shows Rutherford Home Show The PI Program with Ed Raymer ArmChair Quarterback Show Uptown Talk with Thom Christy Salad Mix Recall After Dead Bat Found Published: April 10, 2017   Email   Print Walmart stores are recalling prepackaged salad mix after a dead bat was found inside a bag sold at a Florida store. Fresh Express announced a recall for the salad mix, which was also sold in stores across the Southeast. The 5 ounce packages of Organic Marketside Spring Mix with a best buy date of April 14th can be returned to the store for a full refund. The mix is in a clear container with a product code of G089B19. Fresh Express says anyone who has purchased the recalled product should discard and not consume it. Click here for more information. Related Articles TDEC Providing More Options for Unwanted Household Pharmaceuticals Good Friday Tornado 8-Year Anniversary Report of EBT Fraud in the 'Boro Candlelight Vigil for Missing Teen Devin Bond Shots Fired on Olympid Place MCS expands Gifted Education Program with Gifted Academy COMMENTARY: New Ideas State Farm™ Says Dog Bite Claims Increased 15 Percent over the Past Year Fraud: Local Man Had Card Taken Out in His Name Obituaries (Listen online) Read more from: News Tags: Murfreesboro news, NewsRadio WGNS, recall, salad recall, Walmart        Email   Print WGNS Weather Eye Forecast Murfreesboro, TN weather ADVERTISEMENT Tweets by @WGNSRadio ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Rutherford County News Since 1947 eNews and Updates Have Local News Delivered To Your Inbox Subscribe to our RSS Feed Prep Baseball & Softball Coverage Friday, March 17, 2017 9:29 pm Thursday, April 13 Stewarts Creek at Siegel Baseball 5:50pm airtime Tuesday, April 18 Riverdale at Oakland Baseball 5:50pm airtime Thursday, April 20 Blackman at Oakland Softball 6:20pm airtime   On Air News Register Now Login Search Your Opinion Administration Copyright Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Service Sales Links Contact Us    WGNS Radio - Serving Murfreesboro and Rutherford County, TN Since 1947 Copyright © 2013 by Murfreesboro News and Radio Powered by Bondware News Publishing Software The browser you are using is outdated! You may not be getting all you can out of your browsing experience and may be open to security risks! Consider upgrading to the latest version of your browser or choose on below: Mozilla Firefox Google Chrome Ok X Log In to Murfreesboro News and Radio Welcome to the site. Please login. Username/Email: Password: Login Not a Member? Click here to register! Forgot your username or password? Click Here
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home CNY's Job Hunt Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports High School Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors NY Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu High School Home Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Boys Hockey Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Wrestling Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Boys Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Ice Hockey Field Hockey Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Girls Tennis Competitive Cheer Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Gymnastics Girls Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Subscribe to our YouTube channel Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales comments Recall issued after dead bat found in salad at Walmart Salad recall Fresh Express has issued a recall of its Organic Spring Mix Salad sold at Walmart stores in the southeastern U.S. after a bat was found inside a package in Florida. (Walmart.com) Print Email Geoff Herbert | gherbert@syracuse.com By Geoff Herbert | gherbert@syracuse.com The Post-Standard Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 10, 2017 at 8:24 AM, updated April 10, 2017 at 8:51 AM comments What would you do if you found a dead bat in your salad?  That's the question two Walmart customers had to answer when they found the remains of Batman's inspiration, spoiling their meal. Fresh Express has issued a recall after some "extraneous animal matter" was found inside a single five-ounce container of Marketside Organic Marketside Spring Mix, sold at a Wal-Mart store in Florida. The CDC elaborated, confirming that a decomposed bat was mixed in with the bagged vegetables. "Two people in Florida reported eating some of the salad before the bat was found," the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention added. The "deteriorated" bat was turned over to the federal government, according to the Washington Post, but the CDC could not definitively rule out the existence of rabies. However, the agency said it was unlikely the customers had come in contact with a live rabies virus. Both people who ate the salad reported being in good health and showed no signs of rabies, though the CDC still recommended treatment for the disease. Fresh Express has recalled the batch of salads that were shipped exclusively to Walmarts in the southeastern U.S. It only affects the Organic Marketside Spring Mix with a production code of G089B19 and a best-if-used-by date of April 14. Wal-Mart said it removed the salad mix from its shelves and is offering a full refund to anyone who bought one.  "Fresh Express takes matters of food safety very seriously and rigorously complies with all food safety regulations including the proscribed Good Agricultural Practices," the Chiquita-owned company said in a statement. "Immediately upon notification of the event, Fresh Express food safety and rapid response teams worked in close coordination with Walmart and regulatory authorities to launch an intensive investigation." Fresh Express said no other instances of bat remains were found and there are no immediate health concerns. "Based on all available evidence, we are confident this is an isolated incident," the company added. More Business Topics Company News: Hirings & promotions Business certificates, bankruptcies & more Homes: Real estate news, transactions & homes for sale Sign up for the Store Front newsletter Our reporters bring you the latest retail news from around Syracuse and Central New York. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for subscribing to Store Front! The Store Front newsletter is delivered each week on Wednesday. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Active Discussions Most Read About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Advance Media New York Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Submit letter, commentary Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Media New York. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Media New York. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land YouTube Uproar IAS' CMO says: 'Not sure this is going away this time' U Qualify? Amazon's Influencer Program aims at social media bigwigs Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Retail Opinions expressed in this article are those of the sponsor. Watch this retail space: 2017 retail prediction Google fights back against Amazon’s e-commerce dominance Sponsored Content: Criteo on April 10, 2017 at 7:30 am More Google has dominated consumer search for nearly 20 years. While this dominance continues today, there is one area of search where it is losing share rapidly: retail product search. Historically, it’s been one of Google’s biggest moneymakers, with retail search accounting for at least 25 percent of total search revenues. A recent study by BloomReach indicates that 55 percent of consumers make their first product search on Amazon, more than double the rate for search engines. This is a staggering statistic and means that Amazon is more often than not the first place where shoppers go when they have a product in mind. Amazon has the opportunity to influence shopper behavior more than any other company, a position once held firmly by Google. Billions of dollars are at stake here. While Google does not benefit from actually selling and fulfilling products, it has some significant assets and advantages that would allow it to compete better in retail search. All of these start with Google’s Shopping property, which has been a huge financial success over the past few years. Here are some thoughts on how it might better leverage its strengths and real estate to fight back against Amazon in product search. Exploiting its massive inventory selection Google receives feeds from hundreds of thousands of advertisers every day with unique SKUs counting into the billions. That is significantly more SKUs than Amazon hosts on its site; Google, in aggregate, has a better selection of inventory than Amazon. However, Google is currently less explicit on results pages about which items are currently in stock. This could be due to lack of accurate data from retail partners or a design challenge with the site overall. Either way, people often cite “Amazon has everything” as a reason for shopping there. This is not necessarily true, and Google needs to exploit this inventory advantage. Pricing Due to its inventory advantages and now standardized feed format across retailers and manufacturers, Google knows more about pricing across the internet than Amazon does. Google must do more with this information than it does currently. It must help consumers navigate to the most attractive offer for a given product, weighing product price, shipping fees and shipping date. By clearly highlighting the best offer (as opposed to relying solely on AdRank to drive ranking of products), Google will become more to consumers than just a start point for product search. It will become a trusted source for where to get the best deals online. And that kind of relationship with consumers can definitely help turn the tide against Amazon. Shipping Marc Lore, who now leads Walmart’s e-commerce business, recently said that two-day free shipping is now “table stakes” in the space. Amazon has put significant pressure on retailers like Walmart to adopt equivalent shipping policies to that of its Prime membership. While that puts cost and operational pressure on retailers, it gives Google the opportunity to place more significant weight on its retailers’ shipping policies in its Shopping algorithm. If two-day free shipping (or better) starts to become the industry standard, there is no company better than Google to highlight those retailers that are going above and beyond in terms of meeting this emerging customer need. Machine learning It has become increasingly clear that Google is the dominant player globally in machine learning technology. The release of TensorFlow, the acquisition of DeepMind and the success of AlphaGo in the past year or two only further reinforces this notion. It would only makes sense for Google to begin helping shoppers select and purchase merchandise very efficiently. We have some early signals that Google is going this direction with 1) the introduction of “vsually similar products” that help shoppers easily navigate like products available across e-commerce sites, and 2) Showcase Ads that allow certain shoppers to view and navigate a selection of a brand’s products instead of just one based on the query they execute. While these are only small steps towards a fully machine-facilitated shopping experience on Google, machine learning is an area where Google has the resources and know-how to leapfrog the competition and do something very compelling. Local inventory Google has made a huge push over the last couple of years to acquire and integrate retailers’ local inventory into its index, enabling it to offer consumers a glimpse of which products are available nearest to their physical location. This is important information, especially on mobile, and it is a capability that Amazon cannot hope to match until it builds out either its own retail network of stores or can offer shipping in under a day on most of its products. The key for Google is to figure out where and when to display local results to a searcher. This is a difficult task and will likely involve quite a bit of machine learning to get right. Amazon still needs to play Even though 55 percent of product searches may start on Amazon, there is still a huge number of product searches taking place on other online properties, the lion’s share on Google itself. As the dominant global e-commerce player, Amazon has recently decided that it could not continue to expand market share without having its products on the world’s largest search engine. While this is not welcome news for retailers who compete against Amazon, it is excellent news for Google. First, from a monetization perspective, Amazon’s participation in Google Shopping increases the RPM for every product search it competes on. Second, this gives Google a lot of data that it didn’t have previously on Amazon’s strategy in each of the markets it plays in. Synthesis Amazon has become a growing existential threat in the retail space. This doesn’t just apply to retailers but to media and technology players that facilitate transactions in the space — even Google. However, there are many assets in the retail value chain that Amazon has not perfected (or even addressed) at this point. Google has the financial incentive and the core assets to fight back against Amazon in retail. We expect that shoppers worldwide will begin to see many of these recent investments become real as they shop for products online using Google. About The Author Sponsored Content: Criteo Criteo (NASDAQ: CRTO) delivers personalized performance marketing at an extensive scale. Measuring return on post-click sales, Criteo makes ROI transparent and easy to measure. Criteo has over 2,500 employees in more than 30 offices across the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific, serving over 14,000 advertisers worldwide and with direct relationships with thousands of publishers. For more information, please visit www.criteo.com. Criteo’s Predictive Search solution offers an automated, end-to-end solution, based on powerful machine-learning, that eliminates guesswork and systematically improves results from Google Shopping using precise, predictive optimization across every aspect of the campaign. AmazonChannel: RetailE-CommerceGoogleGoogle: SearchGoogle: ShoppingMachine Learning & Artificial IntelligenceSearch MarketingSponsored Content Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Style Beauty Love Video #ThatsHarassment Subscribe Give a Gift Digital Editions Follow Celebrities & Entertainment Back Celebrities & Entertainment Celeb News Celebs TV Movies Books Music Beauty & Style Back Beauty & Style Beauty & Style News Beauty Advice Beauty How Tos Style Style How Tos Cosmo Beauty Closet Politics College Career Health & Fitness Back Health & Fitness Health & Fitness How Tos Food & Cocktails Sex & Relationships Back Sex & Relationships Sex News Cosmo Confessions Sex Positions Sex Tips Guys Weddings Bedroom Blog Parenting Cosmo For Latinas Horoscopes Lenny Letter All News All Videos Subscribe Back Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Newsletter Follow Back Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Youtube Tumblr Promotions Win Type keyword(s) to search These Floridians Found a Dead Bat in Their Bag of Pre-Packaged Salad NOPE. Getty By Gina Mei Apr 10, 2017 Halloween has arrived early this year in the most horrifying way possible. According to The Guardian, two Floridians discovered a dead bat inside a bag of pre-packaged salad they bought at a local Walmart this week — but only after they'd already eaten some of the salad. The pair immediately contacted the authorities after discovering the dead bat, prompting the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to launch an investigation. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below The Guardian goes on to report that the bat was then sent to a CDC rabies lab, but could not be given a definitive test due to its "decayed state." As a precaution, the pair have been recommended for treatment, despite it being "extremely uncommon" for someone to contract rabies from eating an infected animal. "Both people report being in good health and neither has any signs of rabies," the CDC said in a statement. USA Today reports that the salad in question is the "Organic Marketside Spring Mix" by Fresh Express. The company has since issued a recall for lot G089B19 with a "best by" date of April 14, and has specified that this batch was shipped to Walmart stores in the southeastern United States. At this time, no one else has reported finding bat remains in their bagged salads. "The recall was necessitated when Fresh Express was notified that extraneous animal matter was allegedly found in a single container of the salad," the company said in a statement. "Out of an abundance of caution, all salads manufactured in the same production run are being recalled." "Fresh Express takes matters of food safety very seriously and rigorously complies with all food safety regulations including the proscribed Good Agricultural Practices," they continued. The salads have since been pulled from Walmart shelves. Follow Gina on Twitter. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Share Tweet Email More From Food & Cocktails A Permanent Hello Kitty Café Is Opening McDonald's Cherry Blossom Float Is Pretty AF Advertisement - Continue Reading Below X-Ray of Grape Lodged in Child's Throat Goes Viral Science Says Drinking Wine Is Great For Your Brain 17 Deliciously Satisfying Divorce Cakes You've Got To See These Microscopic Layer Cakes I Ate Only McDonald's for a Week Birthday Cake Cookies You Need These "Beauty and the Beast" Desserts Taco Bell Has THREE New Food Items On Its Menu Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Food & Cocktails Zika Virus Has Arrived in Nevada Intestines Found in Woman's Checked Bag The CDC Recommends Men Stop Having Sex With Their Pregnant Partners Almost 300 Pregnant Women in the U.S. Have the Zika Virus Frozen Strawberries Are Causing a Hepatitis A Outbreak in the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention bats bat cdc Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Cosmo Books Work For Cosmo Become A Cosmo Intern Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Share Tweet Email
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News CDC investigates bat found in Fresh Express salad sold at Florida Wal-Mart Dead Bat Prompts Salad Recall Fresh Express recalls 5 oz. packages of organic spring mix Fresh Express recalls 5 oz. packages of organic spring mix Janet Brindle ReddickContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Florida health officials are investigating reports that a prepackaged Fresh Express salad sold at a Wal-Mart store contained a dead bat. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Florida Department of Health and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration say the bat was sent to the CDC to be tested for rabies. According to the CDC, two people in the state reported eating some of the salad before they found the bat. On Saturday, Fresh Express issued a recall of the Organic Marketside spring mix that were sold in a clear plastic container. The production code was G089B19 and it had a best-if-used-by-date of April 14 on the front label. CDC officials said the salads were only distributed to Wal-Mart stores in the Southeast. The CDC said transmission of rabies by eating a rabid animal is uncommon and the virus doesn’t live long outside of the infected animal, but anyone who thinks they may have eaten one of the salads that had animal products should contact their local health departments. I-4 animals BOBBY COKER, ORLANDO SENTINEL I-4 drive you batty? You're not along. Take a look at these residents along I-4 -- bat cling to the concrete at the pedestrian bridge over Interstate 4 near Fairbanks Avenue on Friday, September 6, 2002 I-4 drive you batty? You're not along. Take a look at these residents along I-4 -- bat cling to the concrete at the pedestrian bridge over Interstate 4 near Fairbanks Avenue on Friday, September 6, 2002 (BOBBY COKER, ORLANDO SENTINEL) The two people who are known to have eaten the contaminated salads began post-exposure rabies treatment as a precaution, but “report being in good health,” according to the CDC. Health officials said anyone who purchased one of the salads should discard it and contact the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center at 800-242-5472.  jareddick@orlandosentinel.com, 407-420-5268 or Twitter @jbreddick Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 63°
Login Profile Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Contact Us About Us Advertise Past Issues !!Date!! Browse Archives     Front Page Local Region Video Sports Obituaries Classifieds Subscribe Front Page News Local Region Nation Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Community Lifestyles Classifieds Subscribe   Other Publications   Argus Champion Message for the Week 2017-04-10 / Local Tweet Print Police seeking suspect of late night auto theft CLAREMONT — Police are seeking the public’s help in identifying the alleged perpetrator of a late night assault and theft at the Walmart in Claremont. Police responded to Walmart at about 11 p.m. Friday, April 7 for a report of an assault and theft of a motor vehicle, according to a notice sent out by Claremont Police Chief Mark Chase. An employee was leaving the store around that time and was assaulted by a man as they were getting into their vehicle. Police said the suspect then forcibly took the keys from the victim and drove away in the victim’s vehicle. The suspect is described as a white man with dark short hair, a goatee, and a dark-colored sweatshirt. Claremont police are currently reviewing video of the incident. The vehicle has since been recovered. Anyone with information can call the Claremont Police Department at (603) 542-9538 or the tip line at (603) 542-7026. Return to top Login to post comments Most Viewed Stories Windsor man arrested following police pursuit 'It’s unfortunate' Police seeking suspect of late night auto theft Click here for digital edition Tweets by eagletimesnh Copyright 2011-2017 Eagle Times, All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services
News Opinion Sports Entertainment 46° Login Subscribe Full Menu 46° Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service About Us Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Business Crime Databases Death Notices Education Local News Military News Obituaries Politics & Government State Traffic Watchdog Weather Opinion Opinion Cartoons Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Sports Sports College High School Preps Stats Mariners Seahawks Sounders UW Huskies Politics Politics Living Living Announcements Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Comics Puzzles & Games Events Calendar Horoscopes Movies Restaurants Outdoors Outdoors Fishing Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad A Boeing 787 Dreamliner taxis down Paine Field in Everett. Boeing is one of several large businesses that would see a property tax cut under Republican lawmakers’ plan to fix how Washington state pays for schools. Drew Perine Staff file, 2009 Politics & Government April 08, 2017 4:14 PM Boeing, other corporations would get big property tax cuts under GOP schools plan By Melissa Santos msantos@thenewstribune.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story When it comes to taxing businesses to pay for schools, state lawmakers in Olympia remain of two minds. While Democrats are proposing business tax hikes, a Republican plan would give many of Washington’s largest corporations a sizable property tax cut. Those breaks would include a $7.4 million annual reduction for Boeing, a $6 million cut for Puget Sound Energy and a $1.8 million break for Alaska Airlines, according to new estimates from the state Department of Revenue. Other corporations projected to receive property tax breaks topping $1 million a year under the Republican plan include Walmart, CenturyLink, Avista, BNSF Railway Co. and Weyerhaeuser. Some other big Washington businesses, including Microsoft and Amazon, would see their property taxes go up under the Republican plan. Still, statewide the GOP proposal would result in a net tax decrease of $92 million a year for owners of nonresidential parcels worth $5 million or more. Costco, Comcast and the owners of the Tacoma Mall are among those that would see property tax cuts of several hundred thousand dollars a year if the Republican plan becomes law. I have a retired grandmother in the Ballard neighborhood of Seattle who’s going to see hundreds of dollars in tax increases so that Walmart can receive millions of dollars in tax reductions.span State Sen. Reuven Carlyle, D-Seattle Democrats say the tax breaks show that the Republican plan is unfair, because it simultaneously would raise taxes for property owners in high-cost areas such as Seattle and Bellevue. “What that means in real-people language is I have a retired grandmother in the Ballard neighborhood of Seattle who’s going to see hundreds of dollars in tax increases so that Walmart can receive millions of dollars in tax reductions,” said state Sen. Reuven Carlyle, D-Seattle. Republicans who control the state Senate say companies in rural and suburban areas could use the extra help, and that lowering their taxes is simply a byproduct of fixing how the state pays for schools. “It’s by no means the point of our bill, but it goes toward the inherent inequity in the levy system,” said state Sen. John Braun, R-Centralia, referring to disparities in how much money rich and poor school districts can raise in local property-tax levies. “If we can not only fix the underlying levy system, but also bring our overall state economy closer together so we don’t have these two economies that change at the Seattle city line, then that’s a good thing for all of us,” said Braun, the lead Senate budget writer. In the McCleary school-funding case, state lawmakers are working to comply with a court order to fully fund basic education. To do that, the state must take on the full cost of teachers’ and other school employees’ salaries, part of which now are being paid unconstitutionally through local school district property-tax levies. Republican Senate leaders aim to solve that problem by enacting a new statewide property tax of $1.55 per $1,000 in assessed property value, while eliminating local school district levies starting in 2019. That means property taxes in some areas, including many rural and suburban school districts, would go down, because right now their local levy rates are higher than the GOP’s proposed flat rate. For that reason, Boeing’s facilities in and around Everett would get a cut in property taxes of about $2.9 million annually under the Republican plan, according to the Revenue Department’s estimates. The aerospace company already benefited from more than $300 million in tax breaks from the state in 2015. It goes toward the inherent inequity of the levy system.span State Sen. John Braun, R-Centralia At the same time, areas with high property values and low levy rates — such as Seattle, Mercer Island and Redmond — would see big tax increases under the Republican proposal. That’s why companies in those areas, including Amazon and Microsoft, would see their taxes rise. David Schumacher, the budget director for Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee, said others besides tech giants would have to pay more under the GOP plan. “The problem is that in Seattle, Mercer Island and Bellevue, you don’t have to be rich to see your property taxes going up,” he said. “Every business in Seattle is not Amazon.” The Revenue Department analysis didn’t consider the potential effects of new, more modest local levies that school districts could enact starting in 2020 under the GOP plan. If school districts enact those additional taxes, large companies in their boundaries wouldn’t necessarily see the same tax breaks. Democrats who control the state House are largely looking at options other than property-tax changes to solve the McCleary problem. Their budget proposal would raise about $3 billion in other taxes, without substantially altering local school-district levies. Under the House Democrats’ proposal, businesses with a taxable revenue of more than $250,000 would see a 20 percent hike in their business and occupation tax rates, a change that would bring the state about $1.2 billion in revenue every two years. While the Democratic plan would exempt many small businesses from paying B&O taxes and allow others a $100,000 deduction, about 72,000 companies that bring in more than $500,000 a year would feel the full brunt of the 20 percent tax increase. House leaders also want to enact a new tax on capital gains, such as income from the sales of stocks and bonds, which Republicans have sharply criticized as the first step toward enacting a general income tax in Washington. A Boeing spokesman declined to comment on the $7.4 million property break the company would receive under the Senate GOP plan, or which approach the company favors to solve McCleary. The Washington Roundtable, a business group, hasn’t taken a position on the House and Senate tax proposals, either, said Steve Mullin, the organization’s president. The roundtable’s members include executives from several businesses that would see property-tax reductions under the Senate Republican plan. Mullin said that although his group hasn’t weighed in on either tax package, he sees the Senate GOP’s plan as being more progressive than Democrats give it credit for. In promoting some of their tax proposals this year, including the capital gains tax, Democrats have talked about the need to make wealthy individuals pay their fair share. “When you look at the whole Washington system, this change would make it more progressive on average,” Mullin said of the GOP’s property tax plan. “Wealthy individuals and businesses in high-value areas are going to proportionally pay more taxes.” Melissa Santos: 360-357-0209, @melissasantos1 Tax changes for businesses under GOP plan An analysis by the state Department of Revenue looked at how a Republican plan to fix funding of Washington’s schools would affect nonresidential taxpayers with parcels valued at $5 million or more, based on the companies’ tax bills from 2016. The analysis looked at the effects of imposing the GOP’s proposed statewide property tax of $1.55 per $1,000 in assessed value, while eliminating local school district property tax levies starting in 2019. The analysis doesn’t account for potential tax increases that could come from districts enacting new, more modest local levies starting in 2020, as the GOP plan allows. Top businesses that would see tax decreases Boeing: -$7,446,315 Puget Sound Energy: -$5,920,223 Avista Corporation: -$1,817,619 Alaska Air Group, Inc.: -$1,809,340 Walmart: -$1,358,491 CenturyLink (Qwest): -$1,338,335 BNSF Railway Company: -$1,262,804 Weyerhauser: -$1,240,313 Rec Silicon LLC: -982,592 Pacificorp: -$783,862 Costco Wholesale Corp.: -$775,224 Comcast: -$760,385 Prologis: -$723,612.45 Tacoma Mall Corp.: -$682,765 Kaiser Aluminum: -$665,501 Top businesses that would see tax increases Microsoft Corporation: $829,600 Acorn Development LLC (Amazon’s real-estate unit): $584,036 Union Square LLC: $308,310 Kemper Development Co.: $260,446 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 18 hours ago Forum tackles personal challenges faced in running for public office 2:40 18 hours ago Forum tackles personal challenges faced in running for public office 3:51 10 days ago Legislative pages experience lawmaking first hand with mock hearing 1:14 15 days ago Local students stage education funding support rally in Olympia View More Video Politics & Government Judge again finds discrimination in Texas' voter ID law The Latest: Girl recounts seeing friend, teacher get shot US temporarily bans use of cyanide predator traps in Idaho Trump’s promised announcement on labor law unnerves unions The Latest: Staffer feels vindicated after governor resigns Politics & Government Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store RSS Feeds Contests Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Submit a Photo Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
NEWS TV CLUB VIDEO REVIEWS FEATURES SECTIONS FILM TV MUSIC FOOD COMEDY BOOKS GAMES AUX NEWS TV CLUB VIDEO REVIEWS FEATURES SECTIONS FILM TV MUSIC FOOD COMEDY BOOKS GAMES AUX NEWS TV CLUB VIDEO REVIEWS FEATURES SECTIONS FILM TV MUSIC FOOD COMEDY BOOKS GAMES AUX A.V. Club Most Read 1 Bob Odenkirk as Jimmy McGill (as Gene) / Michele K. Short/AMC/Sony Pictures Television Posted Apr 10 TV Club Tapes, trackers, and approaching storms on Better Call Saul’s season premiere 2 Screenshot: There Are No Forests On Flat Earth Wake Up Posted Apr 10 Great Job, Internet! A hot new conspiracy theory is tearing up the flat-Earth movement 3 Jemima Kirke, Zosia Mamet, Allison Williams, and Lena Dunham (Photo: HBO) Posted Apr 9 TV Club New York City’s worst best friends gather one last time in the penultimate Girls 4 Model Bella Hadid arrives at a Cannes screening. (Photo: Loic Venance/Getty Images) Posted Apr 10 Podmass Who? Weekly is your source for essential inconsequential celebrity gossip 5 Photo: Jeff Schear/Getty Images for Pizza Hut Posted Apr 11 For Our Consideration A food critic explains why Pizza Hut remains the paradigm of pizza NEWSWIRE GREAT JOB, INTERNET! @AV_Newswire @TheAVClub RECENT ARTICLES BROWSE ALL yesterday at 6:44 p.m. Chipotle enlists funny people to make you forget that whole E. coli thing (Photo: Getty Images/FilmMagic, Jason LaVeris) yesterday at 5:54 p.m. Hackers post anti-Semitic messages on Shia LaBeouf’s He Will Not Divide Us website Arrow yesterday at 5:04 p.m. Manu Bennett is returning to Arrow (Photo: Getty Images/AFP, KENA BETANCUR) yesterday at 4:23 p.m. The New York Times wins 3 Pulitzers, accidentally spoils it on Facebook RECENT ARTICLES BROWSE ALL Screenshot: YouTube/Unboxing Porn yesterday at 3:31 p.m. There’s an insidious undercurrent to the popularity of unboxing videos yesterday at 2:57 p.m. Breaking down the mysterious beauty of 16mm film Photo: Warner Bros. Pictures yesterday at 2:09 p.m. An investigation into what movie monsters would actually sound like Screenshot: How To Do 12 Different Accents yesterday at 1:57 p.m. Become a master linguist with this guide to 12 different accents REVIEWS WHAT'S ON TONIGHT @AVTVClub RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL - WWE Monday Night Raw "April 10, 2017" Season 24, Ep 83 A- Bob Odenkirk as Jimmy McGill (as Gene) / Michele K. Short/AMC/Sony Pictures Television Better Call Saul "Mabel" Season 3, Ep 1 B Photo: Cate Cameron/A&E Bates Motel "The Body" Season 5, Ep 8 C The Get Down "Gamble Everything" Season 1, Ep 10 RECENT ARTICLES BROWSE ALL Photo: John P Fleenor/Fox today at midnight Brooklyn Nine-Nine stakes out its spring premiere Bob Odenkirk and Rhea Seehorn star in Better Call Saul (Photo: Robert Trachtenberg/AMC/Sony Pictures) yesterday at midnight It’s Monday, so you Better Call Saul "Is that a message from Showtime?" (Photo: Showtime) Apr 9, 2017 at midnight Homeland wraps up a season that actually took place in Carrie’s homeland Photo: Netflix Apr 7, 2017 at midnight The Get Down finally closes out its first season ALL A.V. UNDERCOVER A.V. UNDERCOVER: THE DAY OF THE DEAD THE HI-LO FOOD SHOW RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL yesterday at 5:01 p.m. Rachel Dratch explains how her autobiography came to life   yesterday at 3:01 p.m. Tim Baltz takes our Rorschach test, and sees a lot of blood   yesterday at 1:25 p.m. How similar are Hampton Yount and Baron Vaughn to their Mystery Science Theater 3000 characters?   Apr 7, 2017 at 3:01 p.m. The original Muppeteers are as bright and hilarious as the characters they portray   RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL Dec 5, 2016 at 12:19 p.m. A.V. Undercover 2016: Watch the recap and vote for your favorite   Nov 22, 2016 at 11 a.m. Chrissy And Hawley cover Erasure’s “A Little Respect”   Nov 15, 2016 at 11 a.m. Joyce Manor covers The National’s “Mistaken For Strangers”   Nov 8, 2016 at 10 a.m. GWAR salutes AC/DC with some very special Election Day guests   RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL Nov 2, 2016 at 11 a.m. Local Natives cover David Bowie’s “Teenage Wildlife”   Oct 31, 2016 at 10:57 a.m. Adam Torres covers The Drifters   Oct 25, 2016 at 11 a.m. Robbie Fulks covers Freddy Powers   Oct 21, 2016 at 10 a.m. Shovels & Rope covers Lou Reed   RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL Sep 24, 2015 at 9 a.m. We visit a long-running, Julia Child-approved Vietnamese spot in San Francisco   Sep 23, 2015 at 9:34 a.m. There’s art and poetry on the plates at San Francisco’s Atelier Crenn   Sep 10, 2015 at 9 a.m. Simple Southern food doesn’t get better than Nana’s Seafood & Soul   Sep 9, 2015 at 9 a.m. We visit a Charleston restaurant that once served George Washington   ALL FILM TV MUSIC BOOKS @TheAVClub @AVCFilm @AVTVClub RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL B Photo: Sony Pictures Classics today at midnight Richard Gere hustles his way to the halls of power in Joseph Cedar’s clever Norman - WWE Monday Night Raw "April 10, 2017" Season 24, Ep 83 A- Bob Odenkirk as Jimmy McGill (as Gene) / Michele K. Short/AMC/Sony Pictures Television Better Call Saul "Mabel" Season 3, Ep 1 B Photo: Cate Cameron/A&E Bates Motel "The Body" Season 5, Ep 8 RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL B Photo: Sony Pictures Classics today at midnight Richard Gere hustles his way to the halls of power in Joseph Cedar’s clever Norman C+ Photo: Pure Flix Apr 7, 2017 at 3:10 p.m. From the believers behind God’s Not Dead comes a slightly less preachy Case For Christ C Photo: Warner Bros. Apr 6, 2017 at noon What is Zach Braff doing behind the camera of the old-dudes comedy Going In Style? B Photo: IFC Apr 6, 2017 at midnight Romanian master Cristian Mungiu finds more hardship in the homeland with Graduation RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL - WWE Monday Night Raw "April 10, 2017" Season 24, Ep 83 A- Bob Odenkirk as Jimmy McGill (as Gene) / Michele K. Short/AMC/Sony Pictures Television Better Call Saul "Mabel" Season 3, Ep 1 B Photo: Cate Cameron/A&E Bates Motel "The Body" Season 5, Ep 8 C The Get Down "Gamble Everything" Season 1, Ep 10 RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL A- Samuel T. Herring of Future Islands (Photo: Vivien Killilea/Getty Images for Pandora) Apr 7, 2017 at midnight On Future Islands’ elegant The Far Field, humanity (and ’80s pop) lives on B+ Photo: David Wolff/ Patrick/Redferns Apr 7, 2017 at midnight Father John Misty’s Pure Comedy demands serious attention B+ Photo: Columbia Records Mar 31, 2017 at midnight Bob Dylan triples down on his late-career reinvention as a crooner B+ Photo: Cole Burston / Getty Mar 23, 2017 at 3:30 p.m. Drake’s More Life doesn’t know what the hell it wants to be, which makes it great RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL A- Image: Jimmy Hasse yesterday at midnight Take a tour through Imaginary Cities, from Blade Runner to High-Rise to Gotham C Graphic: Nick Wanserski yesterday at midnight In Make Trouble, John Waters politely asks graduates to raise hell A Image: Jimmy Hasse Apr 3, 2017 at midnight Read a crucial set of essays from the progenitor of “mansplaining” A- Image: Marcus Nuccio Mar 27, 2017 at midnight Gods and monsters are one and the same in Laini Taylor’s Strange The Dreamer ALL SPECIAL FEATURES FOR OUR CONSIDERATION MOVIE REVIEW RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL From left to right: Jonah Ray, Hampton Yount, Baron Vaughn, Joel Hodgson today at midnight They saved MST3K’s brain: The story of an amazing, colossal cult TV revival Photo: Jeff Schear/Getty Images for Pizza Hut today at midnight A food critic explains why Pizza Hut remains the paradigm of pizza Screenshot: Persona 5 today at midnight Persona 5 lives and dies by its writing Photo: John P Fleenor/Fox today at midnight Brooklyn Nine-Nine stakes out its spring premiere RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL Screenshot: Mass Effect: Andromeda Apr 4, 2017 at 4:57 p.m. Pt. 3—Mass Effect: Andromeda’s ending is just the beginning Game In Progress: Mass Effect: Andromeda Screenshot: Mass Effect: Andromeda Apr 4, 2017 at 4:57 p.m. Pt. 3—Mass Effect: Andromeda’s ending is just the beginning Screenshot: Mass Effect: Andromeda Mar 30, 2017 at midnight Pt. 2—If only the rest of Mass Effect: Andromeda were as fun as its loyalty missions MORE FROM SECTION Screenshot: Persona 5 Mar 29, 2017 at midnight Pt. 1—Persona 5 is here, and it is glorious Game In Progress: Persona 5 Screenshot: Persona 5 Mar 29, 2017 at midnight Pt. 1—Persona 5 is here, and it is glorious MORE FROM SECTION Screenshot: Bozo's Circus, circa 1968 Apr 2, 2017 at midnight Meet the clown who dominated Chicago’s airwaves for generations of kids Chicago Week Screenshot: Bozo's Circus, circa 1968 Apr 2, 2017 at midnight Meet the clown who dominated Chicago’s airwaves for generations of kids Cooley High (1975) Mar 31, 2017 at 1 p.m. The riotous Cooley High is a Chicago movie for people who really live here MORE FROM SECTION Screenshot: Torment: Tides Of Numenera/InXile Entertainment Mar 28, 2017 at midnight Pt. 3—A weak ending can’t dull Torment: Tides Of Numenera’s short-form brilliance Game In Progress: Torment: Tides Of Numenera Screenshot: Torment: Tides Of Numenera/InXile Entertainment Mar 28, 2017 at midnight Pt. 3—A weak ending can’t dull Torment: Tides Of Numenera’s short-form brilliance Mar 14, 2017 at midnight Pt. 2—Torment’s main story can’t live up to the thrills hiding in its margins MORE FROM SECTION RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL From left to right: Jonah Ray, Hampton Yount, Baron Vaughn, Joel Hodgson today at midnight They saved MST3K’s brain: The story of an amazing, colossal cult TV revival Photo: Jeff Schear/Getty Images for Pizza Hut today at midnight A food critic explains why Pizza Hut remains the paradigm of pizza Photos: (Top left, top right, bottom left) Peter Tsai, (bottom right) Ben Collins-Sussman / courtesy of Baconfest Apr 7, 2017 at midnight One night in the epicenter of bacon memes Photo: DeAgostini/Getty Images Apr 6, 2017 at midnight Salt grinders are bullshit, and other lessons from growing up in the spice trade RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL B Photo: Sony Pictures Classics today at midnight Richard Gere hustles his way to the halls of power in Joseph Cedar’s clever Norman C+ Photo: Pure Flix Apr 7, 2017 at 3:10 p.m. From the believers behind God’s Not Dead comes a slightly less preachy Case For Christ C Photo: Warner Bros. Apr 6, 2017 at noon What is Zach Braff doing behind the camera of the old-dudes comedy Going In Style? B Photo: IFC Apr 6, 2017 at midnight Romanian master Cristian Mungiu finds more hardship in the homeland with Graduation Log In Settings Find a Show News yesterday at 6:44 p.m. Chipotle enlists funny people to make you forget that whole E. coli thing (Photo: Getty Images/FilmMagic, Jason LaVeris) yesterday at 5:54 p.m. Hackers post anti-Semitic messages on Shia LaBeouf’s He Will Not Divide Us website Arrow yesterday at 5:04 p.m. Manu Bennett is returning to Arrow (Photo: Getty Images/AFP, KENA BETANCUR) yesterday at 4:23 p.m. The New York Times wins 3 Pulitzers, accidentally spoils it on Facebook Juliette and Avery (Photo: CMT) yesterday at 4:04 p.m. Lazarus show Nashville renewed for season 6 on CMT The Punisher yesterday at 3:42 p.m. Netflix’s The Punisher wraps filming, still doesn’t have a premiere date (Photo: Getty Images, Stefania D'Alessandro) yesterday at 2:57 p.m. Ed Sheeran settles lawsuit accusing him of stealing “Photograph” yesterday at 1:46 p.m. The original ending for Lost was going to be much more explosive Newswire Great Job, Internet! TV Club - WWE Monday Night Raw "April 10, 2017" Season 24, Ep 83 A- Bob Odenkirk as Jimmy McGill (as Gene) / Michele K. Short/AMC/Sony Pictures Television Better Call Saul "Mabel" Season 3, Ep 1 B Photo: Cate Cameron/A&E Bates Motel "The Body" Season 5, Ep 8 C The Get Down "Gamble Everything" Season 1, Ep 10 - Who's going to clean up Emma's house? (Photo: ABC) Once Upon A Time "Mother's Little Helper" Season 6, Ep 16 D+ Claire Danes and Elizabeth Marvel (Photo: JoJo Whilden/Showtime) Homeland "America First" Season 6, Ep 12 B+ Jemima Kirke, Zosia Mamet, Allison Williams, and Lena Dunham (Photo: HBO) Girls "Goodbye Tour" Season 6, Ep 9 B+ Photo: FX Feud "Hagsploitation" Season 1, Ep 6 All Reviews What's On Tonight Video yesterday at 5:01 p.m. Rachel Dratch explains how her autobiography came to life   yesterday at 3:01 p.m. Tim Baltz takes our Rorschach test, and sees a lot of blood   yesterday at 1:25 p.m. How similar are Hampton Yount and Baron Vaughn to their Mystery Science Theater 3000 characters?   Apr 7, 2017 at 3:01 p.m. The original Muppeteers are as bright and hilarious as the characters they portray   Apr 7, 2017 at 1:01 p.m. The director and cast of Win It All try not to keep it too serious   Apr 6, 2017 at 3:41 p.m. Bill Nye reflects on the lasting legacy of Carl Sagan   Apr 5, 2017 at 5:24 p.m. Tim Baltz tries our TV editor’s job and discovers he’s pretty good at it   Apr 5, 2017 at 2:31 p.m. AJ Mendez Brooks on taking the first step toward treating mental illness   All Video A.V. Undercover A.V. Undercover: The Day Of The Dead The Hi-Lo Food Show Reviews B Photo: Sony Pictures Classics today at midnight Richard Gere hustles his way to the halls of power in Joseph Cedar’s clever Norman - WWE Monday Night Raw "April 10, 2017" Season 24, Ep 83 A- Bob Odenkirk as Jimmy McGill (as Gene) / Michele K. Short/AMC/Sony Pictures Television Better Call Saul "Mabel" Season 3, Ep 1 B Photo: Cate Cameron/A&E Bates Motel "The Body" Season 5, Ep 8 C The Get Down "Gamble Everything" Season 1, Ep 10 A- Tony Hale and Julia Louis-Dreyfus star in Veep (Photo: Justin M. Lubin/HBO) Veep Veep keeps its profane edge even after scattering its forces - Who's going to clean up Emma's house? (Photo: ABC) Once Upon A Time "Mother's Little Helper" Season 6, Ep 16 D+ Claire Danes and Elizabeth Marvel (Photo: JoJo Whilden/Showtime) Homeland "America First" Season 6, Ep 12 All Reviews Film TV Music Books Features From left to right: Jonah Ray, Hampton Yount, Baron Vaughn, Joel Hodgson today at midnight They saved MST3K’s brain: The story of an amazing, colossal cult TV revival Photo: Jeff Schear/Getty Images for Pizza Hut today at midnight A food critic explains why Pizza Hut remains the paradigm of pizza Screenshot: Persona 5 today at midnight Persona 5 lives and dies by its writing Photo: John P Fleenor/Fox today at midnight Brooklyn Nine-Nine stakes out its spring premiere yesterday at 1:01 p.m. Hey America, get passes to see Free Fire early and free, courtesy of The A.V. Club Model Bella Hadid arrives at a Cannes screening. (Photo: Loic Venance/Getty Images) yesterday at noon Who? Weekly is your source for essential inconsequential celebrity gossip Photo: Kurt Iswarienko/FX yesterday at 10:18 a.m. Feud’s Stanley Tucci on donning a fat suit and dropping the C-word Photo: Omar Torres/AFP/Getty Images yesterday at midnight An entry-level guide to mezcal, the smoky Mexican liquor that’s lowbrow no more All Features For Our Consideration Movie Review Sections Film Tv Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Our Company About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Careers RSS Onion Inc. Sites The Onion The A.V. Club ClickHole Onion Studios The A.V. Club Store Get The Latest Food Newswire Dead bat found in Walmart salad as Gotham police struggle to capture Poison Ivy By Sam Barsanti @sambarsanti Posted Apr 9, 2017 at 9:14 p.m. Batman And Robin Batman And Robin In what is clearly a thinly veiled threat against the Batman, The Washington Post is reporting that two people in Florida recently discovered a decomposed bat in a Fresh Express salad mix that they purchased at Walmart. To make it worse, they discovered the bat’s remains after eating some of the Organic Marketside Spring Mix, and the animal was too decomposed for the local branch of the Centers For Disease Control And Prevention to determine whether or not it had rabies. Luckily, the two people who ate the salad are reportedly doing fine, but that’s probably a small consolation considering that there was a dead bat in the thing they ate. Fresh Express believes that this was an isolated incident, but it’s working with Walmart to pull all salads from this particular batch off of store shelves as a precautionary measure. No culprit has come forward yet, because things like this don’t typically have culprits, but it seems safe to assume that this is the work of Poison Ivy and her green thumb of villainy. Also, while Gotham City Police Commissioner James Gordon has not released a formal statement yet, sources within his department suggest that this is part of some elaborate scheme to punish people for the way they treat plants. Submit your Newswire tips here. Filed Under: Food, salad Can't see comments? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Load More Articles Thursdays @ 9/8 CT on Fusion Learn More Get The Latest Newswire Updates Like Most Read 1 Bob Odenkirk as Jimmy McGill (as Gene) / Michele K. Short/AMC/Sony Pictures Television Posted Apr 10 TV Club Tapes, trackers, and approaching storms on Better Call Saul’s season premiere 2 Screenshot: There Are No Forests On Flat Earth Wake Up Posted Apr 10 Great Job, Internet! A hot new conspiracy theory is tearing up the flat-Earth movement 3 Jemima Kirke, Zosia Mamet, Allison Williams, and Lena Dunham (Photo: HBO) Posted Apr 9 TV Club New York City’s worst best friends gather one last time in the penultimate Girls Sign up for news Daily Newsletter Highlights from The A.V. Club What's On Tonight A daily update on the world of TV Submit Links and such All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Contests RSS About Us Contact Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy The A.V. Club Store Our Partners Hitfix Mental Floss Oh My Rockness Uproxx Upworthy Vice © Copyright 2017 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Real Estate Education Strategy Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism Lifestyle Luxury Travel Dubai Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One NFL Dubai World Cup Contact Us Privacy Policy Free Trial Consulting IR EB5 CrowdFunding Contributors Marketing Metals Race Horse Syndication Monetization of Bank Instruments One Ohana The Deal Sheet Managed FX Asset Management Asia Business Financial Solutions Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Heffx Technicals Bullish Trend By HEFFX Australia on April 9, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Heffx Technicals Bullish Trend Overall, the bias in prices is: Upwards. Short term: Prices are moving. Intermediate term: Prices are trending. Note: this chart shows extraordinary price action to the upside. By the way, prices are vulnerable to a correction towards 70.34. The projected upper bound is: 74.90. The projected lower bound is: 71.14. The projected closing price is: 73.02. Candlesticks A white body occurred (because prices closed higher than they opened). During the past 10 bars, there have been 8 white candles and 2 black candles for a net of 6 white candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 29 white candles and 21 black candles for a net of 8 white candles. Momentum Indicators Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators. Stochastic Oscillator One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 56.2887. This is not an overbought or oversold reading. The last signal was a sell 3 period(s) ago. Relative Strength Index (RSI) The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 68.28. This is not a topping or bottoming area. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 29 period(s) ago. Commodity Channel Index (CCI) The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is 115.This is an overbought reading. However, a signal isn’t generated until the indicator crosses below 100. The last signal was a sell 2 period(s) ago. MACD The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a buy 6 period(s) ago. Rex Takasugi – TD Profile WAL-MART STORES closed up 1.470 at 72.900. Volume was 6% above average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 4% narrower than normal. Open High Low Close Volume___ 72.140 72.980 71.810 72.900 2,895,557 Technical Outlook Short Term: Neutral Intermediate Term: Bullish Long Term: Bullish Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period Close: 71.42 69.71 70.71 Volatility: 14 17 17 Volume: 2,163,548 2,983,318 2,535,114 Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon. Summary WAL-MART STORES is currently 3.1% above its 200-period moving average and is in an upward trend. Volatility is extremely high when compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. There is a good possibility that volatility will decrease and prices will stabilize in the near term. Our volume indicators reflect volume flowing into and out of WMT.N at a relatively equal pace (neutral). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bullish on WMT.N and have had this outlook for the last 2 periods.   news, NYSE, NYSE:WMT, outlook, shayne heffernan, trading, Wal-Mart Stores Inc Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Heffx Technicals Bullish Trend added by HEFFX Australia on April 9, 2017 View all posts by HEFFX Australia → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts HEFFX Australia HEFFX has become one of Asia’s leading financial services companies with interests in Publishing, Private Equity, Capital Markets, Mining, Retail, Transport and Agriculture that span every continent of the world. Our clearing partners have unprecedented experience in Equities, Options, Forex and Commodities brokering, banking, physical metals dealing, floor brokering and trading. Latest posts by HEFFX Australia (see all) Whole Foods Market (NASDAQ:WFM) Heffx Technicals Stock Overbought - April 11, 2017 Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) Heffx Technicals Stock Overbought - April 10, 2017 United Continental Holdings (NYSE:UAL) Heffx Technicals Stock Overbought - April 10, 2017 Related posts: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Heffx Technical Analysis Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Advances Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Technical Analysis Buy, Sell or Hold? Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Long Term Bearish Outlook Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) Constant Contact Use. By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Booking.com Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health Asia Business Asset Management Consulting Contact Us Privacy Policy Contributors CrowdFunding EB5 Financial Solutions Free Trial IR Live Trading Room Managed FX Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments One Ohana Race Horse Syndication The Deal Sheet Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper World Bat found inside Wal-Mart salad mix in Florida The Washington Post | Sunday, April 9, 2017, 11:00 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. As the Miami Herald would observe, the notice Saturday recalling an untold quantity of organic salad from Wal-Mart stores across the southeastern United States “tiptoes around the batness” of the situation. The very, very disgusting batness of it all. Fresh Express' recall notice says only that, despite “a range of stringent controls ... in place during growing and harvesting,” some “extraneous animal matter” found its way into a single five-ounce container of Organic Marketside Spring Mix, somewhere on the continent. But the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, on the other hand, will tell you possibly more than you wanted to know. “Two people in Florida reported eating some of the salad before the bat was found,” reads the agency's notice of an investigation of the incident. The dead bat was turned over to the federal government. “The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies.” That sounds bad, though the CDC offers reassurance that the chance of a live rabies virus making its way into the salad is very small. And the two people who ate the salad appear healthy. “Immediately upon notification of the event, Fresh Express food safety and rapid response teams worked in close coordination with Wal-Mart and regulatory authorities to launch an intensive investigation,” a spokesperson for the company, which is owned by Chiquita of bananas fame, wrote in a statement to The Washington Post. “Based on all available evidence, we are confident this is an isolated incident.” Fresh Express, like many food makers in the age of mass distribution, has issued a handful of recalls before. But those contamination scares - salmonella, almond allergens, errant packages of Parmesan cheese - did not resemble whatever horror greeted the salad eaters in Florida. Not that a little dead bat is the most dangerous thing you can find in a meal. A minimal chance of rabies in two people who seem fine pales in comparison to a batch of Listeria-tainted Blue Bell ice cream that sickened people in four states. And a cucumber contamination in 2015 killed two people and sickened hundreds. A Wal-Mart spokesperson didn't say in which store the bat was found, but said that as soon as the company learned of the incident, it told all stores selling salad from that batch to pull it off the shelves. There are no signs that the incident will lead to anything like the public relations crisis that Chipotle faced in 2015, when 80 college students fell ill after visiting a single restaurant. Or Taco Bell's E. coli-based financial catastrophe a decade ago. Or Jack in the Box before that. A decomposed bat is not even necessarily the grossest extraneous matter you can find in your dinner. NPR has an entire compendium of reports about fingers found in fast food. More Nation/World Attorney General Sessions orders Justice Department to end forensic science commission, suspend review policy Judge again finds discrimination in Texas' voter ID law Investigation of Trump's charity wins Pulitzer Prize Alabama governor resigns, pleads guilty to misdemeanors Israelis urged to leave Egypt TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Pirates' Glasnow goes wild in loss to Reds  City councilwoman takes circus test ride After United Airlines incident, police say they're not 'the muscle' for airlines Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Home Opener, Eurasian Eagle Owl and the food bank (April 3-9) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Business Jobs General Notice Politics | Ask the US Embassy | Clearing Customs | Environment HEART Trust/NTA increases grant to SLB 9:50 PM N Korea vows response to 'reckless' US Navy move: KCNA 9:30 PM Finance state minister invites pharmacists to meeting 9:00 PM US gains Trump backing for World Cup bid with Mexico, Canada 8:53 PM 8,000 BPO jobs this year 8:32 PM Windies names squad for final ODI vs Pakistan 8:02 PM Broken boiler at UHWI triggers toxic fumes at Mona 7:40 PM UPDATE: Education Ministry sends team to Cumberland High 7:07 PM O-Wrap: Quallo appointed top cop… Schoolgirl killed in squabble… Cumberland High teachers scared 7:00 PM Cops yet to identify body found in St Ann three weeks ago 6:51 PM China remains world's biggest executioner — Amnesty 6:31 PM Person of interest held in killing of Runaway Bay woman 6:01 PM Four arrested after cops seize 3 guns 5:50 PM 'Carnival in Jamaica' — further diversifying the tourism product 5:46 PM Bolt imposter attempts to solicit money on Facebook 5:21 PM Official: Russia knew Syrian chemical attack was coming 5:10 PM Forex: J$128.89 to one US dollar 4:56 PM Quallo appointed Commissioner of Police 4:16 PM New Venezuela clashes as Maduro seeks help in Cuba 4:11 PM Three men accused of stealing $2m in tiles 3:54 PM Carib Cement implements temporary solutions amid cement shortage 3:37 PM Calabar athlete slashed in robbery attempt 3:19 PM ONLINE POLL RESULTS: No corned beef eating after March 20 ban 2:57 PM 18-y-o girl missing since last year 2:42 PM Two dead in apparent murder-suicide at California school 2:26 PM News Antibiotic-free meat gets a foothold in US Agriculture Tuesday, April 11, 2017     Tweet NEW YORK, United States (AFP) — Facing pressure from environmentalists and shareholder activists, major US food companies and restaurant chains are moving to limit antibiotics in farm animals raised for meat. In February, Tyson Foods announced a “no antibiotics ever” pledge for all Tyson-branded chicken products, building on an earlier promise to restrict drug use on broiler chickens. Analysts see the latest Tyson announcement as further evidence of a trend of large companies limiting pharmaceuticals that scientists believe increase drug resistance for treating pneumonia, infections and other illnesses in humans. The wave started in 2014 with Perdue Chicken and chicken-based fast food chain Chick-fil-A, followed by McDonald’s, Wal-Mart stores, Pilgrim’s Pride and others. The announcements vary in scope, with some companies, for example, still permitting use of ionophores, antibiotics not used in human medicine. The shift follows warnings about antibiotic resistance from health officials and a September 2016 United Nations General Assembly resolution that pledged coordinated action to address overuse. “We’re seeing a cry from consumers for meat that’s responsibly raised,” said Lena Brook, a food policy advocate for the Natural Resources Defense Council. Still, the breadth of the movement should not be overstated. While an estimated 40 to 50 per cent of US chicken now is antibiotic-free, the percentage is far lower for pork and beef. Moreover, several leading companies have resisted action, while Sanderson Farms, a leading US chicken producer, has lampooned the trend. “There’s certainly strong and growing demand for it today, but to what extent it’s a fad or a long-term trend remains to be seen,” said Zain Akbari, a food industry analyst at Morningstar. Experts in animal farm science say US farmers, for decades, routinely employed antibiotics as a means to speed growth rates for animals, and to prevent disease outbreaks on farms where animals are frequently packed in close quarters. But an April 2014 World Health Organization report warned of the potential for a “post-antibiotic era” in which “common infections and minor injuries can kill” as drugs become ineffective. In voluntary guidelines that took effect in January, the US Food and Drug Administration said antibiotics in agriculture should be limited to medically necessary uses, and not for weight gain. The call by public officials has dovetailed, with heightened consciousness about food in broader American society that has also propelled organic food. Instead of antibiotics, Tyson is turning to probiotics and to botanicals such as oregano and thyme for routine treatment, while still employing antibiotics if birds become sick, a spokesman said. Tyson, which has faced shareholder resolutions in recent years on its water policy and other sustainability issues, also plans to limit antibiotics in pork, beef and turkey, although it has not yet set target dates. “We’re eliminating human antibiotics because it’s the most responsible approach to balance a global health concern and animal well-being,“ a Tyson spokesman told AFP. “Antibiotics resistance is a very complex issue, with no single cause and no single solution. It’s a global concern and we want to be part of the solution.” As other companies have done, Tyson began with chicken, in part because chicken farms tend to be vertically organised within companies, compared with pork and beef, which involve contracts with outside farmers. That means the company would need to institute programmes that impact its suppliers, analysts say. Advocates of stricter antibiotic use are pressing for action on beef and pork too, and are preparing a shareholder resolution for McDonald’s annual meeting. Since beef already has more premium grades, adding antibiotic-free products could be another opportunity to introduce a pricier product, said Akbari, the Morningstar analyst. Akbari said much of the current push is in response to millennials, who increasingly will “force retailers and producers to be pretty nimble”. Still, organic-minded millennials are not the only key segment in the vast US food market. Sanderson Farms last summer unveiled a marketing blitz in which a pair of folksy, baseball-cap wearing consumers mock the antibiotic-free craze in television ads that question the scientific link of agriculture to the growth of drug resistance and the wisdom of paying more for antibiotic-free chicken. Joe Sanderson, chief executive of the 62-year-old Mississippi company, defended the company’s stance in a February 23 conference call. “Everybody does not want that product,” Sanderson said. “And everybody does not believe the claims on that product, nor is that claim important to everybody.” ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES   1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper – email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus OTHER STORIES I am surprised, but very humbled — Quallo Shaw to address property tax issues in House today Senate again delays passing of Arbitration Bill Problems at Cumberland High New police commissioner appointed Explore new building technology, Chang urges construction industry Antibiotic-free meat gets a foothold in US Caribbean can earn more from marine life US-based tourism group praises Jamaica’s anti-harassment thrust Carib Cement given go-ahead to import from Trinidad PHOTO: Ground broken for new power plant Haiti president calls stone-throwers ‘terrorists’ Quallo gets backing from cops This Day in History – April 10 Teacher among dead in murder-suicide at US school; two kids injured Protesters target Maduro, vow to keep up pressure Grenada expresses support for Venezuela G-7 seeks unity in bid to press Russia over Assad Gorsuch sworn into Supreme Court Chuck sees Jamaica becoming ‘top dog’ on world financial landscape ADVERTISEMENT Poll Should the law be amended to allow children under 12 to be prosecuted for crimes? Yes No View Results » ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Sections News Buy Photos Obituaries Archives Vietnam Revisited Most Wanted Meet the Police Above and Beyond Submit News Tips Cops and Courts Past 7 days Stocks and Finance Blogs Lost Photos Mommy Mentions Building Bookshelves Sports Penn State Golf Nascar Outdoors Past 7 days Opinion Thunder/Enlightning Past 7 Days People Games Lottery TV Listings Gas Prices Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Data Center School Databases Driving Pledge Schuylkill Living Magazine Latest Issue of SLM Advertise in SLM Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Customer Service Contact Us Submit News Tips Manage my subscription Birthday Form Become a Carrier NIE e-Edition Community Calendar Submit an Event View Calendar Events Subscribe UNLIMITED ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Pottsville Republican Herald Unlimited Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Republican Herald on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at republicanherald.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the e-Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your unlimited access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • People • Obituaries • Photos • e-Edition • Classifieds • Marketplace Support for show earnsorganization’s thanks POLL Do you pray on a daily basis? Yes No More than once a day Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. Most Read Recent Comments New Frackville police chief may make changes after learning more about community Police log, April 10, 2017 State reviews requirements for PSSA, Keystone exams Frackville native, composer appreciates small-town roots Girardville turns out for rescheduled St. Patrick's Day Parade Criminal court, April 9, 2017 District court, April 9, 2017 Your Views / Published: April 11, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     To the Editor: There are so many people, organizations and businesses that helped make the Mahoney Brothers show, honoring our first responders and Lt. Col. Joseph Diblin, a huge success. I hope we don’t miss any. Our local nurses, EMTs, firefighters and police were treated to a standing ovation by the near capacity crowd for the sacrifices they make to ensure our safety. Diblin, who will be 100 years old this year, walked to the front of the auditorium helped by Al Reidel, a member of the Kulpmont Cruise Association. Diblin became emotional as veterans and the police force saluted him, showing their respect for his many years of service. The large crowd joined Mount Carmel Area’s fifth- and sixth-grade special chorus, under the direction of Miranda Moyer, singing “America the Beautiful” to honor Diblin and the first responders. The performance by the Mahoney Brothers was outstanding. The Mount Carmel Area Band Boosters provided the program, supported by area businesses. Leann Witt coordinated that effort. A list of credits was printed in the program and all the proceeds went to the Band Boosters. Steph McDonald coordinated the concession stand and booster clubs at Mount Carmel Area benefited from that effort. The Charles Lucas Funeral Home donated the tickets and the American flag used in the program. The Academy Sports Center and the Subway at Wal-Mart sold tickets. Providing the food and refreshments for the Mahoney Brothers band, the first responders and the special chorus were Two Guys from Italy, Scicchitano’s Buono Pizza, Hollywood Pizza and Bakery, Mattucci’s, Vine Street Deli and the Subway at Wal-Mart. The local media, The Republican-Herald, The News-Item, T-102 Radio, WNEP and Service Electric, gave outstanding coverage before, during and after the event. Mount Carmel Area’s Dave McFee coordinated the lighting with two of his outstanding students, Manus McCracken and Kevin Stancavage. Our personal thanks to Superintendent Bernard Stellar, his office staff members and the custodial staff for their support. The Kulpmont Cruise Association thanks everyone who made this venture a success. The money raised will be donated back to our youth programs and needy local organizations. Now we turn our efforts to the 15th vehicle cruise to be held in Kulpmont on Sunday, June 18. This year’s cruise will honor our special area people. Members and participants in the Special Olympics are invited to be a part of the cruise. The grand marshal will be Michael Procopio. “God’s special people” will be transported in a trolley. Joe Cesari President Rich Mychak Vice President Patricia Mychak Secretary/Treasurer Kulpmont Cruise Association We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 111 Mahantongo Street Pottsville, PA 17901 1-570-622-3456 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 Pottsville Republican, Inc. PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS PEOPLE OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND POTTSVILLE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #GNRC2017 #TravelCafe News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStocks-business Apr 11, 2017 10:36 AM IST | Source: CNBC-TV18 Here are fundamental trading ideas from Basant Maheshwari In an interview to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh, Sonia Shenoy, and Anuj Singhal, Basant Maheshwari, Author & Independent Market Expert shared his readings and outlook on specific stocks and sectors. In an interview to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh, Sonia Shenoy, and Anuj Singhal, Basant Maheshwari, Author & Independent Market Expert shared his readings and outlook on specific stocks and sectors. Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview. Sonia: Before I ask you about your market view, I need to know what you are advising on Avenue Supermarts (D-Mart) because I understand you bought truckloads of D-Mart during the IPO, so, you are a very rich man right now. However, what do you do in case you missed out on this big rally, does it still portend a buy? A: We bought on the first day first show; it is like a child, we picked it right from the maternity ward. We have been doing this for the last one year. So, Ujjivan, PNB Housing Finance, and now D-Mart. The rational about D-Mart is price to equity (P/E) ratio is just one way to look at it. It is like looking at the horse and the cart. So, if you are looking at the FY17 P/E, it is like looking at the cart, but if you are looking at the FY19 P/E, it is looking like the horse. If I can tell you two-three things, on FY19 basis D-Mart is still at a valuation almost equal to Blue Dart, or an Aditya Birla Fashion, or any of those and plus, this company is growing at 30-40 percent. You might have half a dozen or a dozen retailers in India, but the best part about D-Mart is, this is the only company which has got its strategy right. If you follow Walmart, they started from Arkansas in southeastern US and then they started. The other retailers, they open one store in Chandigarh, the other in Calicut, the third in Kolkata, and the fourth in Coimbatore. So, that is not the way to go about it. The concentric circle model which D-Mart employs and retailing is a very tough business, so, as long as you can get your cost low, you stay in the game. Apart from the NBFCs, I don?t think there are any other stocks which are growing at 30-40 percent and we love growth. We are intoxicated with growth and we are drugged with growth. So, that is one part to it. We have bought for our clients, and for ourselves and this is not a recommendation, we are just sharing an idea just like that. So, do your own diligence, own disclaimer that runs with it. Latha: I want to speak about your first love or your perineal love, housing finance. Repco Home Finance was your discovery. Now, is it still a buy? We have seen a lot of gains in the Indiabulls Housing Finance and other housing finance companies as well, you still like it and if yes, why? A: Repco we don?t own; it has been more than a year now. We have shifted our focus on Can Fin Homes, and PNB Housing. As you know, we have always discussed, we love growth, so Repco was 20-22 percent grower and Can Fin is growing at 30 percent and PNB Housing is growing at 40 percent. So, it made all the sense to move out of Repco and grow into these companies. Of course I can?t recommend a buy or sell, but we own Can Fin and PNB Housing in good quantity for ourselves and for clients and we are super bullish on the space. I think the housing finance space over the next five years would move into a trajectory which it has never ever seen in India. I think in US, when you read those books, you look at Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae and of course for some bad reason one of them went bankrupt and belly-up in 2008, but not before it went several 100 billion dollars of market cap. So, I think one of these can become something like that. So, over the next three to five years, if you just analyse the arithmetic, the cost of owning an home through EMI is now cheaper than paying ent in many of the places assuming you are buying at Rs 20-25 lakh home. So, people would move from rented property to owned property and all the time this government did was the ?garibi hatao? program if you could call it, it was a three ?G? program I always thought ? ghar, garib, and the gaon. However, now the first time the middle class is getting that break, so, I think that should be huge because whenever it was the low ticket guys, you just had okay Gruh Finance falls into that space, but now it is the 15-18 lakh people also who are taking loans, so, those guys would also benefit. So, I think this is on a different trajectory altogether. Sonia: These are themes that are well discovered, the market knows about this ? housing finance, retailers, tell us something new, because there are so many spaces where money is still being made whether it is ancillary steel makers, whether it is white good makers, whether it is auto ancillaries, refractories, etc. Any new themes that you have identified, any stocks that look interesting to you? A: No, for a change I don?t think we have got any new theme as now. Diagnostic is a good space, but the stocks are fairly valued. So, you can buy them and keep them. However, you buy expensive stock only because it is growing at 30-35 percent, so, if the diagnostic space is growing at 20-25 percent, you can look at them, but it is not such a screaming buy as the other ones. When your existing stocks are doing well, there is very little need to look at new themes. The ones which you talked about, the refractories, auto ancillaries and all of them, you can put 2-5 percent allocation of your portfolio, but we prefer putting 15 percent of our money into these stocks. So, they are not fit for 15 percent allocation.For full interview, watch accompanying video. Related news Business Buy Grasim Industries, Petronet LNG, Marksans Pharma: Mitessh Thakkar Apr 11, 2017 12:11 PM Business See upside in HUL, Dabur India; upbeat on Bata: Sudarshan Sukhani Apr 11, 2017 12:06 PM Business 80% of loan book covered under affordable housing scheme: Repco Home Apr 11, 2017 12:01 PM Business Buy Ujjivan Financial Services, Petronet LNG, Maruti Suzuki: Ashwani Gujral Apr 11, 2017 11:28 AM Business Buy Aditya Birla Fashion, Kaveri Seed, Tata Elxsi: Rajat Bose Apr 11, 2017 10:42 AM Business Here are fundamental trading ideas from Basant Maheshwari Apr 11, 2017 10:36 AM Business Buy YES Bank, Mahindra &amp; Mahindra Financial Services: Hemant Thukral Apr 11, 2017 09:56 AM Business Sell UBL, Bharat Financial; buy Adani Ports, Petronet, Piramal Ent: Sukhani Apr 11, 2017 09:42 AM Business Sell HCL Tech, Page Industries; buy Interglobe, YES Bank: Mitessh Thakkar Apr 11, 2017 09:32 AM News Most Popular Top News Maybe it's time for hostile takeovers; govt must back honest risks: Uday Kotak D-Mart bumper listing: Should you buy, book profits or hold shares? Govt wants to ban cash transactions above Rs 2 lakh Will auction Aamby Valley if Rs 5,000 cr not paid: SC to Sahara Market Live: Sensex gains over 150 pts, Nifty eyes 9250; Midcap outperforms again Too much euphoria in markets; Sensex may hover near 29k by Dec: Laijawala Cycle of easy money-making over; see headwinds for IT: Kotak's Nilesh Shah Q4FY17 earnings season to kick off soon; these 8 sectors willl be in focus see more Video of the day Cycle of easy money-making over; see headwinds for IT: Kotak Mahindra AMC Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Gamechanger Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch Power your Ttade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » Power Your Trade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: AFP via Getty Images Eat More Marmite and Skip Flossing to Beat Brexit Inflation by Sam Chambers @SamChambersDMC More stories by Sam Chambers April 11, 2017, 12:00 AM EDT U.K. grocers target price increases, holding line on staples Discounters’ rise keeps retailers from passing on pound effect U.K. grocers are finding creative ways of passing on Brexit-induced cost increases to consumers. If you’re shopping for candles or light bulbs, buyer beware. Unable to raise prices of staple goods from milk to Marmite because of tough competition from discounters and watchful tabloid newspapers, supermarket operators like Tesco Plc and Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s Asda are ratcheting them up on less frequently purchased goods such as dental floss, whose costs might not register as readily with shoppers. “Milk is the sort of item that shoppers use to build their price image of a retailer,” said Cheryl Sullivan, chief marketing and strategy officer at Revionics, a software provider that helps stores formulate pricing strategies. “But shoppers are only price-sensitive on a fraction of a retailer’s range.” The U.K. imports almost half the food it eats and despite grocers holding firm on key lines, the effects of sterling’s Brexit-driven slide are filtering through to shopping bills. After more than two years of decline, food prices rose 2.3 percent in the country’s supermarkets during the first 12 weeks of 2017, according to researcher Kantar Worldpanel. Figures due Tuesday are expected to show that wage growth isn’t keeping pace with higher prices. Targeted increases have joined “shrinkflation” -- decreasing product sizes while holding prices steady -- as a way for retailers to disguise inflation after the pound’s fall put upward pressure on costs and led to the  Marmitegate row between Tesco and Unilever. Grocers like Wm Morrison Supermarkets Plc have said they’re unable to pass along the full effect, but retailers are trying to protect profit margins by eking out increases where they can without sending shoppers packing. Picking Battles Retailers haven’t dared to tinker with the cost of milk, which costs 1 pound ($1.25) for a 2.3-liter carton at all of the U.K.’s major supermarkets. Yet the price of decorative candles rose 29 percent from October through March while light bulbs were up 19 percent and dental floss increased by 17 percent, according to independent price checker MySupermarket.com. “If a retailer raises the price of milk, they won’t just lose that sale, they’ll lose the whole basket,” said Steve Dresser, director of consultancy Grocery Insight. “Retailers have to pick their battles on price.” Grocers run sales and loyalty-card data through price-optimization software to help them figure out which prices they can increase without alienating shoppers. Revionics said it has seen an increase in demand from U.K. retailers since the vote to leave the EU. Retailers typically order their ranges into products that drive sales and those that contribute to profitability, Sullivan said. Shoppers pay careful attention to the cost of frequent purchases, but are less vigilant about occasional splurges, making it easier to increase prices on those goods, she said. Value Perceptions Morrison announced temporary price cuts on staples such as potatoes and fish sticks in January. But the company recently increased the price of ground pepper by more than 10 percent, according to MySupermarket.com. Varying prices in this way taps into consumers’ imperfect perceptions of value, said Ivo Vlaev, professor of behavioural science at Warwick University. Shoppers are concerned with the number of products on which they think they’re getting a good deal, not the total amount they spend, said Vlaev, who conducted research for Tesco. The low prices of Aldi and Lidl, which account for about 12 percent of the U.K.’s grocery spend, exert a gravitational pull. When global food prices soared in 2010, Tesco and other supermarkets increased prices and opened the door for the discounters’ rapid expansion. Painful memories of the retail crisis that followed are restraining grocers this time around, according to TCC Global analyst Bryan Roberts. “The big chains are extremely mindful of not making the same mistake twice,” Roberts said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read United Is Under Fire for Dragging a Passenger Off an Overbooked Flight Tesla Just Passed GM to Become America’s Most Valuable Carmaker Putin Has Eastern Europe Hearing Trump's Call to Arms China Is Playing a $9 Trillion Game of Chicken With Savers A Foreign Threat to U.S. Treasuries That Dwarfs Fed's Debt Hoard Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » D-Mart now the most expensive retailer in the world Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Apple unveils red iPhone D-Mart now the most expensive retailer in the worldRajesh Mascarenhas Investors' fervour for Avenue has shown no signs of easing since March 21 when its shares listed at more than 100% premium to offer price of Rs 299. | ET Bureau | Apr 11, 2017, 09.47 AM IST The shares are up 160% as of Monday , making Avenue the most expensive brick-and-mortar retail stock in the wo... Read More Mumbai: Radhakishan Damani may shun the limelight, but investors in his firm Avenue Supermarts, the owner of D-Mart chain of retail stores, have no such qualms. On Monday, they bought heavily into Avenue shares, boosting its market cap past the Rs 50,000-crore mark and its share price to a new high of Rs 806.80. The shares rose 7% initially before ending the day 3.3% up. Investors' fervour for Avenue has shown no signs of easing since March 21 when its shares listed at more than 100% premium to offer price of Rs 299. The shares are up 160% as of Monday , making Avenue the most expensive brick-and-mortar retail stock in the world on key financial parameters. While giants such as Wal-Mart, Costco, Tesco, Target, Metro and Carrefour among others are trading at a market cap-to-sales ratio of below 1, Avenue is trading at nearly 5.6 times. The market capto-sales ratio measures the premium that investors are willing to pay for future sales. D-Mart's eye-popping valuation and the stock surge have forced analysts and fund managers to warn about irrational exuberance.Though investors don't mind paying a premium for the fastest-growing and most-profitable retail stock in the country, they are finding it difficult to justify the 96 times FY17 multiple for the stock. "The stock with low float is getting into bubble territory" said Sanjiv Bhasin, EVP-markets, IIFL. "We are extremely cautious." The FY18 numbers discount the current market price by 65 times compared with 16.8 times for WalMart, 30.05 times for Costco and Target's 13.33 times. Avenue's sales and market cap are tiny compared with the retail biggies of the world but the fact that investors are willing to pay lavish premium to own the stock is helping the Mumbai-based firm hog the global limelight. "Valuation at nearly 100 PE is not at all justified, but investors are giving Avenue Supermarts a lavish valuation because of its growth visibility and clarity in strategy ," said Daljit Kohli, head of research, IndiaNivesh Securities. "It is a quality play on the Indian retail sector and investors are paying hefty premium as there are limited options to invest in the fast emerging Indian retail sector." Avenue is worth $7.52 billion at end of trading on Monday, more than that of Tata Steel, Cipla, Dr Reddy's, Tech Mahindra, Britannia or Marico. Over the past five years, Avenue's like-for-like sales has grown 20% on an average despite subdued macro environment. Despite new store additions, same store sales growth (SSSG) numbers have not seen any significant moderation, implying healthy performance of the old stores. "From a 12-month perspective, we believe scope for absolute returns is limited, even as long-term investors may continue to own this name given low float and healthy long-term growth prospects," said Latika Chopra, analyst, JP Morgan. "Given limited catalysts for earnings surprise, we do not find room for further re-rating, rather, we highlight potential risks on the downside related to delay in store openings, soft comps growth andor increased investments in e-commerce." Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Bollywood actresses most Googled in 2016 CRITICSUNION Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas 15 Most Beautiful Women In The World CrazyFreelancer More from The Times of India Indian-American enters governor's race in New Jersey Vinod Khanna hospitalised Kapil's alleged ex goes off twitter From the Web More From The Times of India Their happy world was shattered by Cancer!MILAAP 20 Richest Sportsmen in the World (2017)SocialDaft! Bollywood actresses most searched on the InternetCRITICSUNION Baby Girish Needs A Liver Transplant To Live!MILAAP 20 richest actors of the worldSocialDaft! Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Shikha Singh quits 'Kumkum Bhagya' - Times of India Manorama, Irom face of anti-AFSPA protest - Times of India Sachin Tendulkar at MRF Limited in Delhi - Times of India SSU: Gunning for Roses - Times of India ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Jadhav's death sentence is 'premeditated murder', says India in demarche to Pakistan Sometimes Virat Kohli is so aggressive, I feel a bit scared: R Ashwin 'Osama's head had to be put together for identification' Top 20 Perfectly Timed Pictures Ad: SocialDaft! 13 Weirdest Hotels You Can Stay in for Fun Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Sensex ends 131 pts lower; Nifty50 below 9,200 Rising geopolitical concerns, a strengthening rupee, expectations from March quarter earnings and bullish FPI sentiment are likely to swing market mode all through Monday. Govt may soon slash margins under safe harbour rules In a big boost for IT sector, the government is likely to slash margins under safe harbour rules in a month. From around the Web Help Pavan fight Blood Cancer and live! MILAAP Most anticipated action movies of 2017 CRITICSUNION 20 most dangerous animals in the world SocialDaft! 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Lose it like Bhumi Pednekar Sara Ali Khan to have 3 bikini scenes in ‘SOTY2’ Read MoreTech MahindraTata SteelRadhakishan DamaniearningsD-Mart Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Companies turn to online platforms to upskill staff Co-working spaces fast emerging as preferred choice of big corporates Airlines miffed as government revokes flying ban on Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad Real estate sector gets 19 investments worth $3.4 billion in first quarter 1D-Mart now the most expensive retailer in the world 2Companies turn to online platforms to upskill staff 3Co-working spaces fast emerging as preferred choice of big corporates 4Airlines miffed as government revokes flying ban on Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad 5Real estate sector gets 19 investments worth $3.4 billion in first quarter Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Kulbhushan Jadhav Malcolm Turnbull RCB vs KXIP Reliance Jio Flipkart eBay Kulbhushan Yadav IPL Live Score Yogi Adityanath Anna Salai Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web RK Nagar Bypoll MI vs KKR Jio Summer Offer Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Kollywood News Tollywood News Kollywood News Trending topics Yogi Adityanath IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Pionts Table IPL Score PM Modi Sunny Leone Pics xXx Baahubali 2 Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
News Sports Business Real Estate Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us E-edition Newsletters Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Crime Local Databases Education Lakewood Ranch Herald Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Submit a News Tip Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Breaking News Blog I Am Woman Hear Me Write Sports All Sports Rays Spring Training Bucs High Schools FSU UF USF Outdoors Tennis Blogs & Columnists David Wilson Alan Dell Jason Dill Politics Politics Elections Business All Business Real Estate News Retail Small Business Port Manatee Living All Living Food & Drink Health Pets Religion Blogs & Columnists Cooking With Local Chefs Gulf Coast Cooking Cravings by Janelle O'Dea Entertainment All Entertainment Arts & Culture Fairs & Festivals Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Restaurants Local Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Marty Clear Opinion All Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us National April 9, 2017 9:14 AM Packaged salads recalled from Walmart after a dead bat was found inside Mixed Green Salad with Oranges, Dried Cranberries and Pecans. Chris Lee TNS Fresh Express recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix from Walmart stores in the Southeastern United States Saturday. 1 of 2 i By David J. Neal dneal@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Fresh Express recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix from Walmart stores in the Southeastern United States Saturday because a dead bat was found in a packaged salad in Florida. As the U.S. Food & Drug Administration’s recall chart notes, if there’s the possibility of bat body parts, there’s a “minimal risk of rabies contamination.” The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says it’s working with the FDA and the Florida Department of Health to investigate the situation. While Fresh Express’ recall notice tiptoes around the bat issue — “Fresh Express was notified that extraneous animal matter was allegedly found in a single container of the salad” — the CDC had this to say on its website: “Two people in Florida reported eating some of the salad before the bat was found. The bat was sent to the CDC rabies lab for laboratory testing because bats in the United States sometimes have been found to have this disease. The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies.” The CDC did say the risk of rabies transmission is very low, but not zero, so the organization recommended the two eaters of the organic salad begin treatment as if they’d been exposed to rabies. Both report good health so far, according to the CDC. As for the recalled product, it comes in a five-ounce, clear container. The best-by date is April 14, 2017, with production code G089B19. Customers can toss it or return it to the Walmart of purchase. Those with questions can call the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center 800-242-5472 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. In addition to Florida, the salads went to Walmart stores in Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:49 New nonprofit to raise funds for Manatee County Animal Services Pause 1:08 Sarasota police trying to identify early morning bike thief 1:09 RAD News offers two sides to every story 0:55 'Peter and the Starcatcher' at Manatee Players 0:27 Firefighters capture rhino iguana in Miami-Dade 0:41 Sergio Garcia wins his first major at the Masters 2:25 Exploring California bridge via drone 2:30 Remembering legendary comic, Don Rickles 4:36 Neil Gorsuch sworn in as Supreme Court justice 1:27 New marketing study offers tool for economic development of Lakewood Ranch Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email What to do if you think you have a recalled product There are many numbers and dates on the foods, drugs, cosmetics, and other products we use every day. Some help manufacturers track inventory, while others help retailers ensure quality. But when unsafe products must be removed from the market, these numb Credit: U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) David J. Neal: 305-376-3559, @DavidJNeal Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:49 New nonprofit to raise funds for Manatee County Animal Services Pause 1:35 Florida sheriff opts for intimidation in message to heroin dealers 1:30 What to do if you think you have a recalled product 1:09 RAD News offers two sides to every story 0:55 'Peter and the Starcatcher' at Manatee Players 1:08 Sarasota police trying to identify early morning bike thief 0:27 Firefighters capture rhino iguana in Miami-Dade 0:41 Sergio Garcia wins his first major at the Masters 2:30 Remembering legendary comic, Don Rickles 4:36 Neil Gorsuch sworn in as Supreme Court justice Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Exploring California bridge via drone 2:25 4 days ago Exploring California bridge via drone 1:02 4 days ago John Glenn laid to rest at Arlington National Cemetery 0:40 4 days ago Funnel clouds drop down across Georgia View more video National Man’s body is stranded 2 days at airport, makes it home 1 hour before his memorial Alabama governor resigns, pleads guilty to misdemeanors Video of passenger getting dragged off flight sparks uproar This Australian TV news anchor got caught playing with a pen. Her reaction was great. Judge again finds discrimination in Texas' voter ID law Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions E-Edition (Digital Replica) Subscriber Services Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Mobile Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise with Us Shopping Local Deals Special Sections Public Notices Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions E-Edition (Digital Replica) Subscriber Services Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Mobile Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise with Us Shopping Local Deals Special Sections Public Notices More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS D-St update: Adani Power, Archies, Muthoot Capital hit fresh 52-week high Adani Power, Tata Power shares tank up to 16% after SC disallows compensatory tariffs Nifty above 9,200; REC, Saregama, Karuturi Global surge over 7% intraday Akash Prakash, the man who predicted Nifty peak, made money with both hands Sensex surges; Adani Power, Hindustan Composites, Pioneer Distilleries slip over 5% in morning trade Auto pack looks convincing, especially commercial vehicles: Deven Choksey Yuan firms as dollar retreats; Macquarie forecasts no depreciation this year Daman-Gujarat 'merger' talk spooks Delta Corp investors Barclays report puts iron ore in bear grip Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News market stats SENSEX NIFTY 50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) USD/INR Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW D-Mart now the most expensive retailer in the world By Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau | Updated: Apr 11, 2017, 08.21 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ONTech MahindraTata SteelRadhakishan DamaniearningsCiplaBritannia Company Summary NSE BSE Tech Mahindra Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Tata Steel Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Cipla Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Britannia Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Britannia EXPAND TO VIEW ALL Love visual aspect of news?: Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! Mumbai: Radhakishan Damani may shun the limelight, but investors in his firm Avenue Supermarts, the owner of D-Mart chain of retail stores, have no such qualms. On Monday, they bought heavily into Avenue shares, boosting its market cap past the Rs 50,000-crore mark and its share price to a new high of Rs 806.80. The shares rose 7% initially before ending the day 3.3% up. Investors' fervour for Avenue has shown no signs of easing since March 21 when its shares listed at more than 100% premium to offer price of Rs 299. The shares are up 160% as of Monday , making Avenue the most expensive brick-and-mortar retail stock in the world on key financial parameters. While giants such as Wal-Mart, Costco, Tesco, Target, Metro and Carrefour among others are trading at a market cap-to-sales ratio of below 1, Avenue is trading at nearly 5.6 times. The market capto-sales ratio measures the premium that investors are willing to pay for future sales. D-Mart's eye-popping valuation and the stock surge have forced analysts and fund managers to warn about irrational exuberance.Though investors don't mind paying a premium for the fastest-growing and most-profitable retail stock in the country, they are finding it difficult to justify the 96 times FY17 multiple for the stock. “The stock with low float is getting into bubble territory“ said Sanjiv Bhasin, EVP-markets, IIFL. “We are extremely cautious.“ The FY18 numbers discount the current market price by 65 times compared with 16.8 times for WalMart, 30.05 times for Costco and Target's 13.33 times. Avenue's sales and market cap are tiny compared with the retail biggies of the world but the fact that investors are willing to pay lavish premium to own the stock is helping the Mumbai-based firm hog the global limelight. “Valuation at nearly 100 PE is not at all justified, but investors are giving Avenue Supermarts a lavish valuation because of its growth visibility and clarity in strategy ,“ said Daljit Kohli, head of research, IndiaNivesh Securities. “It is a quality play on the Indian retail sector and investors are paying hefty premium as there are limited options to invest in the fast emerging Indian retail sector.“ Avenue is worth $7.52 billion at end of trading on Monday, more than that of Tata Steel, Cipla, Dr Reddy's, Tech Mahindra, Britannia or Marico. Over the past five years, Avenue's like-for-like sales has grown 20% on an average despite subdued macro environment. Despite new store additions, same store sales growth (SSSG) numbers have not seen any significant moderation, implying healthy performance of the old stores. “From a 12-month perspective, we believe scope for absolute returns is limited, even as long-term investors may continue to own this name given low float and healthy long-term growth prospects,“ said Latika Chopra, analyst, JP Morgan. “Given limited catalysts for earnings surprise, we do not find room for further re-rating, rather, we highlight potential risks on the downside related to delay in store openings, soft comps growth andor increased investments in e-commerce.“ Comments(0)Add Comments D-Mart now the most expensive retailer in the world To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Related Articles D-Mart grossly overvalued, steer clear: Rajen Shah, Tradebulls 10 secrets behind the stunning success of D-Mart's Radhakishan Damani D-Mart supermarket chain raises Rs 561 crore D-Mart IPO: Buy now and hold it for the long-term READ MORE ONTech MahindraTata SteelRadhakishan DamaniearningsCiplaBritannia Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Most anticipated action movies of 2017 CRITICSUNION Top 20 Perfectly Timed Pictures SocialDaft! Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation IdeasMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Savings On Appliances You Shouldn't Miss The Home Depot Starting At $189, Powerful Windows 10 Laptops. Shop Now Microsoft Start Your Child's Life Right with This Gerber Life insura.. Gerber Life Insurance Company If You Own a Computer You Must Try This Game Pirates: Free Online Game I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Rupee may surge to 63/$ in a month, hopes of first sovereign rating upgrade in over 6 years: ET Poll Investment tip: How long should you run an SIP? Tech charts show over 70 stocks are ready for big rally; do you own them? This LIC favourite stock delivered over 350% return in 3 years; still a good bet 10 strategies to make money in the next 10 sessions on Dalal Street More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Kings XI Punjab Vs RCB Gold rate today|Sensex Income Tax Slabs|RBI Policy Gold rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Jump to navigation Register / Sign in Subscribe Next Fitness Star Sex & Love Weight Loss Health Fitness Beauty Life Mom Style Food Shop Video Men's Health Challenge Yourself Guide To Your Stomach Active Cities Game Changers Lose Your Belly Vagina University Best Sex Positions Ever Lift to Get Lean WH Promotions & Events Recipes Retailer Program Give a Gift Customer Service FAQS Contact Us Media Kit Privacy Policy Terms of Use Manage Email Preferences Amazon Affiliate Terms Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. No reproduction, transmission or display is permitted without the written permissions of Rodale Inc. Privacy Policy.   About Us. Enter the terms you wish to search for. Health Fitness Dance Your Way Fit Weight Loss Subscribe Subscribe You’ll Never Believe What 2 People In Florida Just Found In Their Bagged Salad This is DISGUSTING. By Korin Miller April 10, 2017 Subscribe X Close State/Province AB AL AK AS AZ AR AA AE AP BC CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA MB ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NB NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND NL NT NS NU MP OH OK ON OR PW PA PE QC RI SC SD SK TN TX VI UT VT VA WA WV WI WY YT Your Privacy Rights Subscribe X Close State/Province AB AL AK AS AZ AR AA AE AP BC CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA MB ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NB NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND NL NT NS NU MP OH OK ON OR PW PA PE QC RI SC SD SK TN TX VI UT VT VA WA WV WI WY YT Your Privacy Rights When you buy a bagged salad, it’s kind of a given that sometimes you’ll end up with a few extras in your mix. Maybe a random carrot will sneak into your spinach, or a rogue radish will pop up in your romaine. But two people in Florida found a dead BAT inside the bagged salad they’d purchased at Walmart—after they had already eaten some of the greens. That prompted the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to launch an investigation and do a regional recall of Fresh Express Organic Marketside Spring Mix Salad. In a press release for the recall, Fresh Express says that "extraneous animal matter was allegedly found in a single container of the salad,” but the CDC confirmed in a media statement that it was a bat. Advertisement Advertisement SO THIS HAPPENED Keep this field blank Enter your email address You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us The bat was shipped to a CDC rabies lab, because bats are commonly associated with the disease. However, the bat was so decayed that experts could not determine whether it actually had rabies. Yikes. RELATED: So, Your Salmon Might Secretly Be Full Of Tapeworms “Transmission of rabies by eating a rabid animal is extremely uncommon, and the virus does not survive very long outside of the infected animal,” the CDC states in its press release. However, because the risk isn’t zero, the two people who ate salad from the package that contained the bat were given post-rabies treatment, just to be on the safe side. Looking for a safer lunch option? Try our pita pizzas: If you eat this type of bagged salad, don’t completely freak out: The CDC says they’re not aware of any other reports of “bat material” found in other packaged salads. The recalled salads were only sold at Walmarts in the Southeast U.S., and all packages from the same lot as the bat-infested greens have been pulled from shelves. Fresh Express said in its press release about the recall that the company takes “matters of food safety very seriously and rigorously complies with all food safety regulations.” The company also thoroughly washes and filters its foods and visually inspects them to “eliminate unwanted debris,” they said. According to the CDC, neither patient has any signs of rabies. Tags: need to know Privacy Policy  |  About Us Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from... {* loginWidget *} With a traditional account... {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} By logging in, you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome back! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Deactivated Account Your account has been deactivated. Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} By clicking "Sign in", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} I have read and agree to the terms of use and privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Edit Your Account Profile Photo {* photoManager *} Linked Accounts {* linkedAccounts *} {* #linkAccountContainer *} Link your accounts Allows you to sign in to your account using that provider in the future. {* loginWidget *} {* /linkAccountContainer *} Password Change Password Deactivate Account Deactivate Account Account Info {* #editProfileForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* gender *} {* birthdate *} {* displayName *} {* emailAddress *} {* resendLink *} {* phone *} {* addressStreetAddress1 *} {* addressStreetAddress2 *} {* addressCity *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* addressState *} {* addressCountry *} {* savedProfileMessage *} {* /editProfileForm *} Change password {* #changePasswordForm *} {* currentPassword *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordForm *} Deactivate your Account Are you sure you want to deactivate your account? You will no longer have access to your profile. {* deactivateAccountForm *} No {* /deactivateAccountForm *} Almost Done! Please provide the information below before signing in. {* #requiredFieldsForm *} {* displayName *} {* backButton *} {* /requiredFieldsForm *} PREV NEXT Ad Blocker Detected Advertising helps us give you all the fitness, health, and weight-loss intel you love—and more. Enter your email or disable your ad blocker to get access to all of the great content on Keep this field blank You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Last call for mobile vet center at Wal-Mart April 10, 2017 • Editorial April 19 is a special date for area [auth] veterans. A ceremony in Artesia and a special visit of the VA Mobile Vet Center van to Roswell and at the Artesia ceremonies is planned. This is “last call” for a special commemoration marking the 50th Anniversary of our war in Vietnam. The ceremony for all southeastern New Mexico veterans will be on April 19, at 11 a.m. in Artesia at the Artesia center, located at 612 N. Eighth St. This will be the fourth ceremony presented by the New Mexico Department of Veterans Services (NMDVS) as part of a nationwide initiative directed by the U.S. Department of Defense. A 50th Anniversary commemorative pin and a certificate of appreciation for their military service will be given to the veterans and family members of deceased Vietnam War-era veterans. It is extremely important that you contact NMDVS Roswell-based Veterans Service Officer Richard Moncrief at richard.moncrief@state.nm.us or (575) 824-6086, to register for the event. You, or a member of your family, will need to present a copy of your DD214 (discharge certificate) in order to verify your dates of service during the Vietnam era. This nationwide commemorative effort makes no distinction between veterans who served in-country, in-theater, or were stationed elsewhere during the Vietnam War era. All answered the call of duty. This special ceremony will honor all Vietnam War-era veterans, their families, and (families of deceased Vietnam War-era veterans) from southeastern New Mexico/the Pecos Valley. If you do not have a copy of your DD214, this is a perfect opportunity to obtain this all important document for your files. The DD Form 214 is filed in the Official Military Personnel File (OMPF). Most veterans and their next-of-kin can request copies of their DD Form 214 online at archives.gov/veterans/military-service-records/index.html), or call the customer service staff at 314-801-0800. On the same day of the 50th ceremonies, the Las Cruces Mobile Vet Center will be parked at Roswell’s Wal-Mart from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. Following the Artesia ceremonies, the van will be open for business back in Roswell (Wal-Mart) from 3 to 5 p.m. The LC Mobile Vet Center provides outreach services to eligible veterans and their family members. Veterans with questions or concerns about veterans’ benefits, advice on filing veteran claims and virtually “all things veteran” can visit with Sam Jones at the mobile center. The Vet Center and its mobile van are services provided by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. For more information, contact the Las Cruces Vet Center, 230 S. Water St., Las Cruces, NM 88001 or call 575-523-9826. In closing, I can’t pass up the opportunity to clear up a tremendous misconception about the war in Vietnam by someone who was there. I’ve heard it being said over and over that we lost the war in Vietnam. Poppycock! Believe me, I have heard it said in much more demonstrative lingo. Let’s be clear and direct. Presidents Johnson and Nixon, the Senate of the U.S. and the U.S. House of Representatives lost the war in a clearly visible team effort. When politicians of that era (and frankly any other era) saw they were starting to look bad after failed “piece negotiations” by Johnson and Nixon, and then they themselves looked really bad after they cut off funding to the soldiers for silly little things like ammunition, food, combat support vehicles, medical support, replacement troops for our brothers and sisters who were just killed, and much, much more serious tools of engagement such as minor artillery support from the battleship New Jersey. Let me see if I can prove my allegation. Our combat unit was directed to take an enemy stronghold on a well-defended “hill” this side of Cambodia. We did so decisively, not losing a single man. We did so four separate times.Once we took the hill, peace negotiations were started. We were instructed to return to base camp. Oops, peace talks broke down, the enemy had moved back in, and we retook the same objective — four times, folks. In all, we had been directed to defeat the enemy 28 times, and we did so 27 straight times. Oh, we didn’t lose that one not in the wins column. When we reached that particular objective, Charlie had quickly left before we got there. So, in just a small comparison, U.S. soldiers — 28 and U.S. presidents/Congress — 0. Don’t ever let anyone say “we” lost the war! Our politicians lost the war — hands down. God bless. ——— John Taylor, a 25-year resident of Roswell, is a retired Vietnam vet paratrooper, DAV, vice-commander of the Military Order of Purple Heart and a former health-care executive. He may be reached at skytroopjhtay@gmail.com. Related Posts About the Author: - RDR Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Benita Acosta Roswell family teams up for unique race » Business Review GTO Beef Jerky Dining Guide Peppers Grill & Bar Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years Bills flounder on both transparency, secrecy in New Mexico April 10, 2017 New Mexico congresswoman raises $892K for gubernatorial bid April 10, 2017 Border agency: Driver, agents exchange gunfire at checkpoint April 10, 2017 The Intel plant in Rio Rancho continues to shed jobs April 10, 2017 Shipping resumes to only US underground nuclear waste dump April 10, 2017 New Mexico Supreme Court to hear bond amendment arguments April 8, 2017 High winds, blowing dust causing problems across Southwest April 8, 2017 New Mexico medical pot board wants to add health conditions April 8, 2017 New Mexico governor draws line against tax-and-spend bills April 7, 2017 New Mexico outlaws lunch-debt stigma at public schools April 7, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Ad Specifications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Former Microsoft executive joins LiveTiles to spearhead US operations Former Microsoft executive joins LiveTiles to spearhead US operations Doug Caywood responsible for global consumer packaged goods and retail strategy Holly Morgan (ARN) 11 April, 2017 10:41 - - - - print email Distributors Arrow ECS ANZ Avnet Technology Solutions Bluechip Infotech BMS Technology Dicker Data Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Multimedia Technology rhipe Synnex XiT Distribution Comments Innovation and Experience Lead, Kendra Bluhm and Vice President of Central USA, Global CPG and Retail, Doug Caywood Australian-listed digital workplace software business, LiveTiles (ASX:LVT), has expanded its operations to the US, appointing former Microsoft executive, Doug Caywood as vice president central USA to target the centre states. According to LiveTiles, as central US is home to 27 per cent of the Fortune 500, the region represents a large and growing opportunity for LiveTiles as it looks to continue to grow its enterprise base and further penetrate the US market. In the role, Caywood will be responsible for leading LiveTiles relationships with major companies within the consumer packaged goods (CPG) sector, managing LiveTiles existing CPG customers such as PepsiCo and Nike. He will also utilise his pre-existing relationships to capture additional market share in looking to build out its blue chip enterprise client base. The company said that Caywood brings a deep level of expertise to the new role. As former worldwide consumer goods industry director at Microsoft, Caywood managed CPG customer relationships, set strategy and delivered solutions to some of the world’s largest CPG companies. As such, he also brings well-established connections to the new role and a strong understanding of LiveTiles target customers. Prior to Microsoft, Caywood served at Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (HPE) and EMC. “As someone who has spent a lot of my career working closely with large consumer packaged goods clients and developing innovative solutions that meet their specific needs and requirements, I was instantly convinced that LiveTiles’ offering had huge potential,” he said. Read more LiveTiles records loss of $13.2M for 2016 financial year “I’m excited to be joining the team and truly believe this is an innovative product. I’m keen to start growing LiveTiles’ operations in the central US.” LiveTiles co-founder and chief executive, Karl Redenbach, said having Caywood on board, following such a high profile role at Microsoft, provides the strongest endorsement of LiveTiles’ product offering and potential. “Caywood will be responsible for an enormous region in the US and for building out our offering, targeting some of the world’s largest consumer packaged goods companies, and fostering relationships with our existing blue chip customer base.” Caywood’s appointment comes as LiveTiles also brings former Walmart executive, Kendra Bluhm, onboard as innovation and experience lead. Read more LiveTiles launches new workplace design tool Formerly, one of Walmart’s senior data analytics managers, Bluhm lead a team that was responsible for driving analytics across Walmart’s key strategic business functions to provide insights and recommend improvements across the organisation. She also has a background in IT security, IT management and systems integration, having overseen numerous technology implementation projects. “As an avid user of the LiveTiles software, I am a strong believer in the strength of the offering. It is a real game change for enterprises and how they can build out their digital workspaces," said Bluhm. "I’m really excited to be part of such an innovative company and looking forward to playing an active role in being part of its overall success,” she said. Subscribe here for up-to-date channel news Arrow APEX Puts Partners in F1 Pole Position More from Arrow ECS Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags PepsicoLiveTilesMicrosoftDoug CaywoodWalMartNikeKarl Redenbach Read next Paul McClure leaves Commvault for UltraServe Microsoft creates 120 jobs with new Sydney Inside Sales Centre Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne Kaspersky Lab hosted partners during the opening Formula One race of the season, at the Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne. Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne ARN kicks off Awards season with 2017 Judges' Lunch ARN kick-started the 2017 awards season with its annual Judges’ Lunch in Sydney, welcoming current and new judges to the panel. Set for September 14, the ARN ICT Industry Awards will honour the channel across vendor, distributor and partner categories, while also rewarding outstanding individuals and their achievements. Photos by Maria Stefina. ARN kicks off Awards season with 2017 Judges' Lunch ARN Roundtable - Chasing channel dollars in cloud security This exclusive ARN Roundtable, in association with Symantec, assessed the cloud security landscape in an Australian context, outlining the partner opportunities ahead and crucially, how the channel can create value in an ever-changing market. Photos by Maria Stefina. ARN Roundtable - Chasing channel dollars in cloud security Related Whitepapers Case Study | Protecting customers' data with all-in-one solution from Solarwinds MSP Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Aussie businesses hit with $589,000 in damages over pirated software use   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 12:30PM Megaport launches new marketplace for technology providers 10:52AM nbn shakes up rollout mix, again 10:31AM ​Westpac joins Samsung Pay 10:45AM ShoreTel to promote Ben Swanson to A/NZ regional director More News South Australia coughs up $394M for DXC Technology outsourcing deal nbn shakes up rollout mix, again ARN Events 16 May Emerging Leaders 2017 30 Jul EDGE 2017 14 Sep ARN ICT Industry Awards 2017 Industry Events 25 May ManageEngine Seminar: Bring IT together 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Anyone in a Relationship Should Use This Online Tool – Enter Any Name Home | Newsfront Tags: Donald Trump | Paul Ryan | tax coalition | lawmakers | congressional recess | paul ryan | anti-border tax Anti-Border Tax Coalition to Target Lawmakers During Congressional Recess House Speaker Paul Ryan. (Photo by Zach Gibson/Getty Images) Monday, 10 Apr 2017 08:43 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Opponents of a proposal to create a U.S. border tax on imported goods are targeting lawmakers in their home states for the next two weeks while Congress is in recess, according to organizers of the lobbying effort. The anti-border tax coalition, known as Americans for Affordable Products, includes large corporations that require imports like automakers and retail giants like Target , Best Buy and Walmart. The tax opponents will target 40 members of Congress in 11 states, said coalition spokesman Joshua Baca. "We're talking to businesses, local associations, having a frank conversation with them about how dumb this idea is," Baca said. His group argues the proposal will raise consumer prices. As part of a total overhaul of the U.S. tax code, Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan has proposed lowering the corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, imposing a 20 percent tax on imports and excluding export revenue from taxable income. The proposal has some strong corporate backers who say it will boost American jobs and not raise prices, including companies that do considerable amount of exporting, such as Boeing, Caterpillar and Pfizer. The anti-border tax group is planning to host a town hall meeting next week in Nevada with Republican Senator Dean Heller, which will also be co-sponsored by local business groups and Americans For Prosperity, the conservative group funded by the Republican Koch brothers which also opposes the border tax. Town hall meetings have gained more attention recently as events featuring Republican lawmakers have been targeted by activists to voice their opposition to several proposals, including repealing the Affordable Care Act which widened health insurance coverage for about 20 million Americans. Additionally, the anti-tax group will hold a discussion in Ohio with Republican Representative David Joyce, where he will hear from local furniture store owners who would be affected by a border tax, Baca said. Concurrently, members of the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is comprised of large retailers like Autozone , Walgreens Boot Alliance, Inc. and J.C. Penny Company, are using the recess to give members of Congress behind-the-scenes tours of both their headquarters and stores in an effort to persuade them against the tax, spokesman Brian Dodge said. Both groups are hoping to make more voters aware of their position and are armed with an opinion poll by a pollster who also works for several Republican members of Congress. The poll, shared first with Reuters and which was conducted with funding from opponents of the tax, found 63 percent of voters are against the tax, including 70 percent of women. Additionally, the poll makes the case that 56 percent of voters say they would be less likely to vote for a member of Congress who supports the tax proposal.  © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront Opponents of a proposal to create a U.S. border tax on imported goods are targeting lawmakers in their home states for the next two weeks while Congress is in recess, according to organizers of the lobbying effort. tax coalition, lawmakers, congressional recess, paul ryan, anti-border tax, taxes 456 Monday, 10 Apr 2017 08:43 PM 2017-43-10 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Russia Could Soon Take Control of US Energy Company Citgo Monday, 10 Apr 2017 22:43 PM Russia could soon control an American energy company, CNN reports. . . . At Least 2 Dead in Apparent Murder-Suicide Shooting in Calif. Elementary School Monday, 10 Apr 2017 14:09 PM For Elizabeth Barajas it had been an hours-long nightmare waiting to learn the fate of the daughter she had dropped off  . . . Syrian Chemical Attack Survivor Calls Assad 'Worse Than Hitler' Monday, 10 Apr 2017 22:20 PM A Syrian man who survived a 2013 chemical weapons attack in his home country said President Bashar al-Assad is worse tha . . . More Most Commented US Attacks Syrian Air Base with Cruise Missiles Friday, 07 Apr 2017 | 1157 comments For those that are old enough to remember, Reagan did the same thing to... Trump to NY Times: Susan Rice May Have Committed a Crime Wednesday, 05 Apr 2017 | 744 comments I just love the way President Trump plays with the media and they are so... Russia, Iran Warn US: Cross 'Red Lines' Again, 'We Will Respond With Force' Sunday, 09 Apr 2017 | 615 comments Putin showing his true colors, when Assad get's slapped upside the head... Russia Warns of 'Extremely Serious' Consequences From US Strike in Syria Saturday, 08 Apr 2017 | 576 comments But aren't we supposed to believe that Putin interfered in the election... Report: Mulvaney Will Inform Federal Agencies to Plan on Major Cuts Monday, 10 Apr 2017 | 489 comments It about time we started applying basic budgeting of the corporate world... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
menu Sections Tuesday, April 11, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION newsinfo / World share this Vampire greens: Dead bat found in Florida salad Agence France-Presse / 09:17 AM April 11, 2017 An undated handout photo released by Nature magazine on August 2, 2011, shows a vampire bat, Desmodus rotundus. AFP PHOTO / NATURE MAGAZINE / PASCUAL SORIANO MIAMI, United States — US health authorities on Monday studied the remains of a dead bat discovered inside a prepackaged salad mix sold in Florida for possible traces of the deadly rabies virus. The Fresh Express company, a subsidiary of Chiquita Brands, announced a “precautionary recall of a limited number of cases” of their prepackaged Organic Marketside Spring Mix, which had been distributed to Walmart stores across the southwestern United States. The company issued the recall on Saturday when it learned “that extraneous animal matter was allegedly found” in a salad container. ADVERTISEMENT “Out of an abundance of caution, all salads manufactured in the same production run are being recalled,” Fresh Express said, failing to describe the offending “animal matter.” The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention(CDC) said it was working with the Florida health department and the US Food and Drug Administration “to support an investigation of a dead bat” found in the  packaged salad sold at “a grocery store in Florida.” The bat carcass however was in poor condition. “The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies,” which is endemic to the creatures across the United States, the CDC said. CDC spokesman Thomas Skinner told AFP on Monday that the chances of rabies contagion from a dead animal are very low. CBB play_circle_filled Duterte to seek Middle East leaders' help in attaining Mindanao peace April 10, 2017 play_circle_filled Duterte to China: We mean no harm, we are friends April 10, 2017 play_circle_filled Duterte vows to bring home 5,000 OFWs from Jeddah April 10, 2017 play_circle_filled Duterte hits Valdez, says local farmers should be prioritized April 10, 2017 TAGS: bat, Chiquita Brands, Florida, Food, Fresh Express, news, salad For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo Lascañas to testify on drug killings April 11, 2017 newsinfo ‘God knows who his killers are’ April 10, 2017 newsinfo Drug war sends OFW rushing home for son who ‘couldn’t run’ April 9, 2017 newsinfo Highest-paid government men April 11, 2017 newsinfo India news anchor learns of husband’s death on live TV April 10, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
Connect with us: Home Monster Energy NASCAR Series Page Race Central RSS XFINITY Series Series Page Race Central RSS Camping World Truck Series Series Page Race Central RSS Other Series Series Page Press Release RSS RSS Complete Feed Monster Energy NASCAR XFINITY Series Camping World Truck Series Other Series Press Release (All Series) News NASCAR Photography NASCAR Other Series Weekend Schedule Advertising Advertise With Us! Links Contact Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Join Us Advertise With Us! Observations From My Daughter’s First NASCAR Race by Joseph Shelton On Mon, Apr. 10, 2017 Tweet Photo Courtesy: Joseph Shelton Every father who is a NASCAR fan can agree with me on this. You want to pass that love down to your children. You want them to be able to revel in it the way you do. You want them to enjoy the noise, the commotion, the fight of it all. You want them to understand those weekends where you were in front of the television, reading the magazines, or talking about it with your buddies. In short, you want to see them become a fan. Last year, I wrote about my time covering the June Camping World Truck Series race at Texas Motor Speedway and how huge it was for me. How it was a dream come true to be able to go down there and experience being on the front lines as a reporter. It was at that time I started considering taking my oldest daughter, Meredith, along for the ride the next time I went. November was a no-go, sadly, due to threatening weather, but with the April 2017 race weekend looking promising, I enlisted the assistance of my father to come along with us and keep an eye on Meredith. Another reason I wanted Meredith to come along was that it was her birthday weekend. Her birthday is April 11, so this weekend was close enough I figured I could do double duty; gather content and enjoy the day with her. It didn’t hurt that Disney was bringing their Cars 3 tour to the track. I figured she’d get a kick out of that. All said, it was looking like a full day was in store for her. My dad showed up late the night before. Meredith’s two younger siblings, Aeris and Dexter, were already fast asleep so greetings were short and sweet. Meredith was happy to see her Grandpa Don, but with an early day the next day we all rushed quickly to bed. At 6:30 the next morning the three of us were up, and an hour later, following a stop for goodies at Walmart and a McDonald’s breakfast, we were on the road. Meredith sat in the back, at first talking Grandpa’s ear off. Any notion I had of her not being excited went out the window. Thing is, Meredith isn’t a sports fan. She knows enough to know who Jimmie Johnson is and who Danica Patrick is, and if a driver wins they do a large, smoky burnout, but other than yet I’m the only sports person in our household. Meredith was bright-eyed and bushy-tailed for the day. Photo Courtesy: Joseph Shelton But on this trip, she unleashed a barrage few nine-year-olds have been able to achieve, firing off a rapid-fire barrage of news, jokes, and questions about the day, making it obvious she was in fact excited for the race. At first, I thought Grandpa Don would be overwhelmed, but if anything, he seemed to be enjoying it, matching her laugh for laugh and joke for joke. If there is any cosmic truth out there regarding grandparents and grandkids, it’s this. There is nothing too much for grandparents to handle. Anything grandkids have to offer, grandparents take it with ease. After awhile the conversation lapsed into the usual with me and my father while Meredith returned to her iPad. My father backed my brief racing career in high school, so we talked about old faces, old friends, the competition at Thunder Valley Raceway Park in Noble, Oklahoma, things like that. But once we left 287 for 114 East in Rhome, the excitement started taking over. Before too long we could see the speedway looming on the horizon, a high-speed Valhalla for fan and competitor alike. So many variables were at play on the day. The stage racing, the new repave, all of which were looking like it was going to make for an interesting day. I gave directions to my father on the easiest way to get to the credential office. Race day traffic is not fun, as many fans may know. But somehow, it seems that in Fort Worth they make traffic mixups an art. Shove the traffic one way and let them figure it out themselves. Oh, you need to go east? Well go west, young man, and figure it out! I’m almost positive Edward Scissorhands designed the traffic plans for race day. We did something of a bell end. We got onto I-35 and made like we were going to Fort Worth proper. Afterward, we turned around and went the other way on I-35. The trick is to avoid the congestion where the gas stations are at and get onto the overpass near Turn 3 of the speedway. Once you make it across and take a left, go to the first entrance to the campgrounds and use that road to the credential office. Took 10 minutes instead of 40, and saved several tense moments full of swearing and single-digit salutes. Meredith was happy to be out of the truck after the ride, and while I received my credentials she went with Grandpa Don to get her wristbands for the infield. Maybe it helps that the ticket office has a souvenir shop; she ended up with a No. 48 diecast among other things. That’s another thing I noted. When someone isn’t a complete NASCAR fan, they stick with what they know. It’s natural and hopefully a good first step to NASCAR fandom. We had our souvenirs, we had our credentials and wristbands, and we had our Paddock Parking Pass. A brief drive took us into the Paddock Parking, where my father parked his pickup in between the first and second turns, with a stellar view of the action in the corners. I had to go get set up, so I left Meredith and Grandpa Don and made my way to the Press Box high above the speedway. Meredith had been looking forward to going to see the Cars 3 exhibit, and before this day was done I had every intention of taking her there. But first, a detour down pit road and the garage to see if anything big was going on. Afterward a trip onto the frontstretch to see how the new repave looked. Smooth as glass. Photo courtesy: Joseph Shelton While I did all of this, Meredith and Grandpa Don hung out and seemed to have a good time. At one point as I walked toward the track I looked back and saw them on the cab of the truck, both knocking back a Dr. Pepper. I felt a sense of relief at that. My father and I are both NASCAR fans, veterans of many race trips. But with us, we had someone who wasn’t really a fan. When that’s the case you have to tread lightly sometimes; a good time at a race could become a bad time. Seeing my daughter having a good time with her grandpa made that weight a little easier to deal with. Once settled in the Press Box I hooked up my computer at my perch close to the window just to see if I could see them near the entrance tunnel to the speedway. Just barely: Two black dots atop a gold pickup. They hadn’t left their perch, and that said I felt a lot more at ease. She was having a good time and her Grandpa Don was keeping pace with her. So I waited a bit before I went down there. Fort Worth’s the home to some of the best barbecue in Texas, Hard Eight. They did the catering there two of the three times I’ve been there as part of the media, so a quick glance in the conference room of the Press Box yielded several plates of that manna from heaven. I scarfed down a plate before heading back there. It was time to take her down the Fan Zone. To say that I’m grateful that the walk from where they were parked to the Fan Zone was short is an understatement. I was pretty happy to see the first exhibit we came across was the Cars 3 exhibit. What I should’ve known though was that the line wrapped almost around the exhibit and toward one of the gates to the stands. The exhibit wasn’t going to be a free-roam exhibit; rather, it was a long, ridiculous line in the hot son. Meredith and I both agreed to come back later. From there it was off to the Team Chevy exhibit. We got pictures of Justin Allgaier’s car (“I don’t know who that is.”), Austin Dillon’s car (“Isn’t he the guy who landed upside down that one time?”), and Jimmie Johnson’s car (“Is he going to drive that back into the track here in a minute?”). My father and I took shots of the 454-cubic inch display motor they had on hand as well as the 383 Stroker motor, but once we got over our essential gearheadedness we took shots of Meredith behind the wheel of the Corvette they had on hand. “Think Mom will be up for getting me one of these when I turn 16?” Photo Courtesy: Joseph Shelton From there, it was off to the Coca-Cola exhibit, then off to the AAA Insurance exhibit, where a spin of the wheel netted her some more swag. Before long she was carrying a decent-sized grab bag with junk from various vendors. But it wasn’t long before we needed to be back for the green flag. We made our way back to the truck, almost stopping at the Cars 3 exhibit again when we saw that the line had shortened considerably. We decided against stopping, a decision that would bite us in the end. We got back in time to catch the National Anthem, where Meredith got the surprise of her young life when the flyover happened, almost splitting her eardrums. She made it a point to screw in her ear plugs while Grandpa Don searched for a good spot along the fence to get a good view of the cars barreling into the corner. This was the moment I had been waiting for. Race fans who have been to multiple races know that sensation, of the cars going through the gears when the flag drops. Of the rising scream that shakes the world both outside of you and inside. Of that crescendo that blocks all coherent thought and understanding, that leaves you helpless to it. As a father and a fan, I wanted Meredith to feel that. I figured if she felt that and experienced that, she would understand why I do what I do, why I watch it and keep track of it, so on and so forth. Can you blame me? As a parent, could you understand why I was wanting to bring her into the fold? We made our way into between a couple of motorhomes and up to the fence as the cars pulled onto the track. Meredith was quick to point out Jimmie Johnson to me, jumping up and down with excitement as she saw his No. 48 car pulling onto the banking. I got my camera ready because not only did I want to get the cars, I wanted to get her reaction as well. Before the storm. Photo Courtesy: Joseph Shelton The green flag dropped, we could hear the rise of the sound as they tore into the first turn. I turned to her to get her reaction and… …meh. I leaned in closer to make sure I got her reaction right. Sure enough, her reaction was “meh.” A litany of questions came to mind. Does she not like it? Is she not having fun? Is she bored? A quick grin from her assured me she was still having a good time but just didn’t feel that rush. I figured, hey, she’s just a kid. Give her a few years. We went back to the truck and I promised her and Grandpa Don I’d be back later, but now I was off to the Press Box. There was more barbecue waiting when I got back, and considering in Texas you never turn down good barbecue, I dug into plate number two. I sporadically checked where my father and Meredith were sitting, and I saw both of them perched back on the cab of the truck, no doubt digging into the Pringles and knocking back some Dr. Pepper as promised. I watched from the Press Box, keeping an eye on the action as well and watching Ryan Blaney run away with the lead. I was also keeping an eye on the clock because come whatever may, Meredith was going to get to visit the Cars 3 exhibit. Not long after the start of the second stage, I stepped out to take her over there. Well, by the time we got there the line was back to its normal length – which was an absurd length. We ended up spending the majority of the second stage of the race and well into the beginning of the third stage in the line to get our pictures with the cast of Cars 3. Honestly speaking, Disney could have done better regarding line control. We spent a little over 100 laps in this line, both Meredith’s patience and my own being tested. Didn’t help that we were slowly turning into lobsters by the sun. We were finally let in and joined the line to get pictures with the cars, FaceTiming Meredith’s younger sister Aeris, who is obsessed with all things Cars related, so the wait wasn’t a total loss. We spoke with a Disney worker who told us about the cars being actual race cars at one point, as well as why they had to stop it being an open exhibit (something regarding minor cosmetic damage to the cars). After the pictures, we skipped out on the theater exhibit which was showing the first 12 minutes of the movie, but we did get our picture taken at the Crest toothpaste portion of the exhibit and Meredith did get a birthday smoothie, so her mood was starting to rise again. The visit wasn’t a complete loss at all in that case. Photo Courtesy: Crest + Oral-B, Cars 3 exhibit We got back to the truck with less than 100 laps to go. Grandpa Don had acquired a couple of guests at the truck, a young tattooed couple who were lost and attending their first NASCAR race. My father has always been a helpful guy, and as a result, they were more than happy to share their beer with him and myself. He gleefully accepted while I turned down the beer and instead took Meredith on a quick run to Fuzzy’s Taco Shop in the infield. We live near a Fuzzy’s, so it’s something of a thing for us. Meredith loves her usual chips and queso, which in Fuzzy’s case we’re pretty sure is heaven sent. Afterward, she was dropped with Grandpa Don for the final time, where she resumed her perch on the cab of the truck while I went back to grab my stuff from the Press Box (but not before stopping there to load up a plate with nachos and cheese). After I left I made my way to pit road for the end of the race. The finish was undoubtedly everything the track was looking for. It was a good race at the end, with Johnson taking the checkered. I was able to snap off some shots at his pit stall while his crew celebrated and he celebrated on the frontstretch. I was also hoping that with the No. 48 taking the checkered Meredith was taking note, hopefully enjoying the fact that the driver she picked ended up winning. An attempt to get some interviews on pit road didn’t pan out as I had hoped, so a quick stop in the Media Center and a write-up on the race capped off the day. I joined Meredith and Grandpa Don in the truck, where Meredith was casually playing with her No. 48 car and I told Grandpa Don about the post-race. Now, you may think our adventures were over at this point, but once again, it’s all but a given that Elmer Fudd designed the post-race traffic control. That’s not to say I don’t like Fort Worth PD by any means. I respect the badge. I don’t respect the efforts to just shove the traffic in one direction and hope for the best. So for several colorful minutes and many colorful miles, our frustration became a running joke between us three as we chose different words for the situation and several possible ideas as to who could have come up with the traffic plans. Frustrated words became giggles and laughs among us three as Meredith (at this point highly sugared up) and Grandpa Don traded jokes back and forth. I couldn’t help but notice that despite some of the day’s setbacks, Meredith was in pretty high spirits. Therefore I took the time to talk to her about the day. “I’d give the day a six on a scale of one to 10,” she told me from the back seat once we were finally back on 287. It was a rating I still found decent for her first time. “I didn’t like waiting in the line at the Cars 3 exhibit (her red complexion backing up that statement). But I did like that the cars weren’t that loud. I also liked that we had Fuzzy’s in the infield. But I really liked that Jimmie Johnson won.” I took that and held onto it. She wasn’t sitting in the truck griping or complaining. If anything I took her comments to be indicative of a good time. I couldn’t help but ask the next question I had on my mind. “Would you come with me again?” I asked her. She gave me a perfect little goofy nine-year-old grin. “Yeah.” ** The opinions expressed on this site are not necessarily those of the publisher. All comments other than website related problems need to be directed to the author. (c)SpeedwayMedia.com. ** Other posts by this author -- Total Posts (64) Johnson Wins at Texas; Dominant Blaney Fin... One on One with XFINITY Series Driver Ryan... Dispute Between Henderson, Drivers Regardi... Winless Streak Doesn’t Define Wallac... Restrictor Plates at Indianapolis Motor Sp... Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. (Required) (Will not be published) (Required) Recent Featured Posts: Observations From My Daughter’s First NASCAR Race The Final Word – Texas proves Johnson not done yet…as if any sane person believed he was Johnson Wins at Texas; Dominant Blaney Finishes 12th NXS Recap: Erik Jones dominates at Texas for NASCAR XFINITY Series win Like us on Facebook Home Monster Energy NASCAR Series Page Race Central RSS XFINITY Series Series Page Race Central RSS Camping World Truck Series Series Page Race Central RSS Other Series Series Page Press Release RSS RSS Complete Feed Monster Energy NASCAR XFINITY Series Camping World Truck Series Other Series Press Release (All Series) News NASCAR Photography NASCAR Other Series Weekend Schedule Advertising Advertise With Us! Links Contact Contact SM Staff Privacy Policy Join Us Advertise With Us! RSS FACEBOOK TWITTER INSTAGRAM LINK PARTNERS (Interested? Inquire!) At The Track Racing.com Carnut Heaven MGT NFRL 2008 Speedway Motorsports Spin Out Zone The Speedzine.com The Sunday Hauler Follow @SpeedwayMedia Copyright © SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved. - Partner of USA TODAY Sports Digital Properties.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, April 11, 2017 2:57 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 31°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery World Vampire greens: dead bat found in Florida prepackaged salad Tuesday April 11, 2017 08:19 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Alabama governor resigns over humiliating sex scandal The Edit: Bradley Cooper has revealed the name of his first child Joint US, Canada and Mexico bid to host 2026 World Cup (VIDEO) The Edit: How Peter Capaldi is preparing for his last season of ‘Doctor Who’ Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The company issued the recall on Saturday when it learned that extraneous animal matter was allegedly found in a salad container. — File picMIAMI, April 11 — US health authorities yesterday studied the remains of a dead bat discovered inside a prepackaged salad mix sold in Florida for possible traces of the deadly rabies virus. The Fresh Express company, a subsidiary of Chiquita Brands, announced a “precautionary recall of a limited number of cases” of their prepackaged Organic Marketside Spring Mix, which had been distributed to Walmart stores across the southwestern United States. The company issued the recall on Saturday when it learned “that extraneous animal matter was allegedly found” in a salad container. “Out of an abundance of caution, all salads manufactured in the same production run are being recalled,” Fresh Express said, failing to describe the offending “animal matter.” The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said it was working with the Florida health department and the US Food and Drug Administration “to support an investigation of a dead bat” found in the  packaged salad sold at “a grocery store in Florida.” The bat carcass however was in poor condition. “The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies,” which is endemic to the creatures across the United States, the CDC said.  CDC spokesman Thomas Skinner told AFP yesterday that the chances of rabies contagion from a dead animal are very low. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Trump to speak at conservative forum, as some question his immigration, trade views British foreign minister to visit Russia to discuss differences US strike wiped out fifth of Assad's air force After dragging United Airlines passenger off plane, officer put on leave Pentagon suspects chemical weapons still in Syria (VIDEO) Trump to speak at conservative forum, as some question his immigration, trade views British foreign minister to visit Russia to discuss differences ‘Deaths’ and wounded in Sweden truck attack, Swedish PM says Singapore imam who made offensive remarks against Jews, Christians slapped with S$4,000 fine Man arrested over Stockholm deaths suspected driver of truck, police say (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Star-studded lineup in 'War Machine' Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Star-studded lineup in 'War Machine' Related Articles US governor brought down by humiliating sex scandal Pentagon suspects chemical weapons still in Syria (VIDEO) Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof pleads guilty US strike wiped out fifth of Assad’s air force Tesla becomes most valuable US car maker, edges out GM Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Wall Street's Best Minds Trump’s Transformation Is Good for Investors This is starting to look like a traditional center-right administration. And that’s good for the market. By Greg Valliere Biography April 10, 2017 1:42 p.m. ET Donald Trump has had a wake-up call. Heading for decidedly mixed reviews when he hits his first 100 days on April 29, the president has come to a startling conclusion: he needs votes from Democrats on several issues, because he cannot rely on his Republican troops. Trump won some badly needed support from mainstream Republicans and many Democrats for his strikes against Syria, and we expect polls later this week will give him a bump. But Democrats—in the minority in both houses—are on the offensive. They will seek major... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Why the Netflix/Amazon Debate is Already Over Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Tesla Analyst Drives the Car, Upgrades the Stock Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Amazon: The Path to $1,100 a Share Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. TIAA: A Trillion Dollar Startup Is Making A Move Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Oil Stocks Are Starting To Show New Strength Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Linn Energy, Glaukos, Seagate 2 Amazon Taps Into Cash Payments 3 How Samsung's Galaxy S8 One-Ups the iPhone Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National April 9, 2017 9:14 AM Packaged salads recalled from Walmart after a dead bat was found inside Mixed Green Salad with Oranges, Dried Cranberries and Pecans. Chris Lee TNS Fresh Express recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix from Walmart stores in the Southeastern United States Saturday. 1 of 2 i By David J. Neal dneal@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Fresh Express recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix from Walmart stores in the Southeastern United States Saturday because a dead bat was found in a packaged salad in Florida. As the U.S. Food & Drug Administration’s recall chart notes, if there’s the possibility of bat body parts, there’s a “minimal risk of rabies contamination.” The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says it’s working with the FDA and the Florida Department of Health to investigate the situation. While Fresh Express’ recall notice tiptoes around the bat issue — “Fresh Express was notified that extraneous animal matter was allegedly found in a single container of the salad” — the CDC had this to say on its website: “Two people in Florida reported eating some of the salad before the bat was found. The bat was sent to the CDC rabies lab for laboratory testing because bats in the United States sometimes have been found to have this disease. The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies.” The CDC did say the risk of rabies transmission is very low, but not zero, so the organization recommended the two eaters of the organic salad begin treatment as if they’d been exposed to rabies. Both report good health so far, according to the CDC. As for the recalled product, it comes in a five-ounce, clear container. The best-by date is April 14, 2017, with production code G089B19. Customers can toss it or return it to the Walmart of purchase. Those with questions can call the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center 800-242-5472 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. In addition to Florida, the salads went to Walmart stores in Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:10 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 4.11 Pause 1:30 Celebrities put on a show for fans at Monday After the Masters 1:03 Celebrities, fans interact at Monday After the Masters 1:58 Mother takes pity on son's killer: 'Everybody deserves a second chance' 0:51 Darius Rucker tees off at Hootie & the Blowfish celebrity pro-am event 2:08 Agencies and community gathered to raise awareness against heroin 1:25 Coastal Carolina flag raised at the SC Statehouse 1:20 Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 2:24 Do your part to stop the spread of flu at home 1:55 Residents weigh in on school board's proposed raises Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email What to do if you think you have a recalled product There are many numbers and dates on the foods, drugs, cosmetics, and other products we use every day. Some help manufacturers track inventory, while others help retailers ensure quality. But when unsafe products must be removed from the market, these numb Credit: U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) David J. Neal: 305-376-3559, @DavidJNeal Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:30 Celebrities put on a show for fans at Monday After the Masters Pause 1:10 Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 4.11 1:03 Celebrities, fans interact at Monday After the Masters 1:58 Mother takes pity on son's killer: 'Everybody deserves a second chance' 0:51 Darius Rucker tees off at Hootie & the Blowfish celebrity pro-am event 2:08 Agencies and community gathered to raise awareness against heroin 1:25 Coastal Carolina flag raised at the SC Statehouse 2:24 Do your part to stop the spread of flu at home 1:55 Residents weigh in on school board's proposed raises 2:23 CCU football players visit prison in Bennettsville Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 23 days ago Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 1:20 23 days ago Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 1:26 a month ago Witnesses describe deadly bus-train collision in Biloxi, Miss. 1:42 a month ago Caught on camera: Vandals toss tar on home View more video National Man’s body is stranded 2 days at airport, makes it home 1 hour before his memorial Alabama governor resigns, pleads guilty to misdemeanors Video of passenger getting dragged off flight sparks uproar This Australian TV news anchor got caught playing with a pen. Her reaction was great. Judge again finds discrimination in Texas' voter ID law Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Latest News Dow 20,658 +1.92 +0.01% Nasdaq 5,881 +3.11 +0.05% S&P 500 2,357 +1.62 +0.07% 2:17 A.M. ET HSBC hits Huishan Dairy with default claim 2:16 A.M. ET Australia business conditions at best since crisis 2:16 A.M. ET JD Sports full-year profit up 56% despite Brexit 2:15 A.M. ET Qualcomm hits back at Apple in legal battle 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers price target lifted to $43 from $37: RBC Capital 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers lifted to outperform from sector perform: RBC Capital 1:23 A.M. ET 'Competitive concerns over Yelp's relevance are overdone': Pacific Crest 1:23 A.M. ET Yelp lifted to overweight from sector weight, $43 price target: Pacific Crest 1:19 A.M. ET Oil prices steady after a 5-day winning streak 4/10 Qualcomm says Apple would be nothing without its technology 4/10 Commodity gains boost Asian markets, offsetting geopolitical worries 4/10 Updated Judge rules Texas voter ID law discriminatory, again 4/10 Updated Alabama governor’s wife discovered affair on iCloud account 4/10 U.S. says Russian master of malware arrested in Spain 4/10 Updated U.S. takes hard line on Syria as Tillerson meets with G-7 4/10 Barclays CEO probed over whistleblower search 4/10 Opinion Journal:Repeal and Replace Revival? 4/10 Yellen says Fed’s efforts shifting from acceleration to cruise control 4/10 San Bernardino School Shooting Leaves 3 Dead, 1 Wounded 4/10 Updated Embattled Alabama governor steps down amid scandal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Smart & Final Names Derek Jones As President Of Its Cash & Carry Banner Stores By Published: Apr 10, 2017 7:22 p.m. ET Share COMMERCE, Calif., April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Smart & Final, the neighborhood warehouse grocery store for households and businesses, announced today that Derek Jones will be the new president of its Cash & Carry Smart Foodservice division. With 60 wholesale stores in six western states, Cash & Carry caters to the foodservice industry as a one-stop shop for large and small business needs. Jones will report to Smart & Final President and CEO Dave Hirz. "This is an exciting period of growth for Cash & Carry, and we look forward to Derek's support in delivering great results as we enter a brand new market for the second year in a row," said Hirz. "He has the experience and track record to drive our ongoing expansion efforts in key markets, and we're confident he's the right person for this large, important part of our business." Jones comes to Smart & Final from SpartanNash Company in Grand Rapids, Michigan, a U.S. grocery distributor and retailer, where he was President and Executive Vice President, Wholesale and Distribution Operations. Prior to that, he served in a variety of roles including EVP of Food Distribution, EVP of Retail Operations and EVP of Wholesale Operations. He brings a wealth of knowledge and experience from his 26 years in the retail industry, spanning several positions in operations, distribution and supply chain at Unisource Worldwide, Office Depot, Walgreens and Wal-Mart Stores. A graduate of the University of Arkansas, Jones is Principal and Business Advisor for Future Development Group, LLC, an organization aiming to provide places of learning, support and resources to students. Previously, he served on the Board of Directors for the National Grocers Association and on the Board of Directors for Heart of West Michigan United Way. Headquartered near Portland, Oregon, Cash & Carry Smart Foodservice is a subsidiary of Smart & Final Stores, Inc. and has operated throughout the Northwest for more than 60 years. The division currently has 60 wholesale stores located in Washington, Oregon, California, Idaho, Nevada and Utah catering to the foodservice industry. About Smart & FinalSmart & Final Stores, Inc. SFS, +3.78% is a value-oriented food and everyday staples retailer, headquartered in Commerce (near Los Angeles), California. The Company offers quality products in a variety of sizes, saving household, nonprofit and business customers time and money. As of January 1, 2017, the Company operated 305 grocery and foodservice stores under the "Smart & Final," "Smart & Final Extra!" and "Cash & Carry Smart Foodservice" banners in California, Oregon, Washington, Arizona, Nevada, Idaho and Utah, with an additional 15 stores in Northwestern Mexico operated through a joint venture. In business for over 145 years, the Company remains committed to giving back to local communities through employee volunteer opportunities and Company donations to local nonprofits. Media contact: press@smartandfinal.com       To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/smart--final-names-derek-jones-as-president-of-its-cash--carry-banner-stores-300437654.html SOURCE Smart & Final Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References SFS +0.45 +3.78% Most Popular What United should have done in response to that video of a man being violently pulled off a flight Positive buzz sends first marijuana ETF sharply higher in early days of trading Why you, too, could get dragged off a plane if the airline overbooks your flight ‘Re-accommodate’ is United’s euphemism for forcibly dragging passenger off an airplane Can employers solve the student-loan crisis? MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Smart & Final Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: SFS $12.35 +0.45 (+3.78%) Volume 442.4K Open $11.90 High $12.40 Low $11.90 P/E Ratio 78.91 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 870.7M
Home Opinion Harsimrat Kaur Badal: We plan to build a cold storage grid, food parks Harsimrat Kaur Badal: We plan to build a cold storage grid, food parks If allowing some more items can help us get higher realisations for farmers, better investments in infrastructure and modern technology, then there is no harm in it, believes union minister of food processing, Harsimrat Kaur Badal. By: Banikinkar Pattanayak | Published: April 11, 2017 5:03 AM Allowing 100% FDI in marketing of food items produced and manufactured in India was a landmark decision, said Harsimrat Kaur Badal. If allowing some more items can help us get higher realisations for farmers, better investments in infrastructure and modern technology, then there is no harm in it, believes union minister of food processing, Harsimrat Kaur Badal. In an interview with Banikinkar Pattanayak, besides the FDI in food policy, she also discusses the building of food parks, cold storage and her plans to build a cold storage grid. She throws light on the idea behind the World Food India, to be held on November 3-5 in New Delhi. Edited excerpts You have held discussions with major global retailers like Walmart, Tesco, Metro Cash & Carry and Auchan. What has been their response to India allowing 100% FDI in the marketing of locally-produced food items? Allowing 100% FDI in marketing of food items produced and manufactured in India was a landmark decision. After that, our aim was to attract foreign companies to set up shop in India. I went to the UK, France and Italy, and I saw interest shown by global players in not just investing in retail, but also making India a sourcing base for their units. Companies in Japan are looking at more vegetable (including frozen and ready-to-eat items) supplies from India, apart from shrimp. Even companies in the UAE want to make India a sourcing destination. We have a $600-billion retail sector, with food accounting for a major chunk of it. Already, $695 million has been committed by Amazon, Big Basket and Grofers in food retail, and certainly more players are interested. You may also like to watch: What did the big retail chains tell you? They said if they are allowed more items, apart from food, they will just have to replicate their existing models in other countries and can move faster in setting up outlets. Otherwise, they have to go through their boards, create a new model for India and carry out due diligence of the financial viability of that model. They said the margin is very low in food items, which won’t allow them to invest and create massive infrastructure required to set up proper outlets. Usually, they balance the outgo in terms of investment in food retail through the sale of non-food items (in case of the latter, the margin is better). At the same time, the consumer would like to explore as many items as possible under one roof. So, along with food items, if domestically-produced beauty care products, kitchenware, etc, are added, more foreign investments, to the tune of $10 billion, could flow in the next few years. What changes in the FDI policy for food retail have you suggested to the PMO? My suggestion was that since our objective is to double realisations for farmers (today, 80% of our cold storage facility is limited to just one commodity—potato), we have to get massive investment in infrastructure, especially at the farm-gate level, access modern technology and facilitate more direct tie-ups between farmers and large corporations. If allowing some more items—that too domestically-produced—will help us achieve that, what is the harm? So, I have suggested that whatever amount the foreign retailer invests at the farm-gate level, the sale of additional items worth 20-25% of that investment be allowed to the retailer as a sweetener. Ultimately, this will work out to around 5% of the total FDI (considering that the retailers will invest around 20% of the FDI in creating such infrastructure), which is fine. One day, it’s going to happen anyway. It’s just that if we allow them now, the retail landscape will change at a fast pace, benefiting farmers the most. CIPHET conducted a study that showed farm and food items worth `92,651 crore are wasted every year during and after the harvest. Can a country like ours afford such huge wastes of food items? We are only at 10% (processing capacity) today, so there is a huge scope for everyone (foreign and domestic players) to co-exist. Also, if the retailers come in, even machine manufacturers and others in the value chain will expand their presence. More important, farmers will benefit from the prospects of tie-ups with companies, which may educate them on best farm practices. A company in Japan (Kagome), which aims to be the tomato king of the world, wants to come and partner with our farmers. So imagine the farmers, who sometimes have to throw their produce because of a plunge in prices as they don’t want to waste money in transporting it to markets, getting assured buyers, who are also willing to give them quality seeds and access to modern technology and best practices. You have mooted the idea of creating a cold chain grid. What shape will it take? We recently sanctioned 101 cold chains to create additional capacity of 2,76,000 tonne of cold storage/controlled atmosphere/frozen storage, with Big Basket, Amul, Haldiram and Falcon Marine Exports featuring among the dozens of eligible companies that will be awarded government grants to build them. It is for the first time that the government has awarded many cold chain projects at one go. The investments on these projects will be to the tune of Rs 3,100 crore, including the government grant of Rs 838 crore. The rest—over `2,200 crore—will be invested by the companies concerned. These cold chains and the 42 mega food parks are going to help 15 lakh farmers and create employment for 3.5 lakh people. Subsidy will be around `3,000 crore, which will leverage infrastructure to the tune of Rs 15,000-16,000 crore. Now, we are coming up with a scheme—SAMPADA. Through technology, we are working to map the clusters, such as chilli cluster, marine cluster, etc, throughout the country and map the infrastructure available for storage and processing. Then, in a targeted fashion, we will give out contracts whenever we want to build more cold chains, depending on the requirements of the area. The idea is to create a cold chain grid, a processing grid, a lab grid (where quality of food items can be tested), etc. How do you compare your tenure vis-a-vis your UPA predecessors’? Look at the two flagship schemes—mega food parks and cold chains. These schemes started in 2008. A total of 42 mega food parks were sanctioned by the UPA, which were supposed to be ready in 24 months. But when I took over in 2014, only two parks were operationalised. At least 17 of them didn’t have a brick and one of them happened to be in a VIP constituency (Amethi) where only three months before the elections, the inauguration stone was laid. So, only two parks were set up in the six years of the UPA, while we have already got six parks operational and another four are ready for inauguration. So, in three years, we have 10 mega food parks. Similarly, only 37 of the 97 cold chains that were earlier sanctioned were set up during the UPA regime; we have set up 60 in just three years. By when do you expect the review of the FDI policy to be announced? I hope it comes before the World Food India fair in November. If relaxation is granted, it will set the stage for massive investments to come in. How will the World Food India fair help? I thought of a platform where both foreign and domestic players will have an opportunity for match-making. Also, farmers, farmer-producers organisations, machine manufacturers—all stakeholders in the value chain—will have opportunities to come together and talk serious business. So, we are organising the World Food India fair, a first of its kind, from November 3-5 in Delhi. We are also targeting doubling the processing level from the 10% to 20% by the time we complete this term (in 2019). What about the Rs 2,000-crore fund under Nabard for lending to food processing industries? How much has been sanctioned? Nabard gives cheaper credit at 8-8.5%. The only problem we had with Nabard initially was their stringent paperwork. One of the conditions was that whatever was to be borrowed by a person or entity, they had to give collateral worth one-and-a-half times of that, which was crazy. I had already taken up the matter with them. As much as Rs 500 crore has been sanctioned out of the Rs 2,000 crore. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Proud moment: After losing 80% vision, Prachi Sukhwani cracks CAT, set to join IIM-Ahmedabad! MCD elections 2017: Not just 'aam aadmi', AAP now eyes votes of the wealthy too Mars has metal in its atmosphere, reveals NASA probe Indian Express Digital launches Lifealth.com, the one-stop wellness portal Parking woes in Noida: High Court summons Authority CEO Indian tourists spent nearly $ 12 billion in US in 2015 Supreme Court to hear plea seeking to stop providing government accommodation to former UP CMs WATCH When Narendra Modi got upset at a cutting Prabhu Chawla question US seeks help on Syria but leaves key questions unresolved Donald Trump administration open to more strikes on Syria Not a fan of the Finance Minister, says leading tax lawyer V Lakshmikumaran and here's what he had to say about Arun Jaitley! Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News लोकसभा में बोले राजनाथ सिंह- कुलभूषण जाधव के पास है भारत का वैध वीजा, कैसे हो सकता है जासूस अगर पाकिस्‍तानी आतंकियों ने फिर से किया 26/11 जैसा हमला तो भारत को रोकना मुश्किल होगा: रिपोर्ट 2017 के पुलित्जर पुरस्कारों की घोषणा, न्यूयॉर्क टाइम्स को सर्वाधिक तीन पुरस्कार, देखें पूरी लिस्ट Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Commentary   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations MAKING THE POOR POORER 7 government programs that increase poverty Stephen Moore: 'Social Security is the greatest swindle of all' Published: 8 hours ago Stephen Moore About | Email | Archive Stephen Moore is an economic consultant with Freedom Works and an economic adviser to Donald Trump. Follow Subscribe to feed Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print For all the obsessing in Washington over income inequality, why isn’t there more outrage over government policies that exacerbate the problem? There are hundreds of programs that increase poverty in America. Last week, at the Heritage Foundation forum on this very topic, my colleagues exposed many of these programs. Economist Don Boudreaux of George Mason University unmasked two such policies. One is trade protectionism. Trade barriers raise prices and act as a regressive tax on Americans, Boudreaux explains. They also stunt the very process of innovation that makes goods and services widely available to people at affordable prices to begin with. Think about the consumers who shop for those everyday low prices at Wal-Mart: They’re not Hillary Clinton. The minimum wage clearly fits into this category, as well. In every other industry, Boudreaux notes, when something is more expensive we buy less of it. Why do some economists think that isn’t the case when it comes to buying labor? The minimum wage prevents people from entering the workforce and gaining the skills that can eventually land them higher-income jobs. This is so obvious that one wonders why liberals keep championing the minimum-wage cause. Marlo Lewis Jr. of the Competitive Enterprise Institute points out that the fuel-economy standards promoted by the leftist environmentalists add thousands of dollars to the cost of a new car. He estimates that these “green” policies could mean that, every year, 5 million fewer Americans can afford a new car. Another green policy that hurts the poor is the anti-fracking crusade. In my book with Kathleen Hartnett White, “Fueling Freedom: Exposing the Mad War on Energy,” we point out that the lower cost of electricity due to cheap shale natural gas has benefited low-income households to the tune of well over $4 billion a year. This is four times the benefit of the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program. If liberals really care about the poor, they should do away with LIHEAP and promote fracking. Social Security is the greatest swindle of all. A new study by Peter Ferrara for the Committee to Unleash Prosperity shows that if the average poor person who works 40 hours a week could simply put his payroll tax dollars into a personal 401(k) retirement account and tap into the power of compound interest, he would retire with a larger monthly benefit and have $1 million or more in an estate. Social Security robs nearly every low- and middle-income family with a full-time worker of at least $1 million over their lifetime. What a deal! When it comes to the trades of moving companies, realtors, hairstylists, limousine services, physical therapists and others, occupational licensing laws stunt small-business startups, destroy jobs and raise prices for lower-income consumers. What about the right to make a living? Big-government advocates defend these statist barriers to entry by arguing that they are needed to uphold professional service quality. Professor Boudreaux shows evidence to the contrary: Licensing requirements reduce service quality by shrinking competition in the industry. Arguably, the program that has most hindered upward mobility is the government school system in inner cities. Study after study finds abysmal educational outcomes and even unsafe environments for schoolchildren despite cities spending upward of $20,000 per child. At inner-city Catholic schools, these same kids could be receiving a better education at half the cost. Yet liberals oppose school-choice programs that would raise educational achievement and future earnings. (Look at their disgraceful treatment of Donald Trump’s education chief, Betsy DeVos.) These examples merely scratch the surface of scores of governmental polices that are regressive. Could the gridlock and polarization in Washington be ended by a bipartisan movement to identify and reform laws that hurt those at the bottom of the income scale? One universal goal we should all agree on is equality of opportunity – which these laws squelch. Where are Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, Nancy Pelosi and the class warriors when it comes to reversing government policies that are stealing money and opportunities from low-income families? Do they care more about protecting the poor or protecting big government? It’s time to really find out. Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah Fact! Sanctuary cities experience more crime ARTICLE V CONVENTION Rita Dunaway Dispelling the illegitimate-Constitution myth ALL THE EX-PRESIDENT'S SCANDALS Mychal Massie Obama used Susan Rice -- where are the feminists? AMERICA FIRST? Patrick J. Buchanan Is Trump enlisting in the War Party? HOLY WEEK Michael Brown Should Christians participate in the Passover Seder? More Commentary » Deal of the Day Farah blockbuster: 'The Restitution of All Things' – $4.95 today! WND founder's 'masterpiece' on 'Israel, Christians, and the End of the Age' Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Close menu News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business Entertainment Critic’s Corner S.W.A.G Awards Rediscover Detroit Rediscover Detroit: East English Village Rediscover Detroit: Green Acres Rediscover Detroit: Schulze Community Rediscover Detroit: Berry Subdivision Rediscover Detroit: Shorepointe Village Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business Entertainment Critic’s Corner S.W.A.G Awards Rediscover Detroit Rediscover Detroit: East English Village Rediscover Detroit: Green Acres Rediscover Detroit: Schulze Community Rediscover Detroit: Berry Subdivision Rediscover Detroit: Shorepointe Village Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List Home Dead Bat Found In Bagged Salad From Walmart Passing out or screaming are acceptable responses. Roz Edward, Michigan Chronicle Managing Editor Leave a comment Source: Vicky Misha Two people in Florida were greeted with a disgusting surprise when they were ready to eat a Organic Marketside Spring Mix salad and… found a dead bat. Even worse, they discovered the deceased mammal after already taking a bite of their salad. The food was purchased from Walmart and now there has been a regional recall of the product, according to The Guardian. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) is investigating the situation and advises people to not eat from the packages. As for the dead bat? It’s currently being checked out by the CDC for rabies. The animal’s decaying state stifles a definitive test to determine whether it had the disease. Though CDC says transmission by eating an infected animal is “extremely uncommon,” both salad-eaters were encouraged to be treated out of caution. Luckily, they didn’t show signs of rabies and they maintained good health. Specialists with the Food and Drug Administration and the CDC are leading the investigation into how the dead bat got into the salad packaging. The company behind the salad, Fresh Express, issued a limited recall for salads sold in a clear container with a best-used date of April 14 and the production code G089B19. Keep that in mind when you go for your routine shopping. The CDC assured people who’ve already purchased and eaten the products are not at a health risk, but it’s advised they don’t continue eating it. Fresh Express is willing to give a full refund if you contact them. bat , Health , Salad Also On The Michigan Chronicle: comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. Trending 17 Black gay celebrities out of the closet Meet Queen Latifah’s girlfriend Eboni Nichols 2017 Michigan Chronicle S.W.A.G Scholarship Awards The continuous rise and fall of the DeBarge family He’s Rick James, B*tch: Fans Call Dave Chappelle’s Crazy Drunk Show A Waste Of Money [VIDEO] Who’s the Gorgeous Black Woman Sitting Behind Neil Gorsuch? Get Informed! × Like our content? Sign up for The Michigan Chronicle's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Close Get the Michronicle in your inbox Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close DMN staff Maria Halkias Whole Foods rallies as investor suggests possible sale of chain Filed under Retail at 10 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Wire Services Connect with Wire Services Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Whole Foods Market Inc. shares surged the most in more than two years after activist investor Jana Partners LLC acquired a stake and suggested that the organic-food grocer consider putting itself up for sale. The investment firm announced an 8.3 percent stake in a filing on Monday, saying it would seek talks with management and push for a review of Whole Foods' strategic alternatives. Jana also may nominate at least three directors in a bid to help foster a turnaround. Whole Foods shares gained as much as 12 percent to $34.66 in New York, the most since November 2014. The stock had been up 1 percent this year through the end of last week. The supermarket chain, which helped pioneer the organic-food movement, has been grappling with its worst sales slump in more than a decade. Six straight quarters of declining same-store sales have forced the company to close stores and rein in costs. A record-setting bout of food deflation has put additional pressure on the entire grocery industry. "They went from owning the space to having massive competition," said Brian Yarbrough, an analyst at Edward Jones. "It's a strong brand that has really struggled." Reviewing 365 In announcing its investment, Jana vowed to address the weak performance and potentially shake up the board. The New York-based firm also will examine real estate and Whole Foods' new small-store format called 365. Still, it may be difficult for Jana to improve performance in the short term, Yarbrough said. An outright sale to a grocery competitor like Kroger Co. may make more sense, he said. "It will be very tough to speed up the turnaround process -- the most upside would be with a sale," he said. Larger mainstream grocers, including Kroger and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., continue to advance on Whole Foods' organic turf, weighing on sales. Whole Foods has sought to fight back by offering more discounts and starting the new 365 chain, which is aimed at younger shoppers. But the strategy has been slow to pay off. The slump prompted Whole Foods to shrink the size of its chain this quarter for the first time in more than a decade. The company, which has about 440 U.S. stores, also abandoned its longer-term growth target of reaching 1,200 locations, seeking instead to get expenses under control. Founder's Role The comeback effort is in the hands of Chief Executive Officer John Mackey, a co-founder of the Austin, Texas-based company who retook sole leadership last year. He had served as co-CEO with Walter Robb until November. The struggles have fueled speculation that an activist investor will step forward and push for changes. As Jana fills that role, the firm is looking to reassess everything from Whole Foods' brand to the way it schedules worker hours. Monday's filing named five co-investors working with Jana, including three who have agreed to stand as dissident director nominees should Jana pursue a proxy fight in 2018: Glenn Murphy, Thomas Dickson, and Meredith Adler. The other two are Diane Dietz and Mark Bittman, who are acting as consultants. Bittman is a well-known food journalist and author who previously wrote a column for the New York Times. Jana's most recent activist encounters have happened largely behind the scenes. Last month, the hedge fund announced an agreement with Blackhawk Network Holdings Inc. to add two independent directors -- before it had even disclosed its 4.7 percent stake in the prepaid-payment network. In February, Jana struck similar settlements with drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and jeweler Tiffany & Co. without any public scuffles. The Whole Foods encounter started with a different tone: Jana released an activist 13D filing that includes names of potential dissident director nominees. That suggests it's prepared for a proxy fight for control of the board. "The shares are undervalued and represent an attractive investment opportunity," the firm said in the filing. "Jana has substantial experience analyzing and investing in the grocery sector and more broadly across the food and retail sectors." Craig Giammona and Beth Jinks of Bloomberg News View Comments Tags Retail Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 57° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy skies. High near 65F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low near 45F. Winds light and variable. Updated: April 11, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Associated Press The Capitol Building is illuminated against the sunrise before the presidential inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump, Friday, Jan. 20, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/John Minchillo) Anti-border tax coalition to target lawmakers during Congressional recess By Ginger Gibson • Reuters 8 hrs ago (…) The Capitol Building is illuminated against the sunrise before the presidential inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump, Friday, Jan. 20, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/John Minchillo) Associated Press WASHINGTON • Opponents of a proposal to create a U.S. border tax on imported goods are targeting lawmakers in their home states for the next two weeks while Congress is in recess, according to organizers of the lobbying effort. The anti-border tax coalition, known as Americans for Affordable Products, includes large corporations that require imports like automakers and retail giants like Target, Best Buy and Walmart. The tax opponents will target 40 members of Congress in 11 states, said coalition spokesman Joshua Baca. “We’re talking to businesses, local associations, having a frank conversation with them about how dumb this idea is,” Baca said. His group argues the proposal will raise consumer prices. As part of a total overhaul of the U.S. tax code, Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan has proposed lowering the corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, imposing a 20 percent tax on imports and excluding export revenue from taxable income. The proposal has some strong corporate backers who say it will boost American jobs and not raise prices, including companies that do considerable amount of exporting, such as Boeing, Caterpillar and Pfizer. The anti-border tax group is planning to host a town hall meeting next week in Nevada with Republican Senator Dean Heller, which will also be co-sponsored by local business groups and Americans For Prosperity, the conservative group funded by the Republican Koch brothers which also opposes the border tax. Town hall meetings have gained more attention recently as events featuring Republican lawmakers have been targeted by activists to voice their opposition to several proposals, including repealing the Affordable Care Act which widened health insurance coverage for about 20 million Americans. Additionally, the anti-tax group will hold a discussion in Ohio with Republican Representative David Joyce, where he will hear from local furniture store owners who would be affected by a border tax, Baca said. Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Concurrently, members of the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is comprised of large retailers like Autozone, Walgreens Boot Alliance Inc. and J.C. Penny Co., are using the recess to give members of Congress behind-the-scenes tours of both their headquarters and stores in an effort to persuade them against the tax, spokesman Brian Dodge said. Both groups are hoping to make more voters aware of their position and are armed with an opinion poll by a pollster who also works for several Republican members of Congress. The poll, shared first with Reuters and which was conducted with funding from opponents of the tax, found 63 percent of voters are against the tax, including 70 percent of women. Additionally, the poll makes the case that 56 percent of voters say they would be less likely to vote for a member of Congress who supports the tax proposal. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The Capitol Building is illuminated against the sunrise before the presidential inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump, Friday, Jan. 20, 2017, in Washington. (AP Photo/John Minchillo) Associated Press Tags Tax Politics Economics Company Coalition Commerce View (…) comments Most popular Another St. Louis company sold: Panera Bread goes for $7.5 billion Stores are closing at a pace that rivals the last U.S. recession Brothers turn toward the unconventional with St. Charles County shrimp farm Panera CEO: 'They'll need to carry me out with my boots on' The troubles at the American mall are coming to a boil Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News The 2016 Holiday Hiring Season: Higher Wages Ahead Train Your Team to be a Recruiting Machine Flexible Scheduling for Today’s Seasonal Workers Customer Service Strategies that Help Maximize Holiday Sales Signing High Demand Talent: Intel from Staffing Experts Latest in section Auditor: Missouri's taxing district law allows unethical practices, poor oversight Striking Holten Meat workers to vote on new contract St. Louis isn't alone in losing corporate headquarters Strong market for warehouse, industrial space continues St. Louis entrepreneur's story to police about kidnap plot evolved over time Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Look for our new section in Sunday's Post-Dispatch. Nominations for the 2017 awards are now open Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Web Tech YouTube YouTube’s biggest star is testing his next show on Twitch by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett Apr 10, 2017, 5:40pm EDT share tweet Linkedin YouTube’s biggest star is testing the waters over at Twitch. Felix "PewDiePie" Kjellberg announced to his YouTube channel of 54 million subscribers that he would start doing a weekly stream over at Twitch as part of Netglow — a brand he’s “wanted to create.” The show, which premiered yesterday, is called Best Club and will air weekly. The announcement came at the end of a video on his YouTube channel called “YOUTUBEISOVERPARTY.” The first episode includes Kjellberg and YouTuber Brad Smith of World of Orange. The duo talks briefly about Netglow, a crowdsourced channel they hope will offer more content than just Best Club. When Kjellberg initially announced Netglow, he likened it to his work with Revelmode — his video network that produces original shows — and the Cringemas live stream. Kjellberg’s Twitch show comes after ongoing controversy at YouTube. Companies like Starbucks, Walmart, and GM continue to yank ads from the platform, because Google can’t ensure those ads won’t appear next to hateful, offensive content. In YOUTUBEISOVERPARTY, Kjellberg called the response “so massively overblown.” “The reason why people love YouTube is because it’s free and it’s open and you can say whatever you want,” he said. “It’s not like television where [people tell you] ‘No you can’t say that because then we’ll do this.’ [...] It seems like YouTube is forced to turn into television at this point. That’s gonna be bad for everyone.” The YouTuber said that he’s sympathetic to advertiser’s concerns. “I understand that advertisers need to feel like they’re spending money and it doesn’t show up on racist videos. I understand that 100 percent. Like, that’s a terrible thing.” He pointed to things becoming “bigger than they should in the media,” and that a minority of problematic videos on the platform shouldn’t affect everyone. Kjellberg himself has felt this conflict. In the last few months, he sparred with journalists — specifically The Wall Street Journal — over its reporting on anti-Semitic jokes and Nazi references in nine of his videos over the course of six months. Shortly after WSJ’s report, Disney and YouTube both pulled their support of the star. PewDiePie’s subsequent apology largely focused on blaming the media. Kjellberg, in announcing the show, said he’d decided to start the show “before [his controversy], so don’t read this the wrong way. I wanted to start doing streams on Twitch.” He added that he will continue to publish videos on YouTube. Next Up In Culture With Thor: Ragnarok, Marvel hopes to find new, fresh stories away from Earth All breakup notes should be written in playlist format now This Raspberry Pi game emulator disguised as an Altoids tin is curiously nerdy Comcast is reportedly creating a streaming service for NBC shows Could Hela from Thor: Ragnarok be the best Marvel villain since Loki? An upcoming X-Files audiobook reunites David Duchovny, Gillian Anderson, and more Now Trending Sony’s giant, $700 e-paper tablet is a great example of Weird Sony Huge screen, huge price Moto’s Z Play is the phone I just can’t quit It’s all about the battery With Thor: Ragnarok, Marvel hopes to find new, fresh stories away from Earth Asgardians of the Galaxy Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 10. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Qualcomm sues Apple for hobbling its iPhone chips to make Intel look better by Rich McCormick Google releases pay methodology in attempt to prove no gender gap exists by Rich McCormick 10 comments / new With Thor: Ragnarok, Marvel hopes to find new, fresh stories away from Earth by Chaim Gartenberg 10 comments / new Show Notes: Get ready for car news by Nilay Patel 5 comments / new All breakup notes should be written in playlist format now by Kaitlyn Tiffany 2 comments / new Facebook’s journalism certification class is just a test on how to use Facebook by Natt Garun 5 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Malcolm Turnbull Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Arvind Kejriwal Home World U.S. anti-border tax coalition to target lawmakers during Congressional recess Shares1 Tue, 11 Apr 2017-03:23am , Reuters Opponents of a proposal to create a U.S. border tax on imported goods are targeting lawmakers in their home states for the next two weeks while Congress is in recess, according to organizers of the lobbying effort. The anti-border tax coalition, known as Americans for Affordable Products, includes large corporations that require imports like automakers and retail giants like Target , Best Buy and Walmart. The tax opponents will target 40 members of Congress in 11 states, said coalition spokesman Joshua Baca. "We're talking to businesses, local associations, having a frank conversation with them about how dumb this idea is," Baca said. His group argues the proposal will raise consumer prices. As part of a total overhaul of the U.S. tax code, Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan has proposed lowering the corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, imposing a 20 percent tax on imports and excluding export revenue from taxable income. The proposal has some strong corporate backers who say it will boost American jobs and not raise prices, including companies that do considerable amount of exporting, such as Boeing, Caterpillar and Pfizer. The anti-border tax group is planning to host a town hall meeting next week in Nevada with Republican Senator Dean Heller, which will also be co-sponsored by local business groups and Americans For Prosperity, the conservative group funded by the Republican Koch brothers which also opposes the border tax. Town hall meetings have gained more attention recently as events featuring Republican lawmakers have been targeted by activists to voice their opposition to several proposals, including repealing the Affordable Care Act which widened health insurance coverage for about 20 million Americans. Additionally, the anti-tax group will hold a discussion in Ohio with Republican Representative David Joyce, where he will hear from local furniture store owners who would be affected by a border tax, Baca said. Concurrently, members of the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is comprised of large retailers like Autozone , Walgreens Boot Alliance, Inc. and J.C. Penny Company, are using the recess to give members of Congress behind-the-scenes tours of both their headquarters and stores in an effort to persuade them against the tax, spokesman Brian Dodge said. Both groups are hoping to make more voters aware of their position and are armed with an opinion poll by a pollster who also works for several Republican members of Congress. The poll, shared first with Reuters and which was conducted with funding from opponents of the tax, found 63 percent of voters are against the tax, including 70 percent of women. Additionally, the poll makes the case that 56 percent of voters say they would be less likely to vote for a member of Congress who supports the tax proposal. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World The Pulitzer Prizes: Washington Post, New York Times win for hard-hitting reporting on Trump, Putin World Malala Yousafzai assumes new role, appointed as UN Messenger of Peace World Hijacked Indian cargo ship rescued from Somali pirates but 8 crew members missing World California: Teacher, 8-year-old student killed in San Bernardino school shooting World Watch: Weeks after not letting girls with leggings board, United Airlines drags man off overbooked flight World At least two dead in Southern California school shooting Related US Senate confirms Trump's SC pick Gorsuch, three Democrats also vote for him Under investigation, Trump ally Nunes steps down from House Russia probe White House officials, lawmakers hold talks to revive Trump's healthcare bill Video WATCH: 69-year-old Asian man forcefully dragged off United Airlines, left bleeding WATCH: Safari park visitor screams in shock as a camel pokes its face inside her car Watch | Police complaint filed against Hyderabad BJP MLA Raja Singh for hate speech View all Tags Congress Paul Ryan Autozone Boeing Caterpillar Nevada Ohio Pfizer Retail Industry Leaders Association Reuters Walmart Republican House David Joyce U. S. Affordable Care Act Koch Inc. SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Is North Korea putting nuclear-tipped bargaining chip on table UK's May heads for electoral test over Brexit and her leadership Russia says too early to accuse Syrian government over gas attack - RIA PM should mount pressure on Pak to secure Jadhav's release: Russia says too early to accuse Syrian government over gas attack - RIA Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Sreejesh to lead India at Azlan Shah Meet, 4 rookies included Soccer-Leicester must rebound from Everton loss - Chilwell Snooker-Walker ends Evans' bid for maiden Crucible appearance Entertainment Bradley Cooper's girlfriend gives birth to baby girl Dwayne Johnson to star in Disney's 'Jungle Cruise' Omi Vaidya of 'Delhi Belly' fame in Abhinay Deo's next Watch: Varun Dhawan begins training for 'Judwaa 2' Varun Dhawan sweats it out for 'Judwaa 2' @ 4/11/2017 11:04:18 AM Money Sportswear firm JD Sports posts record 2016 profit Passenger vehicles up 9.96% in March, car sales grow 8.17% Vedanta says India unit's zinc output up 40 pct in fourth qtr Dutch bike maker Accell Group receives 845 mln takeover proposal GLOBAL MARKETS-Investors flee risk assets as geopolitical tensions heat up Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. anti-border tax coalition to target lawmakers during Congressional recess By Reuters Published: 17:47 EDT, 10 April 2017 | Updated: 17:47 EDT, 10 April 2017 e-mail By Ginger Gibson WASHINGTON, April 10 (Reuters) - Opponents of a proposal to create a U.S. border tax on imported goods are targeting lawmakers in their home states for the next two weeks while Congress is in recess, according to organizers of the lobbying effort. The anti-border tax coalition, known as Americans for Affordable Products, includes large corporations that require imports like automakers and retail giants like Target , Best Buy and Walmart. The tax opponents will target 40 members of Congress in 11 states, said coalition spokesman Joshua Baca. "We´re talking to businesses, local associations, having a frank conversation with them about how dumb this idea is," Baca said. His group argues the proposal will raise consumer prices. As part of a total overhaul of the U.S. tax code, Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan has proposed lowering the corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, imposing a 20 percent tax on imports and excluding export revenue from taxable income. The proposal has some strong corporate backers who say it will boost American jobs and not raise prices, including companies that do considerable amount of exporting, such as Boeing, Caterpillar and Pfizer. The anti-border tax group is planning to host a town hall meeting next week in Nevada with Republican Senator Dean Heller, which will also be co-sponsored by local business groups and Americans For Prosperity, the conservative group funded by the Republican Koch brothers which also opposes the border tax. Town hall meetings have gained more attention recently as events featuring Republican lawmakers have been targeted by activists to voice their opposition to several proposals, including repealing the Affordable Care Act which widened health insurance coverage for about 20 million Americans. Additionally, the anti-tax group will hold a discussion in Ohio with Republican Representative David Joyce, where he will hear from local furniture store owners who would be affected by a border tax, Baca said. Concurrently, members of the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is comprised of large retailers like Autozone , Walgreens Boot Alliance, Inc. and J.C. Penny Company, are using the recess to give members of Congress behind-the-scenes tours of both their headquarters and stores in an effort to persuade them against the tax, spokesman Brian Dodge said. Both groups are hoping to make more voters aware of their position and are armed with an opinion poll by a pollster who also works for several Republican members of Congress. The poll, shared first with Reuters and which was conducted with funding from opponents of the tax, found 63 percent of voters are against the tax, including 70 percent of women. Additionally, the poll makes the case that 56 percent of voters say they would be less likely to vote for a member of Congress who supports the tax proposal. (Reporting by Ginger Gibson) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, slips into a skimpy black bikini as she flaunts her unshaven armpits while relaxing in the sun with her rumoured beau 'They are both extremely thrilled!' Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk name newborn daughter Lea de Seine Shayk Cooper Peter Andre reveals he wants Princess to become a NUN... a week after Katie Price is slammed for sharing a snap of their daughter, 9, in plunging kaftan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Newly single Tyga cavorts with bikini babes on music video set after split with Kylie Jenner Look away, Kylie Something to tell us? Sienna Miller steps out with a little smile on her face amid claims Brad Pitt was 'seriously flirting' with her Experts reveal easy hacks to make your family's life healthier  From cooking classes, to colourful and delicious family dinners. SPONSORED Blake Lively thought her doctor was 'going to drop our baby' after husband Ryan Reynolds played Marvin Gaye's Let's Get It On during her labour Watch out, Gigi! Lisa Rinna's daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin, 18, signs with IMG Models Has strutted down the catwalks for many designers SPOILER ALERT: Danny Dyer set to make dramatic return to EastEnders as Mick Carter with 'huge punch-up with Lee Ryan's new character Woody' 'Jägerbombs, kebabs - it was a nightmare': Vicky Pattison laments her Geordie Shore diet as she sizzles in gym wear after losing 7lbs during boot camp stay Sponsored by Chanel! Bella Hadid keeps designer tote front and center as she jets off to Dubai for Dior gig Left her Manhattan apartment 'I wanted to do it to show I'm not ashamed of my body': Rebekah Vardy says she's been overwhelmed by positive response to her 'mummy tummy' shoot 'It's terrible to meet you!' Steph and Mimi lock horns, it's crunch time for Fred and Olivia, and Jamie tells Sam to 'f**k off' on Made In Chelsea Comrades in arms! North West and and little brother Saint make a run for the backyard in sweet snap posted by Kim Kardashian on National Siblings Day 'So many scars': Mama June accuses ex Sugar Bear of emotional and physical abuse... as her daughter Anna moves in with him after marriage split Off-duty model moment! Jessica Hart cuts a casual figure in skinny jeans and knee-high boots as she gets cosy with a male pal in New York Marnie Simpson lashes out at Lewis Bloor for 'stealing her bank card' in explosive footage from their Dubai trip... as he brands the claims 'ridiculous' Halle Berry posts rare photo of three-year-old son Maceo as he gazes thoughtfully at the sea Posted a rare photo of her three-year-old Maceo Lunch date! Dakota Johnson enjoys a bite at healthy restaurant in mom jeans with handsome mystery man A casual lunch with a male companion Shop till you drop! Gigi Hadid and mother Yolanda look stylish as they hit the stores in New York City  Popped into a branch of Blick Art Materials Caitlyn Jenner reveals she DID undergo gender reassignment surgery because she was 'tired of tucking the damn thing in all the time' Roll up! Johnny Depp puffs on a homemade cigarette as he resumes filming on LAbyrinth in Downtown Los Angeles Depp portrays a real life LAPD detective Charlotte Crosby worries best friend Holly Hagan will never speak to her again after she lets Kyle Christie tattoo his own face onto the back of her neck 'It's unnerving!' Amanda Holden reveals Mr. Nasty Simon Cowell has turned nice on BGT... and promises her dresses will be MORE daring than ever Cheeky! Love Island's Katie Salmon offers fans an up close view of her ample derriere as she takes saucy selfie in a scarlet thong Snow White and the pop pixie! Kristen Stewart looks just like Justin Bieber after channeling singer's beach style Bleached blonde 'Mommy daughter movie date':  Pink shares selfie with adorable Willow, five, as they head to screening of Beauty And The Beast Kym Marsh 'earns £150k a year on Coronation Street' after winning praise for character's stillbirth... but Jack P Shepherd 'earns £50k more' 50 Cent 'punches' female fan in chest after she grabs his arm and pulls him off stage during his concert in Baltimore Aggressive fan  'I'm really scared I'll be left with two saggy sacks!' Holly Hagan reveals plans for FOURTH boob job... but fears going smaller will leave her with unsightly excess skin Madonna dresses twins Esther and Stella in matching tracksuits and records them singing Shabbat Shalom Lord of the rings! Jason Statham, 49, shows off his RIPPED physique as he reveals he's achieved his buff body through gymnastic training Tension on the beach! Pia Miller shows off her toned legs in tiny shorts as she and James Stewart share intense exchange during filming for Home And Away 'I'm grateful to have you!' Chris Pratt shares a sweet kiss with Anna Faris at the Guardians Of The Galaxy: Vol. 2 premiere in Tokyo Paid touching tribute So happy! Rob Kardashian posts rare selfie as former recluse gushes over five month 'birthday' of daughter Dream Hang loose! Barack and Michelle Obama enjoy South Pacific escape by swimming and paddleboarding Pictured enjoying some boat activities She's sure to make a splash! Home And Away newcomer Sophie Dillman goes surfing in an orange bikini as she films scenes with a shirtless James Stewart 'I almost ran away!' New Doctor Who recruit Pearl Mackie reveals she was nervous about meeting Peter Capaldi... as star discusses his decision to quit Just the two of us! Charlotte Crosby and Stephen Bear say they have BANNED threesomes... despite propositioning two reporters in a week A special brew! A radiant Pia Miller looks loved-up with boyfriend Tyson Mullane as couple pose for a photo during coffee date Harry Styles was 'in the running to play Han Solo in Star Wars spin-off... but bosses decided he'd be impossible to lock down due to his music career' Any regrets? Tyga indulges in retail therapy as 'ex' Kylie Jenner gets lucrative deal for solo reality series It was just one week after reports the rapper and Kylie have broken up SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Lady Kitty cuts a stripy fine figure: Diana's niece shows off her slender frame as she post picture of herself in multi-coloured dress 'You're a MONSTER!' Chris Harper reveals abuse he gets for playing Coronation Street groomer Nathan Curtis... as he confirms plans to leave the soap 'You were very naughty': Christine Lampard reveals husband Frank stopped speaking to her following very cheeky dream Casey Batchelor shows off her toned figure in a skimpy bikini as she contorts her body into an extreme yoga pose during sunkissed beach break 'Good top to bottom': Nick Viall overexposes fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi as skirt rises up during lift on DWTS Dancing With The Stars faux pas 'Goodbye Girls!' Lena Dunham pays tribute to Jemima Kirke and Zosia Mamet after revealing they won't appear in series finale Mel B puts on a brave face as she visits her lawyers after breaking month-long social media silence... having gained restraining order against her husband Red Alert! Hilary Duff stands out in scarlet and pink jacket while filming TV series Younger in NYC The actress shot scenes with Molly Bernard for season four of  Younger Lady Victoria Hervey pictured for the first time since expressing fears Mel B's husband Stephen Belafonte secretly taped their wild drunken threesome 'Fifth element flow!' Katy Perry looks dramatically different as she chops off the rest of her hair She's been experimenting with her hair in recent months PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: That's not much Material, girl! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, gives a glimpse of cheeky new 'W' tattoo in sexy pink bikini Making them green with envy! Delta Goodrem stuns in flowing floral dress at Melbourne meet and greet as she stops to sign autographs 'I'd have them now!' Smitten TOWIE star Mario Falcone reveals he wants babies with girlfriend Becky Miesner but she admits she's waiting for a proposal 'There's no end in sight!' Broadchurch fans are still no closer to finding out who raped Trish as FOUR suspects emerge in the penultimate episode 'Do you like sweets?' Jamie Laing put Claude Littner to shame as he mercilessly grilled the only candidate who wanted to be his 'pardy' organizer on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  'It's feelin' like summer!' Skye Wheatley reveals her tiny waist and sizable side-boob in racy one-piece swimsuit as she takes a dip in the pool 'There's some jealousy!' Kylie Jenner sparks envy in the Kardashian family as new solo reality show is confirmed Reality stardom brought her entire family fame Gemma Arterton looks sensational in a knitted tangerine two-piece for her appearance on The One Show as she continues to promote Their Finest Jason Manford's debut on The Nightly Show comes under fire for 'cutting Jane McDonald off' as he wrestles stage invader to the floor 'Making a mockery' Spec-tacular blunder! Interviewer smacks Nicole Richie's sunglasses from her face trying to give high five Kelly Clarkson laughs about hitting the wrong note while recording her eighth studio album Pop powerhouse's three-octave soprano pipes failed her  Iggy Azalea claims she lost 15 pounds twerking - is that possible? And is it HEALTHY? A doctor explains... Explaining the dance's pitfalls Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves steps out in pink suit as he spends THREE hours getting botox and fillers... after having fat removed and injected into his bottom Was this a navy lark? I've heard fruitier language on Blue Peter: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Reviewed Warship (C4) 'Men are jealous of me!' Nick Cannon jokes about rumors he caused Mariah Carey's split from Bryan Tanaka 'Feeling it!' Reese Witherspoon works on her svelte figure as she tackles yoga and jogging on the same day Mark Latimer survived suicide and detectives played by David Tennant and Olivia Colman were about to solve the case in Broadchurch, by Jim Shelley Flower power! AnnaLynne McCord steps out in floral-print trousers for film screening and panel on modern day slavery Human rights advocate Legs for days! Caitlyn Jenner steps out in a blue mini dress after revealing that she has undergone gender reassignment surgery  'Lost at sea!' Lindsay Lohan strips off to  strike a saucy pose in her bed on a luxury yacht Pregnant Tamsin Egerton shows off her petite bump in casual chic outfit as doting dad Josh Hartnett enjoys a stroll with their daughter Expanding the family 'Let's get this show on the road': Ant and Dec deliver powerful Britain's Got Talent speech in new advert for the show... but Simon Cowell can't resist cheekily interrupting Make-up free Charlotte Crosby glows with happiness as she arrives in Sydney to be reunited with boyfriend Stephen Bear Not so anarchic now! Charlie Hunnam smartens up in a buttoned shirt for lunch with his love Morgana McNelis 'Daddy was sick in the toilet': Stephanie Davis shares graphic clip of nauseated ex Jeremy McConnell changing their son Caben's nappy... as he embarks on rehab stay 'I'm not entirely sure it will ever truly sink in': Ella Eyre reveals her father passed away just ONE DAY before she put on an energetic show at London club  Back to the 80s! Matthew McConaughey rocks retro slicked back hairdo and mustache as he joins wife Camila Alves at fundraiser Twinning! Matt Damon and Chris Hemsworth sport baseball caps and casual wear as Hollywood BFFs dress to match on American's visit Down Under 'Little legends': Rebecca Judd shares adorable snap of twin sons Tom and Darcy holding hands 'White trash!' Jax Taylor has trouble adjusting to farm life in Vanderpump Rules spin-off with Brittany Cartwright Storm Keating shows off her huge bump in a sun-soaked bikini snap as she and Ronan prepare for the birth of their first baby together next month 'People have to start respecting the vagina': Emily Ratajkowski and Janelle Monae lead cast of 'fresh faces' talking feminism, race, and Trump as they each land  a cover of Marie Claire EXCLUSIVE: 'I can't lose my sons too': Jade Goody's ex Jeff Brazier calls for young boys to be vaccinated against HPV which can cause cancer in men Gym buddies! A slender Roxy Jacenko shares a quick embrace with former NRL player Ben Lucas on the way into workout session 'Long hair on the way!' Roxy Jacenko gets extensions added into trademark blonde tresses at salon Young love! Willow Smith and 'boyfriend' Tyler Cole walk arm in arm in the sunshine Smith was seen taking a walk with him in Los Angeles on Sunday Bikini-clad Zara Holland puts on a busty display as she enjoys boat ride during sun-filled getaway in Barbados Belly prancer! Ariel Winter flashes her stomach yet again in skimpy crop top as she stretches legs in LA The busty beauty seemed in high spirits  'Feeling better than I've ever felt': Demi Lovato encourages fans to practice 'self love' in Instagram post after overcoming body image issues Snowflake kisses! Olivia Holt and her boyfriend share some sweet PDA as they hit the slopes in Tahoe The 19-year-old Disney star was seen with her birthday beau Kristen Stewart flashes her tummy (and a peek of underboob) in crop top while out with girlfriend Stella Maxwell Looking bow-tiful! Gwen Stefani perfectly co-ordinates her outfit... right down to the gift She has handled many a room on her own as a successful solo act Flawless and fancy free! Mum-of-six Madeleine West looks radiant as she goes make-up free while enjoying a school holiday sleep in Tatt's painful! Charlotte Crosby comforts boyfriend Stephen Bear as he winces in pain while getting an elaborate Banksy tattoo Frill seeker! Leggy Abbey Clancy looks chic in a biker jacket, frayed jeans and embellished mules as she runs errands in London  'We won't see Chewbacca unless it's on Star Wars!' Lisa Oldfield says 'basic b***h' Krissy Marsh WON'T be back for season two of RHOS Kristina Rihanoff showcases her incredible post-baby body in retro polka dot bikini as she soaks up the sun in Tenerife  Cheeky mirror selfie Anthony Kiedis packs on the PDA with mystery brunette as they enjoy romantic getaway in Venice Fancy seeing you here! Exes Drake and Rihanna end up at the same children's birthday party  'Cool Cousins!' Jessica Simpson's daughter Maxwell poses up a storm with Ashlee's boy Bronx The Simpson genes clearly run strong Tatt's nice! Shanina Shaik proudly shows off stunning engagement ring and first inking on her lower forearm Shanina Shaik, 26, took to Instagram to debut her first tattoo Life With Kylie! Jenner lands her own reality show as she branches out alone from the Kardashians She's grown up in front of the cameras  From noughties to naughties: Meg Mathews shares very intimate picture of her tanned naked body as she covers her modesty with a blanket Sir Tom puts lavish Beverly Hills home on the market for a cool £6.45million - featuring leopard-print dining room and jaw-dropping outdoor pool  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Louis Tomlinson wears tracksuit to go shopping with forlorn girlfriend Eleanor Calder... as airport brawl hearing is delayed Healthy-looking Paul Gascoigne browses the window of his local Oxfam before stopping to take a selfie in a coffee shop as he hunts for a new home 'Sweat game was strong': Model Natalie Roser works out at the gym in skimpy sports bra and skintight leggings after new beau Harley Bonner dropped the L word Gaz Beadle's girlfriend Emma McVey sets pulses racing in a skimpy charcoal grey bikini as she flaunts her killer abs while holidaying in Australia 'Mrs T you look UNREAL': John Terry's bikini-clad wife Toni shows off impressively toned figure in sizzling holiday snaps... to the delight of her husband  Steve Coogan and John C. Reilly are barely recognisable as they transform into iconic comedy movie duo Laurel & Hardy for new biopic Yazmin Oukhellou flaunts her derriere in skin tight leggings at TOWIE filming... following feud with boyfriend James Lock's ex Danielle Armstrong 'Stop stealing roles!' Elle Fanning faces a furious backlash over the decision to cast her, and not a transgender actor, as a trans boy in controversial new film 3 Generations Rita Ora rocks her typically edgy style in floaty sheer gown with staggering ankle boots as she steps out in London Hot Right Now star  Jemma Lucy reveals her new nude female tattoo is a portrait of 'ex-girlfriend' Chantelle Connelly NOT former mentor Katie Price She confused fans  'Three generations of bada**women': Ruby Rose shares flashback image of her younger self with lookalike mother and grandmother EXCLUSIVE: 'Bye Bye Boobs!' Real Housewives of Orange County star Kelly Dodd has breast reduction surgery, downsizing her '32 G's'  'I got enough pigs chasing me in NY': Bethenny Frankel stuns in blue bikini as she visits famous bay of swimming sows in Bahamas Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a tiny white bikini as she shares more eye-popping snaps from her Maldives getaway Scantily-clad snaps  'You have to be apart to appreciate it': Coleen Nolan hints she and Ray Fensome may be back on track after discussing marriage break on Loose Women FIRST LOOK: Chris Hemsworth prepares to do battle with Tom Hiddleston and Cate Blanchett in explosive trailer for Thor: Ragnarok Megan McKenna looks stony-faced as she gets back to work on TOWIE for first time since being physically restrained during blazing row with ex Pete Wicks  Elsa Hosk swaps her usual figure-flaunting style for chic gold statement coat as she steps out in New York Victoria's Secret model looked stylish 'He had it': Dunkirk director Christopher Nolan gushes over Harry Styles as he reveals how the singer landed his first cinematic role  Lisa's wild side! Rinna, 53, showcases muscular physique in leopard print bikini after explosive RHOBH finale Showcasing her killer physique It Girls on parade! Gigi Hadid, Sofia Richie and Jasmine Tookes strike a pose in new Tommy Hilfiger campaign  Joined by Anwar Hadid and Lucky Blue Smith 'Don't ask!' Sofia Richie dons a bikini as she leaps aboard a jet-ski while living it up in Qatar Jet-ski jaunt into the Persian Gulf 'The lady to my right is snapping a pic of my booty!' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson calls out cheek fan during surprise appearance at Disney 'I can't lose my sons too': Jade Goody's widow Jeff Brazier calls for young boys to be vaccinated against HPV which can cause cancer in men EXCLUSIVE: 'It's a game changer': MIC's Fredrik Ferrier on what he thinks about Binky Felstead and JPs baby... as he unveils plans to release an album Embattled Mel B breaks month-long social media silence after gaining restraining order against estranged husband Stephen Belafonte amid divorce 'We're taking things step by step': Missé Beqiri hints she would like children with beau Jake Hall... after fans speculate if she is pregnant Zoe Saldana flaunts her incredible figure in a sheer voluminous co-ord as she steals the show at Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in Tokyo 'I'm very proud!' Freida Pinto gushes over her Teletubbies past after revealing she played Laa-Laa during kids' entertainer gig Slumdog Millionaire star 'It takes me home': Australian model Shanina Shaik opens up about perks of modelling for David Jones after steamy photo shoot with fiancé DJ Ruckus Right on the Monae! Janelle stuns in revealing frock as she soaks up the rays in luxury Dominican Republic villa 'Person or persons?' Broadchurch fans go wild on Twitter as star Mark Bazeley suggests more than one person could be involved in Trish Waterman's rape PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Amy Childs protectively pats her huge bump in low-cut black swimsuit as she enjoys break in Israel ahead of her due date Prince charming! Charles leaves the local women in fits of giggles as he visits a community centre on a whistlestop tour of Cumbria 'Oh boy!' Ryan Lochte's model love Kayla Rae Reid celebrates her baby shower with lavish party She's expecting her first child  Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway accused of 'fixing' its competition as contestant gets final question wrong... but still wins grand prize Lingerie-clad Bella Hadid flashes nipple in outtake from LOVE magazine spread Shared a naughty nip-slip Polaroid outtake from shoot 'His endgame was fame': Mariah Carey, 46, and Bryan Tanaka, 33, 'SPLIT following his insane jealousy over her relationship with Nick Cannon Former TOWIE beauty Pascal Craymer raises temperatures as she shows off her sensational body in a hot pink bikini during cooldown in the sea 'She doesn't care': Corrie's Tristan Gemmill insists his wife is fine with his steamy on-screen scenes... after revealing he auditioned to play JAMES BOND Top of the pops! Drake and Rihanna lead the pack as the 2017 Billboard Music Awards nominations are announced Leaders of the pack 'He's made such a good impression on everyone': Jason Momoa poses for MORE fan snaps as burly hunk is praised by crew members Down Under Father daughter date! Mindy Kaling takes her dad to the basketball to watch the Lakers face off against the Timberwolves   The duo sat courtside 'The biggest misconception is that I am a ditzy party girl!' Ita Buttrose's socialite niece Lizzie reveals she wants to be on The Real Housewives of Sydney to 'reinvent herself' EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd been planning the break-up for three months... but never had the guts': Holly Hagan discusses Kyle Christie split... and THAT horrendous tattoo 'Don't scare me': Kim Kardashian sobs while learning of husband Kanye West's mental breakdown on KUWTK The 36-year-old reality star received a bad call  Lucy Mecklenburgh flaunts her sensational figure in a series of skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sunshine Thrilled to be back in the sunshine Prince's ex reveals her heartbreak after star burned everything in their dead son's nursery including his urn after... as she shares never-before-seen photos Baby joy for Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk as couple welcome their first child Hollywood actor and Victoria's Secret model are parents Inside the intimate venue where Pippa Middleton will walk down the aisle: Kate's sister chooses family church St Mark's in Berkshire (and it's private)  Lottie Moss enjoys low-key night out with pals after lamenting her 'worrying' choice in men... as beau Alex Mytton is seen groping mystery blonde  Who's Laughing Now? Jessie J flaunts her hot body in miniscule brown bikini before slipping into sexy bright pink two-piece on holiday  Incredible bikini body 'Has Hazel Irvine gone see through?' BBC Sport presenter sends Twitter wild as her top matching the azalea hedge behind her during Masters coverage EXCLUSIVE: My mother's 'hatred' for her Meghan Markle: Prince Harry's girlfriend's family hit as her niece says her own 'abusive' mom is 'jealous'  Stocking up for summer? Nicole Kidman's husband Keith Urban showcases his tattoos as he buys beach umbrellas in Nashville Pregnant Binky Felstead wraps up her burgeoning bump as she returns from Mauritius babymoon with beau Josh 'JP' Patterson Bromance! Matt Damon spends time Down Under with Chris Hemsworth at the Australian star's Byron Bay home Great friends for years Ridiculous ruffles, Bridget Jones pants and Rose Leslie flashes her designer boxers: It's curtains for the 2017 Olivier Awards' worst dressed stars Kate Beckinsale shows off her sensational figure in a red and white strapless bikini as she lounges on glorious hammock over the ocean Enjoyed the heatwave? Lorraine Kelly reveals painful looking sunburn on her arms as she dons chic cream dress Clad in a sleeveless cream dress Mel B 'credits her boss Simon Cowell with helping her to finally leave "bad news" husband Stephen Belafonte amid claims of a decade of abuse' 'I'm not someone who won't eat a chip': Louise Redknapp, 42, shows off her toned stomach for sizzling fitness shoot... as she reveals her attitude to eating  Lauren Goodger debuts new extension-free hairstyle on Instagram after celebrating a milestone one year with jailbird beau Joey Morrison Who nose what he's done? Jean-Claude Van Damme wears a facial bandage... but slips it off for photo Was spotted with a friend in a convertible Teri Hatcher cuts a chic figure in a pastel pink waterfall coat as she takes on role of new villain in Supergirl on set in Vancouver Filming in Canada One racy number! Jenson Button's model girlfriend Brittny Ward turns her sexy snaps up a gear as she poses in VERY seductive bikini Instagrams Goldie Hawn can't stop giggling with old pal Quincy Jones at gala... before they're hilariously dwarfed by basketball star Kareem Abdul-Jabbar 'Trying on swimmers for vacay!' MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts her toned frame in slinky one-shouldered swimsuit... as she preps for FIFTH holiday Lewis Hamilton gets Chinese tattoo meaning 'brave warrior' and 'love' on same day he won Grand Prix in Shanghai Hamilton showed off the his latest tattoo Ryan Giggs's estranged wife Stacey arrives at the High Court for the latest round of their £48million divorce battle So it continues That's the spirit! Mischa Barton enjoys leisurely rooftop drinks with a male pal... after winning restraining order extension to block sale of her sex tape British Vogue appoints its first ever black MALE editor who wants to end the 'white-out that dominates magazines' - and who pipped Sam Cam's sister to the post  Only the best for Miss West! North, three, hints at her superstar roots as she totes £4K Fendi handbag for church trip with cousin Penelope Cute cousins 'We are so proud of you': Jools Oliver wishes daughter Daisy a happy 14th birthday with sweet Instagram snap of her cradling baby River Mum of five Ashley James flashes sideboob and her peachy posterior in a skimpy white swimsuit in sizzling throwback snap   Body confidence queen Greg Rutherford and partner Susie Verrill announce they are expecting another little boy in July in sweet Instagram post with son Milo, 2 David Beckham enjoys some bonding time with daughter Harper as she plants a kiss on his cheek in adorable snap He spent last weekend bonding with his sons 'He's a bit seedy and a loner': Riz Ahmed's character is hailed as a 'terrific creation' as he stars alongside Billie Piper in 'intense' City Of Tiny Lights He shoots, he scores! Ansel Elgort takes high school sweetheart Violetta Komyshan on date to a hockey game... and wins a sweet kiss Just the two of us 'She wants it done and dusted': Mel B 'to offer Stephen Belafonte £5M and private island in divorce settlement... but only if he agrees to gagging order' 'Girls are better at investigating!' Freida Pinto hints she'd like to play a female 007... but says she'd only take Bond Girl role if she 'had a voice'  'I don't have a problem with it': Tom Hiddleston reveals he's confident and comfortable doing nude scenes He's left fans very hot under the collar Disturbing truth about Janet Jackson's marriage: How pop star's wedding to her Qatari husband was a mixing of two VERY different cultures  My children won't get their hands on my fortune, says Gordon Ramsay as he reveals they don't get to sit in first class with him or eat at his restaurants Michael McIntyre hobbles along in a support boot as he jets off on Easter holidays with wife Kitty and their sons Family time 'It's graphic torture threats': Chloe Madeley shares sizzling bikini-clad selfie... after revealing she's hired a private investigator amid stalker hell Pretty Little High-Flyers: Ashley Benson is pictured with handsome mystery man as they leave the iconic Chateau Marmont together  Game of Thrones couple Kit Harington and Rose Leslie put on an amorous display at the 2017 Olivier Awards... as the stunning actress flashes her Dior boxers Belle of the ball! Amanda Holden dazzles in Beauty and the Beast inspired backless ball gown at the 2017 Olivier Awards Britain's Got Talent judge Tearful Billie Piper thanks her children as she wins Best Actress while Harry Potter and the Cursed Child steals the show scooping NINE prizes at the Oliviers Have I Told You Lately That I Love You: Rod Stewart, 72, and Penny Lancaster, 46, look close as they hold hands on family outing in Bel Air EastEnders' £400,000-a-year bad boy Danny Dyer 'earns £100,000 MORE than any of his co-stars including soap icons Steve McFadden and June Brown' Tatt's another one! Brooklyn Beckham goes under the needle again... days after being accused of 'disrespect' over 'meaningless' Native American tattoo 'You will be in my heart forever': RHOM's Gina Liano posts touching tribute to late father Nick after he passes away at age 83 following battle with dementia  TOWIE's Danielle Armstrong flaunts her sensational figure in sizzling red swimsuit... days after shock brawl with Yazmin Oukhellou over ex James Lock Embattled Mel B stopped by police for minor traffic violation in Los Angeles amid scandal-ridden split with Stephen Belafonte In her Range Rover Victoria Beckham's sold out Target range is selling for FOUR times the price on eBay... as star issues an apology after customers complain  'It's a nightmare for his career': Harry Styles could miss out on number one spot for debut solo single due to Spotify 'streaming error' Bad luck, Harry Charlotte Crosby's boyfriend Stephen Bear reveals VERY racy way he keeps the romance alive when they're apart and says he wants to PROPOSE in this year Ex-TOWIE star Jessica Wright giggles her way through cosy dinner with male pal as she dazzles in chic floral gown Eating out with friends in London Nancy Dell'Olio appears in high spirits in jaw-dropping sheer gown as she leads the jubilant celebrations at the Olivier Awards after-party SPOILER ALERT: 'No more heartache!' Homeland fans take to Twitter to mourn the shocking death of beloved character during season finale Mum-of-two Myleene Klass shows off her superb bikini body in a skimpy black and white two piece as she splashes around in Sri Lanka Millie Mackintosh goes for boho summer chic as she enjoys a smooch with boyfriend Hugo Taylor on leisurely night out Leisurely evening out Lily Collins keeps it casual in an oversized denim jacket and baggy trousers as she runs errands An altogether more pared back look  Daddy off duty! Liam Payne, 23, leaves new mum Cheryl, 33, home with their baby as he plays basketball in the glorious sunshine Quiet time 'It's like he's never been gone!': Twitter goes wild for Eamonn Holmes as he reunites with Kate Garraway after 12 years and returns to ITV breakfast 'I saved her life when she had a seizure': 'Panicked' Zoe Hardman relives horrific moment she found four-month-old baby Luna convulsing in her cot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop More from Complex  GO90  Rated Red  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Sports Sports Martellus Bennett Isn't a Rapper But He Freestyles With Julian Edelman All the Time Share Tweet Martellus Bennett Isn't a Rapper But He Freestyles With Julian Edelman All the Time By Dria Roland Send sneakers + invites @DreeTV Apr 10, 2017 Share Tweet Image via Getty/ Icon Sportswire The 2016-2017 season is just one chapter in Martellus Bennett’s life, but it’s a pretty good one. The tight end more than filled in for the injured Rob Gronkowski; he balled his way to a career-high seven touchdowns and a victory with the Patriots in Super Bowl LI. But then he turned the page. Bennett decided in the offseason to take his talents to the Packers, where, inspired by Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett (his brother), he plans to donate 100 percent of his future jersey sales to afterschool programs. And the CEO of The Imagination Agency made time for another pursuit: releasing an EP titled I’m Not A Rapper But Some of My Friends Are… He’s not the only baller who put out a musical project recently, but Martysaurus Rex is not trying to front like he’s a hardcore rapper. “I’m a dad. I do dad stuff, so I rap about dad stuff,” he tells Complex. That means on the lighthearted, five-song EP you can expect to hear songs about his love for dinosaurs, his grocery store of choice, and even NBA great Shaquille O’Neal. You know, stuff normal people can relate to, even if they didn’t just sign a $21 million deal. Bennett took a break from training in Hawaii with his brother to talk about the EP, freestyling with Julian Edelman, and whether he’s a better rapper than Shaq. (This interview has been edited for length and clarity.) This is not your first foray into music. Is this a passion project or something you plan on really pursuing? People don’t know this, but I actually have another [project] on iTunes from like six years ago, and then I have other mixtapes too that no one really knows about, so I’ve always dabbled in music a little bit. My first EP I did with my brother, we went by Marty and Shaud. It was called Fast Food, which was on iTunes as well, but that was like six years ago, five years ago actually, so that’s why I decided to do another one. I think I will do something else. I saw something come out that said [Steelers running back] Le’Veon Bell had a tape and some people thought it was better than mine, so that was kind of like a challenge to be like, “All right, let me go make some more stuff.” So because there are a number of athletes dropping projects, why should someone check out yours? I think if you wanna know more about who I am as a person, that’s what the music is about. I’m not in the trap. Like I said on one of the songs, “Trappin out the garage movin' apps and not weight.” I’m still trappin out the garage, like now I’m just selling apps; we’re not selling drugs. [Laughs.] Let’s take the song “Whole Foods.” Most people rap about having a Benz or the big house with a gold chain, but to me, it’s really strange growing up getting all your groceries at HUB or Walmart, and now, always going to Whole Foods. It’s like a huge dynamic change in life, so for me it’s the same thing, it’s like flexin. That’s me rappin like I got 20 gold chains and I got a Maybach, but now, I’m at Whole Foods in the produce aisle handpicking my fruit. I’m a dad, I do dad stuff, so I rap about dad stuff. shaq was one of my favorite athletes growing up. i wanna make kazaam 2. What was the inspiration behind the song “ShaqFu”? Are you just a big Shaq fan? Shaq was one of my favorite athletes growing up. As far as from him being in Kazaam—like I wanna make Kazaam 2—everything from him being in Kazaam, to him rapping, to the way he was on and off the court, he was just one of my favorite athletes growing up. And as a businessman, he’s quite savvy as a businessman, too, so there’s a lot of aspects about Shaq that I really admire, so “ShaqFu” was like a freestyle—Shaq always freestyled, too—so it was like a tribute to Shaq. Are you a better rapper than Shaq? Oh yeah. I mean, I ain’t go platinum like he did, but it would be cool to do a remix with Shaq. Get him in the studio and get him on the remix. Image via Getty/Maddie Meyer Between winning the Super Bowl and getting up to speed as you join the Packers, when did you even have time to make an EP? The whole mixtape was recorded in 36 hours. Some of my friends are producers, so we picked a couple beats that we liked and we literally wrote it on the spot. And I was just like I wanna make something that’s fun and lively and make a song about Whole Foods, like, who does that? [Laughs.] It was just a bunch of dudes, we left and went to Pappadeaux, I bought everybody lunch, and we came back and made another song. How has the response been? It’s funny ‘cause I screenshot the tweets and sent ‘em over to the guys who were in the music. Everybody loved it. For me, creativity is always one of those things where you put yourself out there, and every musician’s like that. I wouldn’t say I’m a musician, but I am a true creative, and that’s everything from interior decorating to writing books to making movies, or whatever it may be. But it was just interesting, a lot of people loved it. And the people that love it is who you actually make it for. They appreciate that it’s different, it’s cool. Every single song was somebody’s favorite, which was the coolest thing about it.   BTS look at my creative process for coming up with my lyrics for my music. If you haven't heard "I'm not a rapper but some of my friends are.." you should check it out. Full video on @theimaginationagency YouTube page. Go check it out. #MartyGotBars #theimaginationagency #ImNotARapper #Freestyles A post shared by Martellus Bennett (@martellusb) on Apr 3, 2017 at 9:50pm PDT I saw a behind-the-scenes video on Instagram that showed you freestyling in the car. Is that where you get a lot of ideas? I freestyle with all of my friends all the time. I even freestyle in the locker room; we have Freestyle Fridays. We just get instrumentals, and all the guys would get in a circle and just start rapping and it was just kinda fun. It’s something I been doing for a long time. You did that with the Patriots? I did it with the Patriots, I did it with every team I’ve been on. Me and Julian Edelman freestyle in the car all the time. That’s something I really respect about you, how you reject stereotypes and don’t let people confine you to football. I think that’s the whole goal. I think everyone should define themselves because if you let others define you, you’re never gonna like the definition of who you are.   Mr. McPhee.. 😂 #theimaginationagency A post shared by Martellus Bennett (@martellusb) on Mar 30, 2017 at 2:31pm PDT A.J., the character you created to star in your children’s books and app through The Imagination Agency, is based on your daughter. Does she understand your day job as a professional football player? I hope not. She likes to play football with me, she likes to play catch, but I try to make it so she doesn’t have to deal with the stresses of the game or what I do. She looks at football more as, “Oh daddy, you’re gonna play football?” And l’m like, “Yeah, I’m bout to go to play today.” But then she looks at me making A.J. or drawing or doing cartoon characters as my job. She sees me in the office doing that; she gets to spend time in there. She’s like, “Oh daddy, let’s go make something.” She looks at me more like a creative than an athlete, but she knows that I play football. once you start winning, it's hard to go back to losing. Speaking of football, last season you won the Super Bowl. It seems like you’d stay in New England if you want to keep winning.  The Packers were in the NFC Championship last year, so they were a couple plays away from being in the Super Bowl. So I feel like it’s another organization that has a winning tradition. Once you start winning it’s hard to go back to losing. I’m at the point now where I’m interested in winning on the field but I also want to continue to win at life, so I just felt like the Packers and the organization, they let me be who I am, and I feel like that’s gonna let me continue to win as well as perform well on the field. Did you feel like being with the Patriots added scrutiny to your pursuits off the field? I never really gave a shit. A lot of guys, they don’t have morals or ethics. I am who I am and I believe in what I believe in. I’ma stand true to that. Like I always said, there’s a lot of issues and things in the world; I’m still a part of the world, I’m still a part of this universe, so things, they affect me, they affect my family, my friends, they affect people I care about, so I’m not one of those guys to just stand by and watch someone get robbed. If I see someone getting robbed, I’ma do what I can to help out. a lot of the nfl is old school, and the powers that be have been the same way for centuries. What’s your take on what’s happening with Colin Kaepernick? I think there’s several different aspects of it, but I do think that a lot of people are afraid of that. They’re afraid of an individual who’s able to speak up, especially with the quarterback, who’s the face of the franchise. It’s different when you’re a receiver or running back, you know, they don’t view that as the face of the franchise. They feel like the quarterback represents the entire franchise, so I think it’s a little bit harder for him right now to get work. But he was playing well—there’s a lot of quarterback getting jobs that are not playing to his abilities or playing the way that he did last year signing contracts every single day. Kaerpernick’s a good friend of my brother’s; they talk all the time. I think what’s his is his, it’s gonna come to him. I think a lot of the NFL is old school and the powers that be, they’ve been the same way for centuries. We’re probably one of the least innovative leagues around, or least progressive. These are takes you aren't shy about expressing on Twitter especially. Do you appreciate being able to use social media as a platform? It’s hard sometimes when you do interviews because your thoughts are rechanneled to fit the way the story rolls and things like that, but if there’s anything I want to say, like tweet it. It’s like direct, exactly what I wanted to say, exactly how I wanted to say it, which I appreciate. Then as far as branding goes, for me my brand is authenticity; I am who I am, what you see is what you get. But a lot of guys like to craft these personas and show those things for the marketers and things like that. I don’t have time to craft myself. I never understood why Clark Kent wanted to be a news reporter and then Superman. I was like, if I’m Superman I just wanna be Superman all the time. I’m not gonna hide the most awesome part of myself just to fit into society. I’ma walk around and be like, “Hey look, I’m Superman!” That’s just who I am.     WatchNow Tags: Features, Interviews, Green Bay Packers, Kids, Mixtapes, Music, New England Patriots, Patriots, Shaq, Super Bowl, Whole Foods, Martellus Bennett, Michael Bennett  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments Lateststories LeBron James Reportedly Would've Stayed in Miami If Heat Won 2014 NBA Finals BY Jose Martinez 4 hours ago Martellus Bennett Isn't a Rapper But He Freestyles With Julian Edelman All the Time BY Dria Roland 9 hours ago DeMarcus Cousins Throws Shade at Lonzo Ball: 'Never Heard of Him' BY Chris Yuscavage 11 hours ago How Many 'Signature Moments' Does Russell Westbrook Need to Convince Us He's the NBA MVP? BY Chris Yuscavage 13 hours ago Sneakers Sneaker Shopping With Allen Iverson D'Angelo Russell Sinks Game-Winning Buzzer-Beater Hours After Death of Grandmother BY Chris Yuscavage 18 hours ago Myles Garrett Says if He Doesn't Go No. 1 in NFL Draft, He'll 'Punish Your Team' and 'Knock Out Your QB' BY Kyle Neubeck Apr 9, 2017 People Think Russell Westbrook Solidified Himself as League MVP by Breaking Triple-Double in a Season Record BY Jose Martinez Apr 9, 2017 Sergio Garcia Wins the 2017 Masters Golf Tournament BY Kyle Neubeck Apr 9, 2017 Music LeBron James Teases New Tracks From Meek Mill and Nipsey Hussle on Instagram BY Omar Burgess Apr 9, 2017 Load More Stories NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map FeedsPersonalization MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Salt levels mean Twin Cities lakes won't support fish by 2050 Official: Russia knew Syrian chemical attack was coming Teacher, boy die when husband opens fire in California class Ellison traveling U.S. as evangelist for Democrats Scientists fear loss of climate data as Trump aims at satellites Schafer: Wells Fargo CEO didn't take 'run it like you own it' mantra to heart Wild goalie Dubnyk seeks return to early-season dominance Rumors of stepped-up raids send Twin Cities illegal immigrants into shadows Moose rescued from Hungry Jack Lake in N. Minnesota Scoggins: Coach Boudreau's got nothing on Chef Boudreau Video of passenger getting dragged off flight sparks uproar next Nation 419080844 Dead bat found inside package of salad in Florida The bat was too badly decomposed to determine whether it had rabies. The salad maker issued a recall.  By Christopher Mele New York Times April 10, 2017 — 4:41pm Eric Gay &#x2022; Associated Press Bats emerge from a cave in Texas. Two people in Florida ate some salad from a container before discovering the remains of a dead bat inside of it, officials said. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Two people in Florida ate some salad from a container before discovering the remains of a dead bat inside of it, officials said. The bat — a Mexican free-tailed bat — was sent last week to a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention laboratory for rabies testing because the animals in the United States can sometimes carry the disease, the agency said in a statement on Saturday. However, the bat was too badly decomposed to determine whether it had rabies. Transmission of rabies by eating a rabid animal is "extremely uncommon," the agency said, adding that the virus does not survive for long outside the infected animal. Florida health officials were evaluating the people who ate the salad. They reported being in good health and neither exhibited any signs of rabies, the CDC said. "In this circumstance, the risk of rabies transmission is considered to be very low, but because it isn't zero, the two people who ate salad from the package that contained the bat were recommended to begin post-exposure rabies treatment," it said. Based on the bat's deteriorated condition, it was likely in the container for "a number of days," Thomas W. Skinner, a CDC spokesman, said in an e-mail on Monday. This species of bat, also known as a Brazilian free-tailed bat, is commonly found throughout much of the United States, Mexico, Central America and southwestern South America. The agency was not aware of any other reports of bat material in packaged salads. It was not immediately clear where in Florida or when the bat was found. Details about the consumers were not released, to protect their privacy, Skinner wrote. The bat was found in a 5-ounce clear container of Organic Marketside Spring Mix. The salad maker Fresh Express issued a recall on Saturday after it said it was notified that "extraneous animal matter was allegedly found" in a single container, according to a notice on the Food and Drug Administration's website. The company said all the salads manufactured in the same production run were being recalled "out of an abundance of caution." The packages had the production code G089B19, a best-if-used-by date of April 14 on the front label and the UPC code 681131328975 on the bottom. The recalled salads were distributed only to Wal-Mart stores in the Southeast, the company said. No other Marketside salads were affected, and Fresh Express salads were not subject to the recall. Wal-Mart immediately removed the product from its store shelves, and Fresh Express initiated a recall of about 600 cases, the companies said. In its recall notice, Fresh Express said food safety and rapid response teams "acted immediately to review all relevant records, launch an intensive investigation and initiate product removal and recall procedures." It said stringent controls are used to guard against "field material" from entering the raw products and that washing and filtration systems and visual inspections are used to eliminate "unwanted debris." A company spokeswoman, Barbara H. Hines, said in an e-mail that there was no reason to believe it was "anything other than an isolated incident." Though this episode has grabbed headlines and was high in "ick factor," food safety experts said on Monday that occurrences like this one were extraordinarily rare. Dan Flynn, editor-in-chief of Food Safety News, wrote in an e-mail that "other vermin, mice mostly, do show up in bagged salads once or twice a year." Those are likely deliberately planted by someone in the retail stores, he added. Haragopal Parsa, a professor at the University of Denver who studies food and restaurant trends, said in an e-mail that most foreign matter appearing in packaged salads are "broken stem pieces, stalks, plastic wire pieces or small wood chips, not animal parts." Brian Kellerman, a founder of Kellerman Consulting in Columbus, Ohio, which does food safety consulting, said it's rare but possible for a bat to get into a finished product during the manufacturing process. A bat or a bird can enter a plant through a vent, a hole or an open dock door and perch there, he wrote. "It could then make its way to a production area, and if the controls in the facility are particularly lax (this is especially true if the equipment is automated), the animal could make its way into the production line without being caught," he said by e-mail. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Minnetonka grandmaster is new U.S. Chess Champion Video of passenger getting dragged off flight sparks uproar Salt levels mean Twin Cities lakes won't support fish by 2050 Official: Russia knew Syrian chemical attack was coming Lileks: Sunday liquor sales will bring a pink airborne nightmare New patio furniture outlet takes on Pottery Barn and Frontgate DNR: Importing golden shiners too risky 1 dead, 14 sickened in New Zealand typhoid fever outbreak US factories expand again in March but at slower pace Philippines seeks China's clarification on shoal plans General Mills says sales of "light" yogurts hurting the most More From Nation Nation 6 minutes ago Navy says no charges in drowning death during SEAL training The Navy will not pursue criminal charges in the drowning of a sailor who was repeatedly pushed underwater by an instructor during Navy SEAL basic training in California, authorities said. Variety 10 minutes ago 'Worst nightmare': Parents wait in agony after shooting For Elizabeth Barajas it had been an hours-long nightmare waiting to learn the fate of the daughter she had dropped off at school a couple of hours before police reported gunfire in a classroom that left two adults and one child dead and another child wounded. TV & Media 10 minutes ago Brief marriage precedes fatal San Bernardino school shooting A brief marriage and quick estrangement came before a man walked into his wife's elementary school class and opened fire without saying a word, killing her and an 8-year-old student and wounding a 9-year-old student before fatally shooting himself, authorities said. National 21 minutes ago The Latest: Girl recounts seeing friend, teacher get shot The Latest on a shooting at an elementary school in San Bernardino (all times local): Nation 26 minutes ago Closing arguments in trial over fatal school bathroom fight A Delaware judge is hearing closing arguments in the trial of three girls charged in a school bathroom fight that left a 16-year-old girl dead. Top Stories Salt levels mean Twin Cities lakes won't support fish by 2050 Apr. 10 Official: Russia knew Syrian chemical attack was coming 51 minutes ago Teacher, boy die when husband opens fire in California class Apr. 10 Most Read Teacher, boy die when husband opens fire in California class • Nation Scientists fear loss of climate data as Trump aims at satellites • Nation 9 life sentences in state case on Charleston church slayings • Nation Closing arguments in trial over fatal school bathroom fight • Nation Florida sheriff stands with masked deputies to warn heroin dealers • Nation World New UN peace messenger Malala will promote girls' education Hungary's president signs bill aimed at Soros-founded school Nation 9 life sentences in state case on Charleston church slayings Music legend Chuck Berry remembered in rock 'n' roll style Politics Ellison traveling U.S. as evangelist for Democrats Scientists fear loss of climate data as Trump aims at satellites markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild goalie Dubnyk seeks return to early-season dominance Scoggins: Coach Boudreau's got nothing on Chef Boudreau Twins Sano, Buxton trending in opposite directions through first week Santana plays ace card, leading Twins over Chicago Wolves Designer's work on new Wolves logo is at heart of rebranding The Wolves and those 22 games that got away ... Celebrities Prince George, Princess Charlotte to be in Pippa's wedding Ex-lead singer Steve Perry returns for Journey's induction into Rock Hall Super Bowl LII Super Bowl hosts share the wealth statewide Minnesotans get applications in fast to volunteer for 2018 Super Bowl poll Poll: Who will win the Wild-Blues playoff series? 10,000 Takes How I learned to stop worrying and start loving leggings How the 1987 Minnesota Twins helped me grieve my father Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Minnesota Somali-American taking modeling world by storm 02:13 Nineteen-year-old Halima Aden's dramatic ascent has taken her from cleaning ... Taste Norway's Waffle Queen cooks up Nordic empire in Minneapolis This brunch menu is perfect for spring, and features the words 'caramel' and 'bacon' StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Aol.com Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Taxes My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective NEEDHAM: Amazon's stock is going a lot higher from here Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Greg Hoffman Apr 10th 2017 3:56PM In the last year, Amazon's stock has leaped from $600 to $900. However, it's just getting started, according to Needham & Company analyst Kerry Rice, who is setting his price target at $1,100. In a note circulated to clients April 10, Rice upgraded Amazon to "Buy" from "Hold" and wrote, "We believe Amazon's established dominance in U.S. is sustainable with Prime, mobile penetration and third-party growth." Rice says that Amazon is growing at 30% a year, double then industry average, thanks in large part to Amazon Prime. According to research firm Consumer IntelligenceResearch Partners, Amazon has about 65 million Prime members in U.S. Considering that most households share one Prime account that means that approximately half of all US households have Prime, that's up from less than 5% in 2011, Rice says. Prime members spend about double what non-Prime members spend each year and 80% of them shop on Amazon every month. Needham & Company Additionally, Amazon is by far the most used e-commerce app. About 76% of consumers have the app versus the next competitor, Walmart, which is used by about 33% of consumers. Americans shop online about 67% of the time, giving Amazon a pretty big advantage. Needham & Company What most people don't realize is that third-party selling, which makes up 49% of sales, is more profitable for Amazon. That number is expected to overtake first-party sales this year. There are now over 100,000 sellers on Amazon that do more than $100,000 in business each year. Needham estimates third-party revenue grew 41% in 2016, compared to first-party growth of 23%. Needham & Company Needham is excited about Amazon's growth potential as it expands into new markets such as Australia, Brazil, China, India, Southeast Asia, and many others. Rice says that Amazon has gotten very proficient at international rollouts and is successful by picking one area to focus on at first in each new market, such as books or electronics. Additionally, Needham thinks that Amazon may beat out Netflix to be the worlds largest international video streamer, saying: If Prime Video gains traction internationally in a similar fashion as Netflix's international expansion, one could expect the service to reach 20 million subscribers and over $1 billion in revenue by the end of 2020 (Figure 10). We believe Prime Video could ramp faster than Netflix's international growth given that Prime Video launched simultaneously in more than 200 countries, compared to Netflix, which gradually expanded its service from Canada to Latin America to Europe to rest of the world over 6 years. Needham & Company Finally, Rice notes the importance of Amazon Web Services: In 2016, AWS generated revenue of $12 billion, up 55% y/y, representing 9% of Amazon's total revenue and 15% of its total revenue growth. While the revenue growth is expected to slow down given its increasing scale, we expect it to continue grow 30-50% until 2020. All of that adds up to the stock going a lot higher from here, Rice says. Click here for a real-time Amazon chart Market Insider NOW WATCH: People are outraged by a Pepsi ad starring Kendall Jenner — here's how the company responded ​​​​​ See Also: United's shares are up even as fury over its removal of a passenger grows PIPER JAFFRAY: Tesla is one growth stock 'investors can't afford to ignore' The 13 best US stocks you can buy right now, according to Credit Suisse Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. From Our Partners Bullfrog Swallows A Tiny Newt Whole - But Isn't Prepared When It Fights Back From Within Baby Encounters A Pony For Very The First Time - But Nobody Could Have Predicted What 15 Loopholes Just Dying to Be Exploited and the Evil Geniuses Who Discovered Them The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 2 cards charging 0% interest for 21 months Pay no interest until June 2018 with this card The highest paying cash back card is here Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Pay off your house at a furious pace if you owe less than $625k Congress gives American homeowners who owe less than $300-625k a once in a lifetime mortgage bailout Earn 10x the national average in your savings account Investment Accounts For Any Type of Investor Interest rates on the rise! Put your money in a new CD account today 15 reasons why the irs might decide to audit you 10 worst states in america for fair tax systems You probably can’t afford to live in the world’s 10 most expensive cities 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon 15 Least Stressed Cities in America The 15 Best Places to Live in the United States Recommended For You 1 New video surfaces of booted United passenger saying 'Just kill me' 2 Trump's presidency damages his endorsement power, NBC poll shows Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,357.161.620.07% DJIA20,658.021.920.01% NASDAQ5,880.933.110.05% DAX12,200.52-24.54-0.20% NIKKEI 22518,747.87-50.01-0.27% HANG SENG24,068.50-193.68-0.80% USD (per EUR)1.060.00-0.10% USD (per CHF)1.010.000.09% JPY (per USD)110.54-0.17-0.15% GBP (per USD)1.240.00-0.07% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Hyperloop: Transportation nirvana or pipedream?CNNMoney Coal country to Trump: We want jobs of the futureCNNMoney Fox News, Bill O'Reilly face growing pressureCNNMoney Payless ShoeSource is filing for bankruptcyCNNMoney Mexico doubles down on pivot away from U.S.CNNMoney 6 things that happened in Trumpworld this weekCNNMoney The Wells Fargo scandal is far from overCNNMoney Earnings growth may be best since late 2011CNNMoneyBy PubExchange Tue, Apr 11 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Change weather location Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Video Shop Finance Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile Finance © 2017  AOL Inc.
Like Towleroad Daily Resist POLITICS Travel Music Theatre Film TV Sports Nature Business Men Marriage Equality Space Trans Rights Books Science Gay Iconography TowleREAD BREAKING: Bloody Man Violently Dragged Off Overbooked United Flight as Passengers Shriek in Horror: WATCH Idaho Man Who Left Gay Man to Die After Stripping, Beating, and Robbing Him Gets 28 to Life in Prison PreviousPrevious StoryChristian Rocker Trey Pearson Has a Religious Gay Experience in First Music Video Since Coming Out: WATCH NextNext StoryHomophobic, Family Values Alabama Governor Robert Bentley Resigns Over Extramarital Affair Cover-Up by Andy Towle April 10, 2017 | 4:53pm Share449 Comments Kelly Schneider, the Idaho man who with three others left 49-year-old Steven Nelson in the woods to die after stripping him, kicking him with steel toed boots at gunpoint, and stealing his car, has been sentenced to 28 years to life in prison. Nelson’s family was in the courtroom at the sentencing, the Idaho Statesman reports: “You want to talk about impact on our lives?” Edgar Nelson asked 3rd District Judge Thomas J. Ryan. “I don’t know where to start. After 49 years, his prints are in our lives and in our hearts everywhere.” Steven Nelson died after he responded to an online ad promising a sexual encounter. He was instead attacked by Kelly Schneider, who yelled homophobic slurs while kicking him repeatedly with steel-toed boots, then stripped and robbed him in the pre-dawn darkness near Gott’s Point, prosecutors have said. The critically injured man walked, naked and without shoes, for about a half mile after the April 29 assault to reach a house and get help. He died several hours later at a hospital but was able to provide Canyon County sheriff’s investigators with detailed information that helped identify his attackers. The Idaho Press-Tribune reported in May 2016: Nelson had responded to an ad in the male escort section of the website Backpage that later turned out to be only a ploy, according to police. The ad showed a heavily tattooed man with his face covered. The tattoos later helped identify Kelly Schneider, the suspected primary perpetrator. Nelson met Schneider at the Wal-Mart at Roosevelt Avenue and Middleton Road in Nampa and drove him to Gotts Point, where Nelson requested sex from Schneider in exchange for money, according to probable cause affidavits. Another man later arrived at Gotts Point with what Nelson told police was a rifle. Two others also showed up and attacked him, kicked him and stripped him of his clothes and wallet, according to the court documents. The men took Nelson’s car and left him naked and alone to die. Kelly Schneider, Jayson Woods and Kevin Tracy, all of Nampa, and Daniel Henkel, of Wilder, all appeared in court Monday on charges of first-degree murder, robbery and other charges in connection to Nelson’s death. KTVB added: After parking and exiting the car, [Deputy Prosecutor Chris] Boyd said Schneider threw Nelson to the ground and kicked him repeatedly. “The others are alleged that he’s the one who met with him, he’s the one who kicked Mr. Nelson over and over again, with steel-toed boots,” said Boyd, “He’s the one, who in a very depraved fashion, took his clothes, his wallet, took his keys and left him literally naked out in 30 degree weather early in the morning. “ According to court documents, Tracy told investigators that Schneider kicked the victim about 30 times while he was on the ground. The suspect told police Nelson begged them not to kill him, and offered Schneider his credit cards and PIN number if they let him go. Henkel and Schneider were later captured on surveillance tape using Nelson’s card to withdraw $123 from the Albertsons at 12th Avenue and Greenhurst Road. The money was later divvied up among the suspects, according to court documents. Nelson, who had broken ribs and was bleeding from the ear, walked to a nearby home, where residents called 911. He was transported to a local hospital, where he died of cardiac arrest a few hours later. The victim was able to tell police what happened and described the man shown in the Backpage ad before his death. Schneider was the ringleader of the group. The Idaho Statesman adds: A codefendant, Jayson Woods, is scheduled to be sentenced Tuesday. Kevin Tracy and Daniel Henkel, who have both pleaded guilty, were accused of hiding nearby during the attack in case Schneider needed backup. Tracy’s sentencing hearing is set for April 24; Henkel’s is May 1. PreviousPrevious StoryChristian Rocker Trey Pearson Has a Religious Gay Experience in First Music Video Since Coming Out: WATCH NextNext StoryHomophobic, Family Values Alabama Governor Robert Bentley Resigns Over Extramarital Affair Cover-Up Share449 Like449 Comments Posted April 10, 2017 at 4:53pm ETC by Andy Towle in hate crime, Idaho, Kelly Schneider Follow Us Like Towleroad Towleroad Video ‘Veep’ Returns, Doctor Who’s New Gay Companion, Hollywood Darlings’ and More TV This Week Share12 Like12 Christian Rocker Trey Pearson Has a Religious Gay Experience in First Music Video Since Coming Out: WATCH Share29 Like29 Neil Gorsuch, Koch Brothers, Pompeii, Tyson Beckford, Dreaming, Carly Rae Jepsen, Julian Assange: HOT LINKS Share19 Like19 Bloody Man Violently Dragged Off Overbooked United Flight as Passengers Shriek in Horror: WATCH Share475 Like475 Billy Hough’s Unfaithful Lover Inspired Him to Write a Heartbreaking Ballad: WATCH Share59 Like59 Chris Hemsworth Isn’t the Only Hulk in the ‘Thor: Ragnarok’ Trailer: WATCH Share28 Like28 Hunk of the Day 26-Year-Old Porter Harry Neale Flexes His Talent for British Stage Competition ‘Let It Shine’ – WATCH Share79 Like79 Columns Recap Bette and Joan Go Another Desperate Round on ‘Feud’ – RECAP Recap Which Queen Made The Best Princess On ‘RuPaul’s Drag Race’? Our Ranking and RECAP Theatre Review Patti Lupone and Christine Ebersole Go Head-to-Head in ‘War Paint’ Musical on Broadway: REVIEW Theatre Review Divine British Comedies Deliver Escape on Broadway in ‘The Play That Goes Wrong’ and ‘Present Laughter’: REVIEW Theatre Review ‘Amélie’ Musical Wanders onto Broadway, Checking Magic at the Door: REVIEW Film Review Two New Movies You Might Like: ‘Boss Baby’ and ‘The Zookeeper’s Wife’ Recap Root Root Root For the Home Queen With This Week’s ‘Drag Race’ Rankings TowleREAD Martin Duberman’s ‘Jews Queers Germans’ Probes the Gay Underground of Pre-Nazi Germany Theatre Review ‘Miss Saigon’ Is Back on Broadway, Older But None the Wiser: REVIEW Recap The Post-‘Baby Jane’ Bump On ‘Feud: Bette and Joan’ – RECAP Latest Posts ‘Veep’ Returns, Doctor Who’s New Gay Companion, Hollywood Darlings’ and More TV This Week7 hours ago Nebraska Supreme Court Rules in Favor of Gay Couples Contesting State Foster Parent Ban: VIDEO8 hours ago Homophobic, Family Values Alabama Governor Robert Bentley Resigns Over Extramarital Affair Cover-Up10 hours ago Christian Rocker Trey Pearson Has a Religious Gay Experience in First Music Video Since Coming Out: WATCH11 hours ago The ‘Sense8’ Season 2 Trailer is a Threat to Secrecy: WATCH12 hours ago Neil Gorsuch, Koch Brothers, Pompeii, Tyson Beckford, Dreaming, Carly Rae Jepsen, Julian Assange: HOT LINKS14 hours ago Bette and Joan Go Another Desperate Round on ‘Feud’ – RECAP15 hours ago Bloody Man Violently Dragged Off Overbooked United Flight as Passengers Shriek in Horror: WATCH16 hours ago Billy Hough’s Unfaithful Lover Inspired Him to Write a Heartbreaking Ballad: WATCH16 hours ago David Gest Hired Hitman to Kill Elton John for Suggesting He was Gay, According to Former Bodyguard17 hours ago Chris Hemsworth Isn’t the Only Hulk in the ‘Thor: Ragnarok’ Trailer: WATCH17 hours ago A Gay Man Has Been Named Editor of British Vogue for the First Time17 hours ago LiveJournal Blog Community Bans Criticism of Russian Govt, Pro-LGBTQ Discussions18 hours ago Human Rights Watch Calls on Indonesia to Release Men Facing 100 Lashes for Gay Sex18 hours ago Russian Hacker with Possible Link to Election Hacking Arrested in Spain at Request of FBI18 hours ago John Oliver Nails the Reason We Should Be ‘Very, Very, Worried’ About Trump’s Activity in Syria – WATCH19 hours ago New Mexico’s GOP Governor Signs Bill Outlawing ‘Conversion Therapy’19 hours ago Indie Film ‘Landline’ Makes History After Getting Licensing Blessing from Chicago Cubs2 days ago You Might Also Like hate crime Idaho Man Who Left Gay Man to Die After Stripping, Beating, and Robbing Him Gets 28 to Life in Prison hate crime Five Teens Who Attacked Gay Dutch Couple for Holding Hands Released from Custody hate crime Thousands March Through Amsterdam to Oppose Anti-LGBT Violence After Attack on Gay Couple Holding Hands: WATCH New York Brooklyn Rapper Mousey Baby Faces 25 Years For Stabbing Two Gay Men: VIDEO hate crime Dutch Lawmakers Hold Hands in Moving Show of Solidarity with Gay Couple Who Were Brutally Attacked hate crime Gay Couple Holding Hands Attacked by Homophobic Teens with Bolt Cutters Latest Posts Idaho Man Who Left Gay Man to Die After Stripping, Beating, and Robbing Him Gets 28 to Life in Prison Check out our weekly guide to TV this week, and make sure you’re catching the big premieres, crucial episodes and the stuff you won’t admit you watch when no one’s looking. The Fosters wraps its fourth season Tuesday at 8 p.m. Eastern on Freeform. Ca… Read Nebraska Supreme Court Rules in Favor of Gay Couples Contesting State Foster Parent Ban: VIDEO The Nebraska Supreme Court has ruled in favor of three couples contesting a state ban prohibiting same-couples from fostering and adopting. Striking down the ban as unconstitutional, the court ruled that the 1995 policy was the same as a “whites only… Read Homophobic, Family Values Alabama Governor Robert Bentley Resigns Over Extramarital Affair Cover-Up Alabama Governor Robert Bentley resigned today in order to avoid impeachment over his affair with aide Rebekah Mason and his attempts to cover it up. The AP reports: The mild-mannered 74-year-old Republican and one-time Baptist deacon was at peace wi… Read Idaho Man Who Left Gay Man to Die After Stripping, Beating, and Robbing Him Gets 28 to Life in Prison Kelly Schneider, the Idaho man who with three others left 49-year-old Steven Nelson in the woods to die after stripping him, kicking him with steel toed boots at gunpoint, and stealing his car, has been sentenced to 28 years to life in prison. Nelson… Read Christian Rocker Trey Pearson Has a Religious Gay Experience in First Music Video Since Coming Out: WATCH Christian rocker Trey Pearson, member of the band Everyday Sunday for the last 16 years, came out last May after years struggling to reconcile his faith with his sexuality. Last week he delivered the first fruit of his solo project, a track and video… Read The ‘Sense8’ Season 2 Trailer is a Threat to Secrecy: WATCH The Wachowskis’ brilliant series Sense8 is returning to Netflix on May 5 and the trailer has arrived. RELATED: Towleroad Interview: Miguel Ángel Silvestre, Smoldering Star of ‘Sense8’ Writes EW: …it seems like they won’t be hiding from th… Read Idaho Man Who Left Gay Man to Die After Stripping, Beating, and Robbing Him Gets 28 to Life in Prison SWORN IN. Neil Gorsuch sworn in as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. MAR-A-LAGO MEETING. Trump and the Koch brothers: “Three people familiar with the interaction said it occurred when Trump stopped by as the billionaire brothers were eati… Read Idaho Man Who Left Gay Man to Die After Stripping, Beating, and Robbing Him Gets 28 to Life in Prison After last week’s epic Oscars episode, you’d think the last two people to ever work together again would be Bette Davis and Joan Crawford. However, months have gone by, and neither Bette nor Joan have been able to truly capitalize on Baby Jane’s succ… Read Bloody Man Violently Dragged Off Overbooked United Flight as Passengers Shriek in Horror: WATCH Passengers on an overbooked United Airlines flight from Chicago to Louisville were treated to a horror show on Sunday night when the airline announced that four passengers would be randomly selected to get off the plane. One passenger refused, a man… Read Idaho Man Who Left Gay Man to Die After Stripping, Beating, and Robbing Him Gets 28 to Life in Prison Singer-songwriter Billy Hough, whose “scream-alongs” at the Grotta Bar and the Gifford House in Provincetown, Massachusetts are an institution, released a video for his track “Kentucky Farm” from the album Venice, by Billy Hough & the… Read Most Commented Hot Reads Neil Gorsuch is Trump’s Terrible, No Good Nominee for the Supreme Court: An Analysis 2017 Resolutions All Gay Men Should Consider Comedian Eric Andre: The Gay Interview Straight Journalist Cruises Grindr at the Olympics, Outs Athletes From Anti-Gay Countries There Was a ‘Gays for Trump’ Party at the RNC and It Was Absolutely Insane – VIDEOS, PHOTOS Frank Ocean Pens Emotional Response to Orlando Shooting Noah Galvin From ‘The Real O’Neals’ On Sitcoms, Subversiveness, and Dan Savage: INTERVIEW Michelle Visage Spills The T On ‘Drag Race,’ ‘Big Brother’ and the Election — INTERVIEW Pietro Boselli’s Hard, Wet Ride in a Speedo – LOOK Today's News Jump To Day: Choose ‘Veep’ Returns, Doctor Who’s New Gay Companion, Hollywood Darlings’ and More TV This Week Nebraska Supreme Court Rules in Favor of Gay Couples Contesting State Foster Parent Ban: VIDEO Homophobic, Family Values Alabama Governor Robert Bentley Resigns Over Extramarital Affair Cover-Up Idaho Man Who Left Gay Man to Die After Stripping, Beating, and Robbing Him Gets 28 to Life in Prison Christian Rocker Trey Pearson Has a Religious Gay Experience in First Music Video Since Coming Out: WATCH The ‘Sense8’ Season 2 Trailer is a Threat to Secrecy: WATCH Neil Gorsuch, Koch Brothers, Pompeii, Tyson Beckford, Dreaming, Carly Rae Jepsen, Julian Assange: HOT LINKS Bette and Joan Go Another Desperate Round on ‘Feud’ – RECAP Bloody Man Violently Dragged Off Overbooked United Flight as Passengers Shriek in Horror: WATCH Billy Hough’s Unfaithful Lover Inspired Him to Write a Heartbreaking Ballad: WATCH David Gest Hired Hitman to Kill Elton John for Suggesting He was Gay, According to Former Bodyguard Chris Hemsworth Isn’t the Only Hulk in the ‘Thor: Ragnarok’ Trailer: WATCH A Gay Man Has Been Named Editor of British Vogue for the First Time LiveJournal Blog Community Bans Criticism of Russian Govt, Pro-LGBTQ Discussions Human Rights Watch Calls on Indonesia to Release Men Facing 100 Lashes for Gay Sex Russian Hacker with Possible Link to Election Hacking Arrested in Spain at Request of FBI John Oliver Nails the Reason We Should Be ‘Very, Very, Worried’ About Trump’s Activity in Syria – WATCH New Mexico’s GOP Governor Signs Bill Outlawing ‘Conversion Therapy’ Share This Share3.3k Like3.3k Read Politics Travel Film Theatre Television Science Law – LGBT Rights Columns Specials About Advertise Contact Us About Towleroad Contributors Towleroad on Social Media Privacy Policy Follow Us © 2014 Towleroad. All Rights Reserved.
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Dead Bat Found in Wal-Mart Salad, Recall Issued Dead Bat Found in Wal-Mart Salad, Recall Issued Duration: 00:51s - Published: 10 hours ago< > Embed According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Fresh Express has recalled some of its prepackaged salad mix after a dead bat was discovered inside a bag sold in a Florida Wal-Mart. A statement from the CDC claimed that two people found a dead bat in a bag of salad and that they had eaten some of the salad before discovering the animal. On Saturday Walmart announced a recall of its 5-ounce Organic Marketside Spring Mix packages. 1 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: Dead Bat Found in Wal-Mart Salad, Recall Issued According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Fresh Express has recalled some of its prepackaged salad mix after a dead bat was discovered inside a bag sold in a Florida Wal-Mart. A statement from the CDC claimed that two people found a dead bat in a bag of salad and that they had eaten some of the salad before discovering the animal. On Saturday Walmart announced a recall of its 5-ounce Organic Marketside Spring Mix packages. Recent related news Fresh Express Recalled After Dead Bat Found in SaladFresh Express announced a precautionary recall to a limited number of cases of its Organic Marketside... Newsmax 20 hours ago - US 2 people find dead bat in salad they were eatingMIAMI (AP) — A recall has been issued after two people in Florida found a dead bat in the packaged... Seattle Times 18 hours ago - Front PageAlso reported by •L.A. Times •TMZ.com Dead bat found in packaged salad sold in FloridaA "precautionary recall" has been issued in the U.S. for a number of Organic Marketside Spring Mix... CTV News 1 day ago - WorldAlso reported by •L.A. Times •NYTimes.com •Perez Hilton Dead Bat Prompt Fresh Express Salad RecallA dead bat found a in a pre-packaged salad in Florida has led Fresh Express to issue a recall. cbs4.com 21 hours ago - USAlso reported by •Perez Hilton You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Bashar al-Assad George Soros Current Topics Kay Ivey Phillies Brook Lopez Jay Bruce Wil Myers Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Table 19 Which Iconic Villain Is Returning To Doctor Who? Which Sport Is Taking Up 3D Printing - And Soon? Will The Next Generation Of TRUMPs Be Entering Politics? How Frozen Could Have Ended - And Why We're Glad It Didn't Fancy Seeing Transformers 19? Give It Time Has Jurassic Park Been Found Down Under? Is This The Smallest UK Box Office Gross Of All Time? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Jump to navigation Register / Sign in Subscribe Now! Metashred Extreme Fitness Workouts Sex & Women Health Nutrition Guy Gourmet MH Fitness Council Newsletters Shop Recipes Weight Loss Style Men’s Health Box Podcasts Women’s Health Active Living Guide Video Guy Wisdom MVP Network Discussions Give a Gift Retailer Program Customer Service Manage Email Preferences Media Kit E-Prints, Reprints Lose Your Spare Tire Personal Trainer Copyright Notice Terms of Use Advertise Rodale Inc. Brands Amazon Affiliate Privacy Policy The Editorial Team Site Map Facebook Twitter Instagram Google+ Pinterest Men's Health, The Brand Men Live By Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. No reproduction, transmission or display is permitted without the written permissions of Rodale Inc. Privacy Policy.   About Us. Enter the terms you wish to search for. Maximus Body Fitness Sex Style Subscribe Subscribe Nutrition WTF ​Dead Bat Found In Bag of Walmart Salad ​A recall has been issued for the greens By Ian Servantes April 10, 2017 Johner Images / Getty Images Subscribe X Close State AL AK AS AZ AR AA AE AP CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND MP OH OK OR PW PA RI SC SD TN TX VI UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Your Privacy Rights   Canadian Customers Subscribe X Close State AL AK AS AZ AR AA AE AP CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND MP OH OK OR PW PA RI SC SD TN TX VI UT VT VA WA WV WI WY Your Privacy Rights   Canadian Customers A little bit of protein can spruce up any salad, but this is just ridiculous. An investigation is currently underway after a dead bat was found inside a bagged salad sold at a Florida Walmart. The flying mammal was found inside a bag of Organic Marketside Spring Mix after two people had already began eating it, according to the Guardian. In case you're keeping score at home, Marketside is the same grocery store chain that had its pizzas recalled due to listeria contamination about a month ago. A regional recall has been issued, and the Center for Disease Control is warning Americans not to eat the same bag of salad. A CDC rabies lab tested the offending bat but it hasn’t been definitively tested because of its “decayed state.” The CDC says transmission from eating an infected animal is “extremely uncommon,” but the two people were recommended for treatment anyway just to be safe. Advertisement Advertisement Metashred Newsletter Keep this field blank Enter your email address You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us Fresh Express, the company who made the salad, issued a recall for its salads sold in clear containers with a “best by” date of April 14 and a production code of Go89B19. These salads were only sold in the Southeastern U.S., and all those that haven’t been sold have been removed from stores. Any customer who still got one of the recalled salads should discard them and will be issued a full refund. And anyone who ate such a salad and found any “animal material” should contact their local health department. There haven’t been any other reports of bats all up in a salad, but the CDC, along with the Florida Department of Health and the federal Food and Drug Administration, are conducting an investigation to find out how the bat ended up in the greens. Tags: saladWTF Privacy Policy  |  About Us Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from... {* loginWidget *} With a traditional account... {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} By logging in, you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome back! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Deactivated Account Your account has been deactivated. Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} By clicking "Sign in", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} I have read and agree to the terms of use and privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Edit Your Account Profile Photo {* photoManager *} Linked Accounts {* linkedAccounts *} {* #linkAccountContainer *} Link your accounts Allows you to sign in to your account using that provider in the future. {* loginWidget *} {* /linkAccountContainer *} Password Change Password Deactivate Account Deactivate Account Account Info {* #editProfileForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* gender *} {* birthdate *} {* displayName *} {* emailAddress *} {* resendLink *} {* phone *} {* addressStreetAddress1 *} {* addressStreetAddress2 *} {* addressCity *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* addressState *} {* addressCountry *} {* savedProfileMessage *} {* /editProfileForm *} Change password {* #changePasswordForm *} {* currentPassword *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordForm *} Deactivate your Account Are you sure you want to deactivate your account? You will no longer have access to your profile. {* deactivateAccountForm *} No {* /deactivateAccountForm *} Almost Done! Please provide the information below before signing in. {* #requiredFieldsForm *} {* displayName *} {* backButton *} {* /requiredFieldsForm *} PREV NEXT Ad Blocker Detected Advertising helps us deliver great content at no charge to you To access please enter your email or disable your ad blocker Keep this field blank You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas In this Wednesday, June 24, 2015, file photo, pedestrians pass in front of a Whole Foods Market store in Union Square in New York. (Julie Jacobson/AP) In this Wednesday, June 24, 2015, file photo, pedestrians pass in front of a Whole Foods Market store in Union Square in New York. (Julie Jacobson/AP) Whole Foods shares rally amid rumours of possible sale Add to ... By Craig Giammona and Beth Jinks Bloomberg News Published Monday, Apr. 10, 2017 4:33PM EDT Last updated Monday, Apr. 10, 2017 4:33PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Whole Foods Market Inc. shares surged the most in more than two years after activist investor Jana Partners LLC acquired a stake and suggested that the organic-food grocer consider putting itself up for sale. The investment firm announced an 8.3-per-cent stake in a filing on Monday, saying it would seek talks with management and push for a review of Whole Foods’ strategic alternatives. Jana also may nominate at least three directors in a bid to help foster a turnaround. Whole Foods shares gained as much as 12 per cent to $34.66 in New York, the most since November 2014. The stock had been up 1 per cent this year through the end of last week. The supermarket chain, which helped pioneer the organic-food movement, has been grappling with its worst sales slump in more than a decade. Six straight quarters of declining same-store sales have forced the company to close stores and rein in costs. A record-setting bout of food deflation has put additional pressure on the entire grocery industry. “They went from owning the space to having massive competition,” said Brian Yarbrough, an analyst at Edward Jones. “It’s a strong brand that has really struggled.” Reviewing 365 In announcing its investment, Jana vowed to address the weak performance and potentially shake up the board. The New York-based firm also will examine real estate and Whole Foods’ new small-store format called 365. Still, it may be difficult for Jana to improve performance in the short term, Yarbrough said. An outright sale to a grocery competitor like Kroger Co. may make more sense, he said. “It will be very tough to speed up the turnaround process -- the most upside would be with a sale,” he said. Larger mainstream grocers, including Kroger and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., continue to advance on Whole Foods’ organic turf, weighing on sales. Whole Foods has sought to fight back by offering more discounts and starting the new 365 chain, which is aimed at younger shoppers. But the strategy has been slow to pay off. The slump prompted Whole Foods to shrink the size of its chain this quarter for the first time in more than a decade. The company, which has about 440 U.S. stores, also abandoned its longer-term growth target of reaching 1,200 locations, seeking instead to get expenses under control. Founder’s Role The comeback effort is in the hands of Chief Executive Officer John Mackey, a co-founder of the Austin, Texas-based company who retook sole leadership last year. He had served as co-CEO with Walter Robb until November. The struggles have fueled speculation that an activist investor will step forward and push for changes. As Jana fills that role, the firm is looking to reassess everything from Whole Foods’ brand to the way it schedules worker hours. Monday’s filing named five co-investors working with Jana, including three who have agreed to stand as dissident director nominees should Jana pursue a proxy fight in 2018: Glenn Murphy, Thomas Dickson, and Meredith Adler. The other two are Diane Dietz and Mark Bittman, who are acting as consultants. Bittman is a well-known food journalist and author who previously wrote a column for the New York Times. Jana’s most recent activist encounters have happened largely behind the scenes. Last month, the hedge fund announced an agreement with Blackhawk Network Holdings Inc. to add two independent directors -- before it had even disclosed its 4.7 percent stake in the prepaid-payment network. In February, Jana struck similar settlements with drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and jeweler Tiffany & Co. without any public scuffles. The Whole Foods encounter started with a different tone: Jana released an activist 13D filing that includes names of potential dissident director nominees. That suggests it’s prepared for a proxy fight for control of the board. “The shares are undervalued and represent an attractive investment opportunity,” the firm said in the filing. “Jana has substantial experience analyzing and investing in the grocery sector and more broadly across the food and retail sectors.” Report Typo/Error   KR-NKroger Co Latest Price$30.19 0.00 (0.00%) Updated April 10 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Whole Foods gets religion, but now it needs reinvention Canada’s agri-food sector is growing, but supply-managed sectors are lagging behind Freshii aims to add 150 to 160 restaurants this year Topics Whole Foods Market Inc. The Kroger Co. Retail Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Scarlett Johansson 'disappointed' in Ivanka Trump Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Four personal finance books millennials should read News Five B.C. hikers die after falling from unstable ledge of snow News Passenger dragged off United Airlines flight sparks uproar News Video: Great Barrier Reef damaged by second straight year of bleaching News Opinion: Saunders: Trump's surprise airstrike part of U.S. political tradition News Justin Trudeau honours fallen soldiers at Vimy Ridge News Two adults, student dead in California school shooting News BC Liberals promise tax cuts in election campaign platform Report on Business Inside the Market: Three things investors should pay attention to in Q2 News Trudeau: Syria’s allies bear some responsibility for gas attack ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business More science, please, but hold the bureaucracy Life The always adventurous Marjorie Elisabeth Merner knew how to live in the moment Most popular United Airlines chaos reveals truth behind overbooking flights Full text of letter sent by United Airlines CEO defending employees Christy Clark’s Cheshire grin belies her grim outlook United Airlines under fire after passenger dragged off overbooked flight April 11: Your daily horoscope X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Latest News Dow 20,658 +1.92 +0.01% Nasdaq 5,881 +3.11 +0.05% S&P 500 2,357 +1.62 +0.07% 2:17 A.M. ET HSBC hits Huishan Dairy with default claim 2:16 A.M. ET Australia business conditions at best since crisis 2:16 A.M. ET JD Sports full-year profit up 56% despite Brexit 2:15 A.M. ET Qualcomm hits back at Apple in legal battle 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers price target lifted to $43 from $37: RBC Capital 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers lifted to outperform from sector perform: RBC Capital 1:23 A.M. ET 'Competitive concerns over Yelp's relevance are overdone': Pacific Crest 1:23 A.M. ET Yelp lifted to overweight from sector weight, $43 price target: Pacific Crest 1:19 A.M. ET Oil prices steady after a 5-day winning streak 4/10 Qualcomm says Apple would be nothing without its technology 4/10 Commodity gains boost Asian markets, offsetting geopolitical worries 4/10 Updated Judge rules Texas voter ID law discriminatory, again 4/10 Updated Alabama governor’s wife discovered affair on iCloud account 4/10 U.S. says Russian master of malware arrested in Spain 4/10 Updated U.S. takes hard line on Syria as Tillerson meets with G-7 4/10 Barclays CEO probed over whistleblower search 4/10 Opinion Journal:Repeal and Replace Revival? 4/10 Yellen says Fed’s efforts shifting from acceleration to cruise control 4/10 San Bernardino School Shooting Leaves 3 Dead, 1 Wounded 4/10 Updated Embattled Alabama governor steps down amid scandal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Personal Finance Daily Get email alerts You could get dragged off an airplane too and 3 last-minute tax tips for your 2016 return By Alessandra Malito Published: Apr 10, 2017 4:28 p.m. ET Share Monday's top personal finance stories By AlessandraMalito Reporter Happy Monday, MarketWatchers! Here are your top personal finance stories of the day. Personal Finance What has changed since ‘Rich Dad Poor Dad’ came out 20 years ago Have a question for author Robert Kiyosaki? Ask it now Pulitzer Prize winner on ‘Sweat,’ her Broadway play about factory workers in Trump’s America ‘Sweat’ by Lynn Nottage is set in blue-collar Pennsylvania in 2000, but it could just as easily be 2017. Why you, too, could get dragged off a plane if the airline overbooks your flight A violent incident on Sunday underscores problems with overbooked flights. 3 last-minute tax tips for your 2016 return Consider these before filing your Form 1040. E-cigarette laws make more young people smoke actual cigarettes Restricting e-cigarette use has led more youths to smoke traditional cigarettes. Procrastinating on your taxes? Avoid these 6 common mistakes leaving everything to the last minute can lead to errors, both large and small, and some of those errors could cost you serious money New York is the first state to make 4-year college tuition free for middle-class students The plan is expected to cost the state $163 million. Why the CEO of Flywheel Sports embraces failure Sarah Robb O’Hagan’s career put her at the top of multibillion-dollar companies, but success didn’t come naturally. Gross things found in people’s food reaches a new low: a dead bat The incident of a dead bat found in a bagged salad sold at Walmart has sparked an investigation by state and federal health agencies, along with a “precautionary” recall by the manufacturer. How to get into an Ivy League school — by someone who got into 6 of them Noam Shapiro was accepted to six Ivy League colleges — now he advises applicants to look beyond name-brand schools Elsewhere on MarketWatch 10 shocking passages from the Wells Fargo report on aggressive sales practices Here are selected passages from the Wells Fargo board’s report into sales practices. Newspapers may be dying, but they’re great for forecasting economy, new study finds Two San Francisco Fed economists use computer linguistic techniques to extract the “emotional content” from articles in 16 major U.S. newspapers over a 35-year period ended in 2015. Want to see how America is changing? Property taxes hold the answer Americans are fleeing areas with higher property taxes, making housing markets and local finances more stagnant in those areas. Focus on better roads, not building Washington, D.C.’s Purple Line Washington’s Metro system can’t handle what it already has, and this light-rail line project will never cover its costs, says Diana Furchtgott-Roth. Supreme Court fight over Gorsuch to leave lasting impact in bitterly divided Washington Justice Neil Gorsuch has yet to hear his first case, but the partisan conflict over President Donald Trump’s nominee on the Supreme Court already has left a legacy on the federal judiciary, further blurring the line between law and politics. Trump, May show surprising tilt toward pragmatism In the past few days, President Donald Trump and Prime Minister Theresa May have shown they are perfectly capable of reasonable policies designed around compromise rather than confrontation, writes David Marsh. U.S. hiring healthier than March slowdown suggests, employment yardsticks show The Federal Reserve’s in-house tool to track the performance of the labor market rebounded in January after a slowdown in the prior month. Trump, Republicans naive about passage of tax reform Donald Trump and his congressional allies are wrong to think passing tax reform will be any easier than the failed attempt to repeal and replace Obamacare, writes Nouriel Roubini. Trump taps Kevin Hassett for chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers President Donald Trump said he would nominate Kevin Hassett to serve as chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers. Buying a home still beats renting, even as house prices rise Owning your house is a smart money decision that really pays off, writes Peter Morici. Haven’t subscribed yet to MarketWatch’s daily personal finance newsletter? Sign up here. More from MarketWatch Alabama governor’s wife discovered affair on iCloud account Mixed Messages: Emoji Don't Always Mean What You Think Syria Strikes: Does Trump Need Approval from Congress? Most Popular What United should have done in response to that video of a man being violently pulled off a flight Positive buzz sends first marijuana ETF sharply higher in early days of trading Why you, too, could get dragged off a plane if the airline overbooks your flight ‘Re-accommodate’ is United’s euphemism for forcibly dragging passenger off an airplane Can employers solve the student-loan crisis? Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com Get Matched with the Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.49% 30 yr fixed 4% 15 yr fixed 3.14% 10 yr fixed 2.97% 30 yr fixed refi 4.02% 15 yr fixed refi 3.21% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.32% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.8% $50K HELOC 4.81% $75K HELOC 4.81% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.77% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.32% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.2% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.77% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.34% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.35% 48 Mo New Car 3.22% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.56% 12.47% 11.98% Business 13.62% 13.49% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.79% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.98% 14.89% 14.39% Airline 15.73% 15.62% 15.13% Cash Back 15.76% 15.66% 15.33% Reward 15.79% 15.70% 15.30% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.11% 18.04% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.17% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali. MarketWatch Partner Center Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Latest News Dow 20,658 +1.92 +0.01% Nasdaq 5,881 +3.11 +0.05% S&P 500 2,357 +1.62 +0.07% 2:17 A.M. ET HSBC hits Huishan Dairy with default claim 2:16 A.M. ET Australia business conditions at best since crisis 2:16 A.M. ET JD Sports full-year profit up 56% despite Brexit 2:15 A.M. ET Qualcomm hits back at Apple in legal battle 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers price target lifted to $43 from $37: RBC Capital 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers lifted to outperform from sector perform: RBC Capital 1:23 A.M. ET 'Competitive concerns over Yelp's relevance are overdone': Pacific Crest 1:23 A.M. ET Yelp lifted to overweight from sector weight, $43 price target: Pacific Crest 1:19 A.M. ET Oil prices steady after a 5-day winning streak 4/10 Qualcomm says Apple would be nothing without its technology 4/10 Commodity gains boost Asian markets, offsetting geopolitical worries 4/10 Updated Judge rules Texas voter ID law discriminatory, again 4/10 Updated Alabama governor’s wife discovered affair on iCloud account 4/10 U.S. says Russian master of malware arrested in Spain 4/10 Updated U.S. takes hard line on Syria as Tillerson meets with G-7 4/10 Barclays CEO probed over whistleblower search 4/10 Opinion Journal:Repeal and Replace Revival? 4/10 Yellen says Fed’s efforts shifting from acceleration to cruise control 4/10 San Bernardino School Shooting Leaves 3 Dead, 1 Wounded 4/10 Updated Embattled Alabama governor steps down amid scandal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Personal Finance Daily Get email alerts You could get dragged off an airplane too and 3 last-minute tax tips for your 2016 return By Alessandra Malito Published: Apr 10, 2017 4:28 p.m. ET Share Monday's top personal finance stories By AlessandraMalito Reporter Happy Monday, MarketWatchers! Here are your top personal finance stories of the day. Personal Finance What has changed since ‘Rich Dad Poor Dad’ came out 20 years ago Have a question for author Robert Kiyosaki? Ask it now Pulitzer Prize winner on ‘Sweat,’ her Broadway play about factory workers in Trump’s America ‘Sweat’ by Lynn Nottage is set in blue-collar Pennsylvania in 2000, but it could just as easily be 2017. Why you, too, could get dragged off a plane if the airline overbooks your flight A violent incident on Sunday underscores problems with overbooked flights. 3 last-minute tax tips for your 2016 return Consider these before filing your Form 1040. E-cigarette laws make more young people smoke actual cigarettes Restricting e-cigarette use has led more youths to smoke traditional cigarettes. Procrastinating on your taxes? Avoid these 6 common mistakes leaving everything to the last minute can lead to errors, both large and small, and some of those errors could cost you serious money New York is the first state to make 4-year college tuition free for middle-class students The plan is expected to cost the state $163 million. Why the CEO of Flywheel Sports embraces failure Sarah Robb O’Hagan’s career put her at the top of multibillion-dollar companies, but success didn’t come naturally. Gross things found in people’s food reaches a new low: a dead bat The incident of a dead bat found in a bagged salad sold at Walmart has sparked an investigation by state and federal health agencies, along with a “precautionary” recall by the manufacturer. How to get into an Ivy League school — by someone who got into 6 of them Noam Shapiro was accepted to six Ivy League colleges — now he advises applicants to look beyond name-brand schools Elsewhere on MarketWatch 10 shocking passages from the Wells Fargo report on aggressive sales practices Here are selected passages from the Wells Fargo board’s report into sales practices. Newspapers may be dying, but they’re great for forecasting economy, new study finds Two San Francisco Fed economists use computer linguistic techniques to extract the “emotional content” from articles in 16 major U.S. newspapers over a 35-year period ended in 2015. Want to see how America is changing? Property taxes hold the answer Americans are fleeing areas with higher property taxes, making housing markets and local finances more stagnant in those areas. Focus on better roads, not building Washington, D.C.’s Purple Line Washington’s Metro system can’t handle what it already has, and this light-rail line project will never cover its costs, says Diana Furchtgott-Roth. Supreme Court fight over Gorsuch to leave lasting impact in bitterly divided Washington Justice Neil Gorsuch has yet to hear his first case, but the partisan conflict over President Donald Trump’s nominee on the Supreme Court already has left a legacy on the federal judiciary, further blurring the line between law and politics. Trump, May show surprising tilt toward pragmatism In the past few days, President Donald Trump and Prime Minister Theresa May have shown they are perfectly capable of reasonable policies designed around compromise rather than confrontation, writes David Marsh. U.S. hiring healthier than March slowdown suggests, employment yardsticks show The Federal Reserve’s in-house tool to track the performance of the labor market rebounded in January after a slowdown in the prior month. Trump, Republicans naive about passage of tax reform Donald Trump and his congressional allies are wrong to think passing tax reform will be any easier than the failed attempt to repeal and replace Obamacare, writes Nouriel Roubini. Trump taps Kevin Hassett for chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers President Donald Trump said he would nominate Kevin Hassett to serve as chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers. Buying a home still beats renting, even as house prices rise Owning your house is a smart money decision that really pays off, writes Peter Morici. Haven’t subscribed yet to MarketWatch’s daily personal finance newsletter? Sign up here. More from MarketWatch Decaying viewership for ‘The Walking Dead’ leaves AMC hunting for a new hit series Alabama governor’s wife discovered affair on iCloud account How to get into an Ivy League school — by someone who got into 6 of them Most Popular What United should have done in response to that video of a man being violently pulled off a flight Positive buzz sends first marijuana ETF sharply higher in early days of trading Why you, too, could get dragged off a plane if the airline overbooks your flight ‘Re-accommodate’ is United’s euphemism for forcibly dragging passenger off an airplane Can employers solve the student-loan crisis? Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com Get Matched with the Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.49% 30 yr fixed 4% 15 yr fixed 3.14% 10 yr fixed 2.97% 30 yr fixed refi 4.02% 15 yr fixed refi 3.21% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.32% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.8% $50K HELOC 4.81% $75K HELOC 4.81% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.77% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.32% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.2% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.77% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.34% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.35% 48 Mo New Car 3.22% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.56% 12.47% 11.98% Business 13.62% 13.49% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.79% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.98% 14.89% 14.39% Airline 15.73% 15.62% 15.13% Cash Back 15.76% 15.66% 15.33% Reward 15.79% 15.70% 15.30% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.11% 18.04% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.17% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali. MarketWatch Partner Center Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics STRP NVDA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Activist takes 9% stake in Whole Foods, wants WFM to explore a sale >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Stock Pops on Activist Stake, Sale Talk Jana Partners buys 9% of WFM stock, wants the company to consider looking for buyers By Robert Martin, InvestorPlace Writer  |  Apr 10, 2017, 3:48 pm EDT     Popular Posts: AK Steel Holding Corporation (AKS) Stock Booms on Buyout Rumors Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK) Stock Fends Off the Death Cross First Solar, Inc. (FSLR), Solar Stocks Pop on Carbon Tax Talk Recent Posts: Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Stock Pops on Activist Stake, Sale Talk Netflix, Inc. Stock Gets a Pat on the Back From Piper Jaffray (NFLX) Straight Path Communications Inc (STRP) Pops 150% on AT&T Inc. (T) Buy View All Posts Struggling organic foods grocer Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM) received a big lift in late Monday trading on a report that activist investor Jana Partners LLC has dug in for battle with a roughly 9% stake and a few ideas on how to squeeze out more shareholder value. The news sent WFM stock up by more than 10% in quick order. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr (Modified) Whole Foods shares have been roughly halved from their 2013 peak amid increasing competition in the natural-foods space from entrenched competitors including Kroger Co (NYSE:KR) and even Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Jana Partners, amid disclosing its stake, says it wants the grocery chain to explore everything from operational improvements to a potential sale. Per the Wall Street Journal: “Jana, Whole Foods’ second-largest shareholder, is planning to press the chain to improve its technology and operations to better compete with larger rivals, shake up its board and find out how much a potential bidder might be willing to pay, according to people familiar with the matter.” Jana also said that it has already picked a group of potential board nominees, according to the WSJ. Whole Foods’ growth has slowed to a crawl of late, with 2016 revenues of $15.7 billion up just 2% year-over-year, with no help from comparable-store sales, which actually declined 2.5%. Worse, profitability is slowing down, with net income sliding from $579 million two years ago to $536 million in 2015, and $507 million in 2016. A report in March by Barclays described traffic declines at Whole Foods as “staggering,” not just thanks to competition from the aforementioned giants, but also smaller organic-focused rivals such as Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (NASDAQ:SFM) and Trader Joe’s. Barclays analyst Karen Short said “a 3% traffic decline might not seem like much, but this equates to 14 million customers.” She also showed that Kroger is likely a direct beneficiary of Whole Foods’ issues. “Our conclusion: assuming ~$30-$50 average basket sizes, we estimate ~9M-14M annual transactions left WFM in the last 6 quarters and KR, which has meaningful overlap with WFM, is likely a direct beneficiary of WFM’s share losses as evidenced by: 1) KR at $16 billion in natural and organic sales (vs WFM LTM of $15.8 billion), and 2) RS Metrics data (satellite imagery data) included herein showing both overlap with KR within various trade areas as well as traffic shifts since February 2016.” In the near-term, WFM stock very well could shed at least a little of today’s quickly gotten gains. Whole Foods shares have jumped into overbought territory at the same time that WFM’s price is approaching previous price resistance around the $35 level, last reached in June 2016. That said, Monday’s move did end up cracking all of its major moving averages, and could spark additional bullish signals if its shorter-term MAs begin to cross over their longer-term counterparts. As of this writing, Robert Martin did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/whole-foods-market-inc-wfm-pops-10-big-activist-stake/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy Tesla Stock Hype Hits Fever Pitch 3 High-Profit Stocks to Buy on Consumer Confidence  3 Stocks That Will Benefit From Good Relations With China 3 of the Best Trade Setups on the Street iPhone 8 May Be Delayed Until ... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy 3 Stocks That Will Benefit From Good Relations With China 3 High-Profit Stocks to Buy on Consumer Confidence  3 Contrarian Solar Stocks to Buy at the Bottom 3 of the Best Trade Setups on the Street Most Popular 3 Stocks About to Get Rocket Boosters from Short Sellers The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for 2017: Still the Best? The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About 10 Under-the-Radar Stocks to Buy Now for Explosive Upside 7 Tech Stocks That Will Crush the Market for Years The 5 Best Stocks to Buy for April Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Us Weekly Magazine News Stylish Moms Entertainment Pets Video Give a Gift More News Stylish Moms Entertainment Pets Video Give a Gift Body Met Gala Celebrity Directory Newsletter Photos Watch With Us Polls Country Oscars Emmys Red Carpet Daily Holidays With Us Royal Family Golden Globes Grammys SAG Awards Olympics Hollywood Moms Hot Pics Subscribe Best of 2016 VMAs Subscribe Now TOP 5 STORIES TV Recap 'Dancing With the Stars': Nick Viall Impresses, and a... Video Read United Airlines CEO’s Email to Staff After... Diets Kate Hudson Reveals Her Best Diet Secret Exclusive DWTS' Sharna Burgess on Bonner Bolton: 'He’s Broken on... Kids Gordon Ramsay Is ‘Definitely Not’ Leaving His Fortune... Music Joey Feek's Solo Debut Album Released by Husband Rory a Year After Her Death By Us Weekly Staff 11 hours ago Joey Feek's Solo Debut Album Released by Husband Rory a Year After Her Death More News Rory Feek Remembers Wife Joey on Anniversary of Her Death Rory Feek Gives Emotional Speech in Honor of Late Wife Joey Rory Feek Reflects on Wife Joey’s Death: It’s Like She’s Still Here More News A sweet tribute. When country singer-songwriter Joey Feek passed away at age 40 on March 4, 2016, only a few of her songs had been released as singles. But in the year after her death, her husband, Rory, felt determined to make his late wife's album a reality. (Watch the video above for a glimpse into their love story.) Rory and Joey Feek Ed Rode/WireImage Celebrity Deaths in 2016: Stars We Lost Describing his decision in a press release, Rory, 51, explained, “This collection of music sat quietly on a shelf for the last 10 years or so, waiting for the right time to come along, when maybe somehow, someone would care. A time like now." Available on iTunes and Amazon, as well as via Target, Walmart, Cracker Barrel and Gaither, the 12-track debut album, If Not for You, was recorded in 2005, when the Feeks "were still newlyweds, or at least we felt like we were," said Rory. "It is one of the great joys of my life to dust these songs off and bring life to them again. Not just the songs, but also the stories and the life of the special woman that these songs represent." ...loving you. A post shared by Joey+Rory (@roryandjoey) on Mar 4, 2017 at 8:16am PST ...missing you. A post shared by Joey+Rory (@roryandjoey) on Mar 4, 2017 at 8:14am PST ...my beautiful Valentine. A post shared by Joey+Rory (@roryandjoey) on Feb 14, 2017 at 1:25pm PST Most Shocking Celebrity Deaths of All Time First diagnosed with terminal stage IV cervical cancer in May 2014, Joey followed an aggressive plan of attack — a hysterectomy, followed by additional surgery, chemotherapy and radiation — to fight the tumors. But the cancer returned and spread, leading Joey to end treatment and enter hospice care in October 2015.  ACM Awards 2017: What the Stars Wore! Rory documented the heartbreaking journey on his blog, This Life I Live, where he continues to post emotional tributes and share glimpses of his life with their daughter, Indiana, 3.  Want stories like these delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter! More News Rory Feek Remembers Wife Joey on Anniversary of Her Death Rory Feek Gives Emotional Speech in Honor of Late Wife Joey Rory Feek Reflects on Wife Joey’s Death: It’s Like She’s Still Here More News Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? 'Dancing With the Stars': Nick Viall... 1 Read United Airlines CEO’s Email to Staff... 2 Kate Hudson Reveals Her Best Diet Secret 3 DWTS' Sharna Burgess on Bonner Bolton: 'He’s... 4 Gordon Ramsay Is ‘Definitely Not’ Leaving His... 5 Caitlyn Jenner Discusses Sex Reassignment... 6 Kandi, Porsha Feud Over Charity in Explosive... 7 Nick Viall on Romance With Vanessa: 'Would... 8 © Us Weekly 2017 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Media Kits FAQ Sitemap Subscribe Digital Issue Give a Gift
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Accused killer had court order placed on murder-suicide victim weeks before her death Print Email Prescotte Stokes III | pstokes@al.com By Prescotte Stokes III | pstokes@al.com Press-Register Email the author on April 10, 2017 at 1:48 PM, updated April 10, 2017 at 10:18 PM comments Mobile police said that Alicia Trotter, 26, was found dead on Interstate 10, near McDonald Road, early Sunday (April 9) morning.Facebook  UPDATE at 10:01 p.m.:  This story incorrectly stated that Alicia Trotter filed a protective order. The story has been updated to reflect the change. Court documents filed in Mobile Circuit Court showed that the man accused of killing a woman in a murder-suicide, that occurred on Sunday, had filed for a protective order against the woman killed weeks before her premature death. The Mobile Police Department has not released many details in the deaths of 26-year-old Alicia Trotter and her boyfriend 33-year-old Danny Jerome Cobb. Police spokesperson Donald Wallace said Trotter was found dead on Interstate 10, near McDonald Road, early Sunday morning. Wallace said police identified her boyfriend, Cobb, as a suspect. Cobb reportedly led police on a chase to the Wal-Mart shopping center on Rangeline Road, where he shot himself. Cobb was pronounced dead at the scene. Police found Trotter body near the side of the roadway just a few feet from the McDonald Road exit near Interstate 10. While the MPD said the investigation into the incident is ongoing, court documents show that on March 22 Cobb filed to have a protective order for abuse placed on Trotter. The court documents show that during the alleged abuse against Cobb, weapons such as a tire changing tool had been used against him. The protection order was granted on March 22 by Mobile District Court Judge George Brown. A hearing in that case was set for May 5 at the James T. Strickland Youth Center. Mobile police said that Danny Cobb, 33, committed suicide in the Wal-Mart store located on Rangline Road on Sunday (April 9) morning. Police believed that Cobb was the suspect in the death of Alicia Trotter, 26.Mobile Police Department  Mobile County Jail records showed that Cobb, who was from the Prichard area, had been arrested in 2001 for first-degree robbery and first-degree theft of property. In 2007 he was arrested by the U.S. Marshal in Mobile and held in Mobile County jail for safekeeping for another agency. The Mobile police have not released any additional details on the incident at this time. Best restaurant in each Alabama county ... See the list» Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
  Markets Pre-Market Market Movers Dow Jones Live Currencies Live Commodities Live Rates Your Portfolio Stocks Stocks Finder Market Movers Index Constituents Dividends Indices Market Movers Index Constituents Dow Jones Live S&P 500 Live NASDAQ Live Commodities News Commodities Live Gold Oil Copper Currencies News Currencies Live Currency Converter EUR/USD GBP/USD Bitcoin US Dollar Index Mutual Funds News Mutual Funds Finder Mutual Funds Issuers ETFs News ETF Finder ETF Issuers Bonds News Bonds Finder Rates News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL DOW 30 -29.12 20,628.90     (-0.14%) Pre-market 02:58:52 AM EDT S&P 500 -5.79 2,351.37     (-0.25%) Pre-market 02:58:52 AM EDT NASDAQ 100 -8.14 5,413.54     (-0.15%) Pre-market 02:58:52 AM EDT ESTOXX 50 65.24 3,463.24     (1.92%) 02:58:01 AM EDT DOW 30 -29.12 20,628.90     (-0.14%) Pre-market 02:58:52 AM EDT S&P 500 -5.79 2,351.37     (-0.25%) Pre-market 02:58:52 AM EDT NASDAQ 100 -8.14 5,413.54     (-0.15%) Pre-market 02:58:52 AM EDT ESTOXX 50 65.24 3,463.24     (1.92%) 02:58:01 AM EDT NEEDHAM: Amazon's stock is going a lot higher from here (AMZN) Greg Hoffman Apr. 10, 2017, 03:04 PM In the last year, Amazon's stock has leaped from $600 to $900. However, it's just getting started, according to Needham & Company analyst Kerry Rice, who is setting his price target at $1,100. In a note circulated to clients April 10, Rice upgraded Amazon to "Buy" from "Hold" and wrote, "We believe Amazon’s established dominance in U.S. is sustainable with Prime, mobile penetration and third-party growth." Rice says that Amazon is growing at 30% a year, double then industry average, thanks in large part to Amazon Prime. According to research firm Consumer IntelligenceResearch Partners, Amazon has about 65 million Prime members in U.S. Considering that most households share one Prime account that means that approximately half of all US households have Prime, that's up from less than 5% in 2011, Rice says. Prime members spend about double what non-Prime members spend each year and 80% of them shop on Amazon every month.  Needham & Company Additionally, Amazon is by far the most used e-commerce app. About 76% of consumers have the app versus the next competitor, Walmart, which is used by about 33% of consumers. Americans shop online about 67% of the time, giving Amazon a pretty big advantage. Needham & Company What most people don't realize is that third-party selling, which makes up 49% of sales, is more profitable for Amazon. That number is expected to overtake first-party sales this year. There are now over 100,000 sellers on Amazon that do more than $100,000 in business each year. Needham estimates third-party revenue grew 41% in 2016, compared to first-party growth of 23%. Needham & Company Needham is excited about Amazon's growth potential as it expands into new markets such as Australia, Brazil, China, India, Southeast Asia, and many others. Rice says that Amazon has gotten very proficient at international rollouts and is successful by picking one area to focus on at first in each new market, such as books or electronics.  Additionally, Needham thinks that Amazon may beat out Netflix to be the worlds largest international video streamer, saying: If Prime Video gains traction internationally in a similar fashion as Netflix’s international expansion, one could expect the service to reach 20 million subscribers and over $1 billion in revenue by the end of 2020 (Figure 10). We believe Prime Video could ramp faster than Netflix’s international growth given that Prime Video launched simultaneously in more than 200 countries, compared to Netflix, which gradually expanded its service from Canada to Latin America to Europe to rest of the world over 6 years. Needham & Company Finally, Rice notes the importance of Amazon Web Services: In 2016, AWS generated revenue of $12 billion, up 55% y/y, representing 9% of Amazon’s total revenue and 15% of its total revenue growth. While the revenue growth is expected to slow down given its increasing scale, we expect it to continue grow 30-50% until 2020. All of that adds up to the stock going a lot higher from here, Rice says.  Click here for a real-time Amazon chart Market Insider SHARE THIS POST your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Related Stocks Amazon.com 906.95 12.95 (1.45%) 4/10/2017 Disclaimer Get real-time Amazon.com charts here >> Bio-Techne 100.08 -0.76 (-0.75%) 4/10/2017 Disclaimer Get real-time Bio-Techne charts here >> MORE Find News GO Home / News / Stock News / NEEDHAM: Amazon's stock is going a lot higher from here (AMZN) Follow us Need help? Contact us! Visit our network Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service amd Privacy Policy Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Only Three Businesses Can Say At Least 84 Percent of U.S. Consumers Spent With Them in 2016 “The battle for every consumer dollar is heating up, and we must shift from studying what consumers purchase to how they spend their money,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst, The NPD Group, Inc. Port Washington, New York (PRWEB) April 10, 2017 A new index from The NPD Group’s Checkout Tracking SM shows that some of the biggest names in retailing and foodservice have become fully woven into American life – reaching an extraordinary percentage of buyers at least once a year. Walmart, McDonald’s, and Target top the list with better than five out of six U.S. consumers shopping in 2016. The Checkout Penetration Index, based on millions of receipts from actual consumers across all retailers and restaurants, both online and in brick and mortar, takes a new approach to understanding market penetration and performance. The index is based on one simple question: “What percentage of all U. S. consumers bought at each store or restaurant?” The biggest gainer among restaurants in the Top 25 was Chick-fil-A, which saw a 5 percentage point increase in penetration in 2016. The biggest gainer among retailers was Dollar Tree, which saw a 3 percentage point increase. Both Chick-fil-A and Dollar Tree have been expanding operations aggressively. “The battle for every consumer dollar is heating up, and we must shift from studying what consumers purchase to how they spend their money,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst, The NPD Group, Inc. “Consumers spending on experiences is overlapping with their purchases of products, making every item and visit so important to competing in today’s rapidly changing marketplace.” Checkout TrackingSM provides detailed information on consumer buying behavior, based on receipts for both online and brick-and-mortar retail purchases from the same consumers over time. Checkout Tracking delivers precise category, brand, and item-level purchase detail linked to buyers and their demographics, useful for analyzing competitive market baskets and identifying purchase patterns. Information is collected from more than 50,000 consumers from NPD’s receipt-harvesting mobile phone app and the scanning of more than 4 million in-boxes for e-receipts through Slice Intelligence. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Colorado State Rams Getting New Shaw Sports Turf Field Next PostNext Carousel Industries Expands Partner Ecosystem Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News Only Three Businesses Can Say At Least 84 Percent of U.S. Consumers Spent With Them in 2016 “The battle for every consumer dollar is heating up, and we must shift from studying what consumers purchase to how they spend their money,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst, The NPD Group, Inc. Port Washington, New York (PRWEB) April 10, 2017 A new index from The NPD Group’s Checkout Tracking SM shows that some of the biggest names in retailing and foodservice have become fully woven into American life – reaching an extraordinary percentage of buyers at least once a year. Walmart, McDonald’s, and Target top the list with better than five out of six U.S. consumers shopping in 2016. The Checkout Penetration Index, based on millions of receipts from actual consumers across all retailers and restaurants, both online and in brick and mortar, takes a new approach to understanding market penetration and performance. The index is based on one simple question: “What percentage of all U. S. consumers bought at each store or restaurant?” The biggest gainer among restaurants in the Top 25 was Chick-fil-A, which saw a 5 percentage point increase in penetration in 2016. The biggest gainer among retailers was Dollar Tree, which saw a 3 percentage point increase. Both Chick-fil-A and Dollar Tree have been expanding operations aggressively. “The battle for every consumer dollar is heating up, and we must shift from studying what consumers purchase to how they spend their money,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst, The NPD Group, Inc. “Consumers spending on experiences is overlapping with their purchases of products, making every item and visit so important to competing in today’s rapidly changing marketplace.” Checkout TrackingSM provides detailed information on consumer buying behavior, based on receipts for both online and brick-and-mortar retail purchases from the same consumers over time. Checkout Tracking delivers precise category, brand, and item-level purchase detail linked to buyers and their demographics, useful for analyzing competitive market baskets and identifying purchase patterns. Information is collected from more than 50,000 consumers from NPD’s receipt-harvesting mobile phone app and the scanning of more than 4 million in-boxes for e-receipts through Slice Intelligence. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Colorado State Rams Getting New Shaw Sports Turf Field Next PostNext Carousel Industries Expands Partner Ecosystem Search Recent Posts Novel Black N 4/20 Release Peeks Into Naval Academy Secret Circle ColorCoat, Inc. to Locate New Facility in South Fulton Mississippi Tax Return Preparer Pleads Guilty to Obstructing the IRS and Filing False Returns Social Enterprise World Forum 2017 & its Pacific Connection Global Military Smart Weapons Sales Market Forecast 2017-2021 Reviled in New Research Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
[Sign Up Now] to Receive Our FREE Daily SCVTV-SCVNews Digest by E-Mail SCVNews.com | Crime Blotter: Commercial Burglaries, Vehicle Burglaries in Newhall | 04-10-2017 Inside Weather Santa Clarita CA Clear 62°F   Calendar Today in S.C.V. History April 10 1909 - Oil Pioneer Wallace L. Hardison killed in collision with train [story] Crime Blotter: Commercial Burglaries, Vehicle Burglaries in Newhall Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department | Monday, Apr 10, 2017 Click Here to Get Our 'SCV This Morning' Newsletter Print PDF  Tweet This  Facebook  Digg This  Bookmark  Stumble  RSS Newhall: Zone 6 – Public Safety and Crime Prevention Information for the week of 03/27/17 to 04/02/17. The following crimes are currently being investigated by Santa Clarita Sheriff’s Station detectives: 03/27/17 Vehicle Burglary – 23800 Oakview Ln., Newhall. Person(s) unknown entered the victim’s locked vehicle by unknown means and stole items from a black gear bag located in the rear cargo area of the vehicle. 03/28/17 Grand Theft- 20900 Costa Brava, Newhall. The victim received a call from an unknown person claiming to be an “IRS” agent, told the victim she owed $8,000, and payments need to be made in the form of an “Apple iTunes,” “Walmart,” and “Target” gift card. The victim purchased the gift cards and called back providing the serial numbers. Vehicle Burglary- 23700 Red Oak Ct., Newhall. Person(s) unknown entered the victim’s locked vehicle by unknown means and stole an emergency roadside kit, backpack, black in color, and computer hard drive. Commercial Burglary- 24800 Newhall Ave., Newhall The suspects used a metal grinder to cut a metal cage enclosing a vending machine and gained access to the money contained inside. An unknown amount of U.S. currency was stolen from the machine. The incident was captured on video surveillance. Vehicle Burglary 03/29/17 Vehicle Burglary – 24800 Newhall Ave., Newhall. Person(s) unknown shattered the victim’s passenger side window and stole a grey lunchbox and black and grey jacket from atop the passenger seat. 03/29/17 Residential Burglary- 23700 Red Oak Ct., Newhall. Person(s) unknown entered the victim’s residence through a master bedroom window and stole a handgun with two loaded magazines and $5,000 in U.S. silver coins. 03/30/17 Commercial Burglary – 23800 Lyons Ave., Newhall Person(s) unknown forced entry into the business by shattering a glass door. The cash register was located on the floor with its drawer open. Nothing appeared to have been stolen. 04/01/17 Commercial Burglary – 22700 Lyons Ave., Newhall Person(s) unknown forced entry into the business through a wooded door. The location appeared to have been ransacked and a cash register containing $100 in U.S. Currency was stolen from atop a counter. The upstairs office door had been kicked in and the office ransacked. 04/01/17 Commercial Burglary – 22700 Lyons Ave., Newhall The suspects forced entry into the business by prying open a door. The suspect was observed prying open the cash register drawer. Nothing was stolen from the location. The incident was caught on video surveillance. 04/02/17 Residential Burglary – 21400 Grape Lily Cir., Newhall. The suspect stole the victim’s bicycle from an open garage. The suspect was located on board a Santa Clarita City bus and arrested for the indicated charge. 04/02/17 Petty Theft-24500 Main St., Newhall Person(s) unknown stole the victim’s bicycle (“Specialized” 16 speed, white frame, black and blue trim) from a bicycle rack at the location. ***Small Business Burglary Prevention*** Windows should have secure locks and burglar-resistant glass. Consider installing metal grates on all your windows except display windows. Remove all expensive items from window displays at night and make sure you can see easily into your business after closing. Light the inside and outside of your business, especially around doors, windows, skylights, or other entry points. Consider installing covers over exterior lights and power sources to deter tampering. Check the parking lot for good lighting and unobstructed views. Keep your cash register in plain view from the outside of your business, so it can be monitored by police during the day or at night. Leave it open and empty after closing. Make sure your safe is fireproof and securely anchored. Leave it open when it’s empty, use it to lock up valuables when you close. Remember to change the combination when an employee who has had access to it leaves your business. Before you invest in an alarm system, check with several companies and decide what level of security fits your needs. Learn how to use your system properly. Check the system daily, and run a test when closing. Thank you, Deputy Betsy Shackelford Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department Santa Clarita Valley Sheriff’s Station Crime Prevention Unit- Newhall (Zone 6) Station: (661) 255-1121 Ext. 4283 Fax: (661) 253-0124 Twitter @SCVSheriff http://www.twitter.com/scvsheriff SCV Station Homepage – http://www.santaclarita.lasd.org Facebook – https://www.facebook.com/SantaClaritaValleySheriffsStation Share this story: Facebook Twitter Google More LinkedIn Pinterest MySpace Delicious Comment On This Story COMMENT POLICY: We welcome comments from individuals and businesses. All comments are moderated. Comments are subject to rejection if they are vulgar, combative, or in poor taste. REAL NAMES ONLY: All posters must use their real individual or business name. This applies equally to Twitter account holders who use a nickname. 0 Comments You can be the first one to leave a comment. Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Name (required): Email (required): Website: Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. SCV NewsBreak Loading... •   SCV NEWSBREAK ARCHIVE Related Content   Crime Blotter: Vehicle Burglary, Theft in Saugus Crime Blotter: Burglary, Sexual Assault in Castaic, Val Verde Crime Blotter: Shoplifting, Grand Theft in Stevenson Ranch Firefighters Extinguish Small Brush Fire Sunday Crime Blotter: Residential, Commercial Burglary in Castaic, Val Verde LOCAL NEWS HEADLINES > LOCAL NEWS ARCHIVE Canyon Country Stabbing Victim Identified Monday, Apr 10, 2017 Coroner’s officials have released the identity of a woman who was stabbed to death at a Canyon Country condominium complex Saturday. FULL STORY... Man Sentenced for Rape Outside of Valencia Restaurant Monday, Apr 10, 2017 A 26-year-old Winnetka man was sentenced today to 32 years in state prison for raping a woman in the parking lot of a Valencia restaurant, the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office announced. FULL STORY... Girlfriend of Canyon Country Stabbing Death Victim Arrested Monday, Apr 10, 2017 Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department Homicide Bureau detectives are continuing their investigation into the stabbing death of a woman. FULL STORY... Keep Up With Our Facebook SCVTV Santa Clarita Latest Additions to SCVNews.com SCV NewsBreak for Monday, April 10, 2017 Tonight on SCV NewsBreak, the victim of a fatal stabbing has been identified. Plus, a good ending for a hiker who went missing on Saturday. Watch these stories and more on tonight's edition of SCV NewsBreak. Canyon Country Stabbing Victim Identified Coroner’s officials have released the identity of a woman who was stabbed to death at a Canyon Country condominium complex Saturday. CalArts Alumna, Faculty Member’s Video Featured on ‘The Late Show’ A CalArts alumna and Experimental Animation faculty member Kirsten Lepore's (Film/Video MFA 12) stop motion animation video "Hi Stranger" has not only gone viral but a parody version was even featured on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert. CalArtians Named 2017 Guggenheim Fellows Among the list of 173 "individuals who have already demonstrated exceptional capacity for productive scholarship or exceptional creative ability in the arts" are several CalArtians. Five CSUN Student-Entrepreneur Teams Advance to Bull Ring Competition Finals California State University, Northridge hosted the semifinal round of its Bull Ring New Venture Competition in the Delmar T. Oviatt Library’s Jack and Florence Ferman Presentation Room on April 4. April 29: Audition for 2017 Shakespeare in the Park Production of OTHELLO The Santa Clarita Shakespeare Festival is holding auditions for their summer Shakespeare in the Park production OTHELLO. April 15: Special Olympics, Hoops of Hope Hosting Annual Shoot-A-Thon Special Olympics Santa Clarita and Tri-Valley and Hoops of Hope are back with the exciting Shoot-A-Thon on Saturday, April 15 from 10:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. at the Santa Clarita Gymnasium at the Santa Clarita Sports Complex, located at 20880 Centre Pointe Parkway. Man Sentenced for Rape Outside of Valencia Restaurant A 26-year-old Winnetka man was sentenced today to 32 years in state prison for raping a woman in the parking lot of a Valencia restaurant, the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office announced. April 30: Spring Art Festival at Le Chene The Santa Clarita Artists Association (SCAA) will hold their 4th annual Spring Art Festival and Sale on Sunday, April 30, 2017 from 10:00 to 4:00 p.m. at Le Chene French Cuisine, 12624 Sierra Highway, Agua Dulce. May 13: SCAA Member Hosts FastFrame Exhibit, Pastel Demo Santa Clarita Artists Association (SCAA) member Olga Kaczmar will be demonstrating pastel art on Saturday, May 13 from 1:00 p.m. 4:00 p.m. Mission Valley Bank Awarded Super Premier Performing Bank Status Mission Valley Bank, the sole subsidiary of Mission Valley Bancorp is pleased to announce that Mission Valley Bank has once again achieved the prestigious ranking as one of California’s 2016 “Super Premier Performing Banks” by the Findley Reports. Upcoming SCV Chamber of Commerce Events See what's coming from the Santa Clarita Valley Chamber of Commerce. Mayor Smyth to Proclaim April 11 as Arts Day 2017 In celebration of the first year of Santa Clarita’s adoption of the Arts and Culture Master Plan, Mayor Cameron Smyth will proclaim Tuesday, April 11 as Arts Day 2017. April 26: New Heights Panel Discussing Marketing for Arts Groups Residents are invited to attend a free New Heights panel discussion, “Marketing for Arts Groups” to explore how marketing is integral to the life and success of arts groups. April 11: City Council Legislative Committee Meeting Agenda for the City Council Committee Legislative Committee Meeting on April 11, at 4:00 p.m. at the City Hall, Orchard Room. SCV Arts Upcoming Events Art events coming up this week. Girlfriend of Canyon Country Stabbing Death Victim Arrested Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department Homicide Bureau detectives are continuing their investigation into the stabbing death of a woman. Lancaster Jethawks Begin Season with Win Over Visalia Rawhide The Lancaster Jethawks opened their 2017 season against the Visalia Rawhide Thursday, April 6, 2017 in Lancaster. Missing Hiker Found Alive Late Sunday Afternoon The hiker who was reported missing in Pico Canyon on Saturday was found alive late Sunday afternoon, according to updates from the SCV Sheriff's Twitter. Crime Blotter: Commercial Burglaries, Vehicle Burglaries in Newhall Newhall: Zone 6 - Public Safety and Crime Prevention Information for the week of 03/27/17 to 04/02/17. Today in SCV History (April 10) 1909 - Oil Pioneer Wallace L. Hardison killed in collision with train [story] Today in SCV History (April 9) 1937 - Pioneer aviator E.B. Christopher and passenger killed in crash of light plane on Ridge Route near Gorman [story] Today in SCV History (April 8) 1874 - Work completed at Lyon's Station (now Eternal Valley) on first version of Pioneer Oil Refinery [story] SCV NewsBreak for Friday, April 7, 2017 Tonight on SCV NewsBreak, Rep. Steve Knight cosponsored legislation to protect military service members from nonconsensual sharing of private media by other military members. Plus, find out how much one donor gave to Carousel Ranch recently. Watch these stories and more on tonight's edition of SCV NewsBreak. A.G. Becerra Delivers Freedom of Information Act Request to U.S. EPA Friday, Attorney General Xavier Becerra delivered a formal request to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for thirty-two categories of documents related to known conflicts of interest of EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt and any actions taken by EPA or the Administrator to comply with federal ethics laws. ‘A Peek into the Curious World of Insects’ Buzzes into Valencia Library The latest art exhibit at the Valencia Library, “A Peek into the Curious World of Insects,” invites “everybuggy” to explore the world as a bug through photographs and other various art mediums, celebrating insects such as the jumping spider, butterfly, praying mantis and much more. Knight Joins Effort to Crack Down on Sexual Harassment in Military Representative Steve Knight (CA-25) cosponsored of legislation introduced this week that would protect military service members from nonconsensual sharing of private, intimate media by other military members. Knight Introduces Equal Pay Legislation Representative Steve Knight (CA-25) introduced legislation on Tuesday that would reinforce and strengthen equal pay laws and protect employees who seek or share wage information. Carousel Ranch Receives $50,000 Grant from S. Mark Taper Foundation Carousel Ranch is pleased to announce it has received a $50,000 grant from the S. Mark Taper Foundation. LAPD Investigation Leads to Warehouse of Stolen Goods An LAPD investigation led to the discovery of an untold fortune of stolen goods in a Los Angeles warehouse, and a Valencia business owner has already recovered property. Cold Weather Alert for AV, LA County Mountain Areas The County Interim Health Officer is issuing a Cold Weather Alert due to the National Weather Service’s forecast for low temperatures. Wind chill temperatures are expected to be below 32 degrees Fahrenheit. Santa Clarita Cowboys Football Registration Now Open Santa Clarita Cowboys youth ages 6 through 14 tackle football registration is now open. Academy Awards Rules Approved for 90th Oscars The Academy’s Board of Governors approved Oscars® rules and campaign regulations for the 90th Academy Awards® at their most recent Board meeting on Tuesday, March 28. April 13: Arts Commission Regular Meeting Arts Commission Regular Meeting on April 13, 6:30 p.m., City Council Chambers Pinetree Students Delve into Ancient Civilizations Pinetree Community School was privileged to take part in the Los Angeles County Museum of Art’s Ancient Civilization program for sixth graders. State Legislators Respond to Gas Tax Hike State legislators released statements following the hike in the gas tax and vehicle registration fees. SCVTV Media Center 22505 14th Street Unit E Santa Clarita, Calif. 91321 Phone: 661-251-TV20 FAX: 661-290-2536 Click here for the Mobile Site Operating Hours Monday - Thursday: 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM Friday: By Appointment Only Email: info@scvtv.com SCVTV is a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) nonprofit corporation. All rights reserved.
null
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends The New Consumer Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Activists take stake in Whole Foods Apr 10, 2017 Kroger names Foley chief accounting officer Apr 10, 2017 Survival tips for the coming price wars Apr 10, 2017 Real estate researchers skeptical of Lidl land grab Apr 06, 2017 Q&A with Albertsons’ digital SVP Apr 05, 2017 Featured Industry stocks lag in Q1 Apr 07, 2017 Retailers fight to preserve debit-fee reforms Apr 07, 2017 7-Eleven to buy 1,100 c-stores from Sunoco Apr 06, 2017 Sprouts may be eyeing new regions Apr 06, 2017 retrorocket/iStock/Thinkstock News>Retail & Financial Survival tips for the coming price wars Plot thoughtfully, but strike with speed and stealth, speaker says Jon Springer | Apr 10, 2017 The growing influence of Amazon, the expanding footprint of European hard discounters and the ensuing struggle for market share portend an era of price wars are likely, but be cautious before entering one, and sneaky fast when you do, an expert said in a presentation last week. In an online presentation, Ken Ouimet, CEO and founder of Engage3, a price optimization firm in Davis, Calif., said food retailers could learn from previous events of intense price competition in food retail to prepare for the next. In these cases, retailers who understood their competition, chose carefully where to differentiate, and acted decisively and discreetly stood a better chance of success. In 2001, for example, Kmart underestimated its then-smaller rival Wal-Mart Stores, which had developed a powerful EDLP approach but mostly in rural markets that the former misunderstood, Ouimet said. When Walmart expanded to more populous regions where Kmart operated, Kmart engaged it directly in a pricing battle and wound up spending itself into Chapter 11 bankruptcy while Walmart raced to greater share. By contrast, Ouimet explained, Kroger in 2004 took a thoughtful approach to battling Walmart that was built around a proprietary strength — the loyalty of its best shoppers — and that gambit paid off for years. “Be prepared and don’t just react; be thoughtful,” Ouimet recommended. “You have to know your competition and their cost structure in relation to your own so you know a likely outcome of a price war. Can you afford it? Or are you getting into a losing game?” Ouimet attributed an increasingly fierce competitive environment today to the rise of alternative shopping options headed by Amazon.com, which he said brings new capabilities in pricing and speed to the landscape, and could bolster a robust online business with as many as 20,000 physical stores. “Amazon can change a price in 90 seconds,” he said. “Most retailers still rely on manual processes that can take three months. Three months isn’t going to cut it today.” He said retailers are capable of “defending their turf” in a price war provided they have a good understanding of their customers including the places they shop in addition to their stores, and a similar knowledge of the motivations and capabilities of their competitors. Taking those steps should reveal areas in which stores can exploit an advantage, he said, but added that doing so effectively often requires stealthness and speed. “Fly under the radar and attack where they’re not looking,” he recommended, adding that retailers should “strike hard and fast,” when they do. Ouimet also said retailers should prepare to reinvest in their battle plans as they make them. “These [price wars] can last for a while,” he said. 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Gallery: Kroger dominates Top 10, but is it No. 1?Apr 03, 2017 Mobile app to launch search engine for retailMar 29, 2017 Lack of skilled immigrant labor could cause higher food pricesMar 23, 2017 Longtime Coborn’s CEO Dan Coborn dies at 86Mar 17, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
null
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Wall Street's Best Minds Trump’s Transformation Is Good for Investors This is starting to look like a traditional center-right administration. And that’s good for the market. By Greg Valliere Biography April 10, 2017 1:42 p.m. ET Donald Trump has had a wake-up call. Heading for decidedly mixed reviews when he hits his first 100 days on April 29, the president has come to a startling conclusion: he needs votes from Democrats on several issues, because he cannot rely on his Republican troops. Trump won some badly needed support from mainstream Republicans and many Democrats for his strikes against Syria, and we expect polls later this week will give him a bump. But Democrats—in the minority in both houses—are on the offensive. They will seek major... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Why the Netflix/Amazon Debate is Already Over Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Tesla Analyst Drives the Car, Upgrades the Stock Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Amazon: The Path to $1,100 a Share Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. TIAA: A Trillion Dollar Startup Is Making A Move Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Oil Stocks Are Starting To Show New Strength Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Linn Energy, Glaukos, Seagate 2 Amazon Taps Into Cash Payments 3 How Samsung's Galaxy S8 One-Ups the iPhone Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Duff Goldman * Tylina Food Products * More Tags... Industry News * Food * More Industries... News By Location * Minnetonka   Minnesota   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News April 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 Tylina Food Products to Showcase Duff Goldman Biscuits at Bacon and Beer Classic Twin Cities Tour St     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Duff Goldman * Tylina Food Products Industry: * Food Location: * Minnetonka - Minnesota - USMINNETONKA, Minn. - April 10, 2017 - PRLog -- Fans of celebrity chef Duff Goldman will get an extra treat, along with fans of bacon and beer attending the Bacon and Beer Classic on April 15 at Nicollet Island Pavilion in Minneapolis. Three "pop-up sessions" will be held throughout the day; from 12:30pm-3pm, 4:30pm-7pm, and 8:30pm-11pm. One of the nation's fastest growing food and beverage festivals, the tour's Twin Cities stop will feature original bacon-infused dishes, unlimited bacon strips, and samples of more than 50 craft beers from regional breweries. Guests can also try their hand at giant Jenga, strike a pose in a photo booth, and brand themselves with bacon and beer-inspired tattoos. All event participants will also receive a free, full-size box of Duff Goldman by Tylina Foods Premium Biscuit Mix, in Beer, or Bacon Cheddar flavors, available at Walmart. Three Bacon Eating Contests will highlight the event, one for each session. Second place winners for each competition will receive a gift pack with $100 worth of tasty products from the award-winning Duff Goldman by Tylina Foods cake and bake products line, based in Stillwater. Tylina Foods is partnering with the event to offer free Duff products at all twelve 2017 U.S. tour stops, held at venues including Santa Clara's Levi'sStadium, Denver's Mile High Stadium and NYC's Citi Field. The 2017 Bacon and Beer Classic marks the second time Tylina Foods has been involved with the event in Minneapolis, also participating last year during the tour's inaugural stop at Target Field. For this year's Twin Cities event, the tour is partnering with Food Recovery Network at University of Minnesota to collect any leftover prepared food, to distribute locally. All-inclusive General Admission tickets are priced at $45, with VIP tickets at $55, offering half-hour early admission and access to an exclusive cocktail bar. All tickets include a commemorative tasting glass and access to the Bacon and Beer Classic mobile app for special partner discounts, a pavilion map, and more. For more information about the festival and tickets, visit: www.baconandbeerclassic.com. Catch the latest news on the Duff Goldman by Tylina Foods line at www.facebook.com/bakingduff. End Source : Tylina Food Products Email : ***@aol.com Phone : 9522214717 Tags : Duff Goldman, Tylina Food Products Industry : Food Location : Minnetonka - Minnesota - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse On-Target Public Relations News Atlantic Shores Continues Award-Winning Cuisine Tradition with Executive Chef Bryan Haines Atlantic Shores Celebrates 20th Anniversary With Gala Atlantic Shores Residents Shelter Wayward Wildlife Atlantic Shores Residents Embrace Technology in Community-Wide Initiative Jr. ROTC Cadets Salute Atlantic Shores Veterans with Intergenerational Program to Record Personal Trending Hilton Washington Dulles Airport Welcomes New Executive Chef Norbert Roesch NBC's 'Superstore' Actor Dominic Pace Signs On To Civil War Era Feature Film Richard 'Daddy' Love Taking Detroit by Storm with his Oklahoma Style of Blues Victoria Park Civic Association Names Fort Lauderdale Media Associatesas New Publisher Loan Participation Automation Now Possible with AccuAccount Daily News NBC's 'Superstore' Actor Dominic Pace Signs On To Civil War Era Feature Film - 1084 views GadellNet Sees Growth with Blue Key Technology Merger - 258 views Sovereign Estate Wine in Waconia, MN has gone solar! - 207 views Digital Defense Discovers Vulnerabilities In Riverbed Technology Performance Monitoring Platform - 153 views DLR Group Strengthens Sports Studio with Distinguished Client Leader - 149 views Weekly News Learn to DayTrade - New Class Date Added April 11, 2017 - 1604 views Former McDonald's Communications and D&I Executive, Cristina Alfaro, Joins Elevate Relations to Co-lead Strategic Business Expansion - 1402 views NBC's 'Superstore' Actor Dominic Pace Signs On To Civil War Era Feature Film - 1084 views Podiatrist Starts New Practice in San Diego and Brings a New Approach To Foot Care With Her - 863 views Civil Air Patrol Cadet Captain Joseph Waldron Appointed To U.S. Military Academy - 812 views Daily News NBC's 'Superstore' Actor Dominic Pace Signs On To Civil War Era Feature Film - 1084 views GadellNet Sees Growth with Blue Key Technology Merger - 258 views Sovereign Estate Wine in Waconia, MN has gone solar! - 207 views Digital Defense Discovers Vulnerabilities In Riverbed Technology Performance Monitoring Platform - 153 views DLR Group Strengthens Sports Studio with Distinguished Client Leader - 149 views Weekly News Learn to DayTrade - New Class Date Added April 11, 2017 - 1604 views Former McDonald's Communications and D&I Executive, Cristina Alfaro, Joins Elevate Relations to Co-lead Strategic Business Expansion - 1402 views NBC's 'Superstore' Actor Dominic Pace Signs On To Civil War Era Feature Film - 1084 views Podiatrist Starts New Practice in San Diego and Brings a New Approach To Foot Care With Her - 863 views Civil Air Patrol Cadet Captain Joseph Waldron Appointed To U.S. Military Academy - 812 views PTC News 'Galactic Empire' To Perform Following Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, June 3 - 245 views Code Green Apparel Corp. Shareholder Update - 201 views SocialCon™ CINCO LEGACY Powered by Wizard World May 7 In Hollywood, California - 99 views Apr 10, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Only Three Businesses Can Say At Least 84 Percent of U.S. Consumers Spent With Them in 2016 Only Three Businesses Can Say At Least 84 Percent of U.S. Consumers Spent With Them in 2016 Posted on April 10, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. NPD’s new index reveals just how integrated stores and restaurants are in the lives of U.S. consumers Port Washington, New York (PRWEB) April 10, 2017 A new index from The NPD Group’s Checkout Tracking SM shows that some of the biggest names in retailing and foodservice have become fully woven into American life – reaching an extraordinary percentage of buyers at least once a year. Walmart, McDonald’s, and Target top the list with better than five out of six U.S. consumers shopping in 2016. The Checkout Penetration Index, based on millions of receipts from actual consumers across all retailers and restaurants, both online and in brick and mortar, takes a new approach to understanding market penetration and performance. The index is based on one simple question: “What percentage of all U. S. consumers bought at each store or restaurant?” The biggest gainer among restaurants in the Top 25 was Chick-fil-A, which saw a 5 percentage point increase in penetration in 2016. The biggest gainer among retailers was Dollar Tree, which saw a 3 percentage point increase. Both Chick-fil-A and Dollar Tree have been expanding operations aggressively. “The battle for every consumer dollar is heating up, and we must shift from studying what consumers purchase to how they spend their money,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst, The NPD Group, Inc. “Consumers spending on experiences is overlapping with their purchases of products, making every item and visit so important to competing in today’s rapidly changing marketplace.” Checkout TrackingSM provides detailed information on consumer buying behavior, based on receipts for both online and brick-and-mortar retail purchases from the same consumers over time. Checkout Tracking delivers precise category, brand, and item-level purchase detail linked to buyers and their demographics, useful for analyzing competitive market baskets and identifying purchase patterns. Information is collected from more than 50,000 consumers from NPD’s receipt-harvesting mobile phone app and the scanning of more than 4 million in-boxes for e-receipts through Slice Intelligence. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14231570.htm Latest News Colorado State Rams Getting New Shaw Sports Turf Field Data Governance Market : Shares and Strategies for Key Industry Players by 2025 Curcumin Market Trends, Size, Drivers, Strategies, Products and Competitive Landscape Outlook to 2025 Magalcom Launches Turaco Lite an Entry-level Solution for Turaco Value-Added Security Family Renters Warehouse CMO and Board Director Pam Kosanke to be Honored as one of the Minneapolis St. Paul Business Journal’s 2017 Women in Business! Carousel Industries Expands Partner Ecosystem MANN+HUMMEL Among the Leaders in Patent Applications Only Three Businesses Can Say At Least 84 Percent of U.S. Consumers Spent With Them in 2016 One Solar to Sponsor Events Surrounding Earth Day 2017 Miami Realtors Hosting Investing in Income Properties Seminars © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Latest News Dow 20,658 +1.92 +0.01% Nasdaq 5,881 +3.11 +0.05% S&P 500 2,357 +1.62 +0.07% 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 380.14 2:17 A.M. ET HSBC hits Huishan Dairy with default claim 2:16 A.M. ET Australia business conditions at best since crisis 2:16 A.M. ET JD Sports full-year profit up 56% despite Brexit 2:15 A.M. ET Qualcomm hits back at Apple in legal battle 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers price target lifted to $43 from $37: RBC Capital 2:07 A.M. ET Toll Brothers lifted to outperform from sector perform: RBC Capital 1:23 A.M. ET 'Competitive concerns over Yelp's relevance are overdone': Pacific Crest 1:23 A.M. ET Yelp lifted to overweight from sector weight, $43 price target: Pacific Crest 1:19 A.M. ET Oil prices steady after a 5-day winning streak 4/10 Qualcomm says Apple would be nothing without its technology 4/10 Commodity gains boost Asian markets, offsetting geopolitical worries 4/10 Updated Judge rules Texas voter ID law discriminatory, again 4/10 Updated Alabama governor’s wife discovered affair on iCloud account 4/10 U.S. says Russian master of malware arrested in Spain 4/10 Updated U.S. takes hard line on Syria as Tillerson meets with G-7 4/10 Barclays CEO probed over whistleblower search 4/10 Opinion Journal:Repeal and Replace Revival? 4/10 Yellen says Fed’s efforts shifting from acceleration to cruise control 4/10 San Bernardino School Shooting Leaves 3 Dead, 1 Wounded Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Orbital Tracking Corp. Reports Full Year 2016 Financial Results By Published: Apr 10, 2017 1:55 p.m. ET Share Apr 10, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Annual Revenue Increases 18.9% Driven by Continued Growth in European and International Sales Offset by Continued Currency Volatility AVENTURA, FL--(Marketwired - April 10, 2017) - Orbital Tracking Corp. (otcqb:TRKK) ("Orbital Tracking" or the "Company") today reported financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. 2016 Company Highlights The Company continued to grow its Commercial and Government business in 2016, signing a significant long term, recurring revenue and hardware contract with the U.K. Forestry Commission and being awarded a high value contract by the Electoral Commission of Zambia. During 2016, the Company continued its rapid international expansion opening new marketplaces or expanding its online presence in the United States with major retailers including Walmart and Sears and in Asia, with its launch of its retail site on Amazon Japan and in China on Alibaba.com. The Company also achieved a number of important corporate development milestones during the year including the elimination of all of its outstanding convertible long-term debt through a successful share exchange, significantly improving both its balance sheet and cash flows, and the uplisting of its shares onto the OTCQB Marketplace. In October, the Company raised $350,000 through the sales of its Series H convertible preferred stock to existing investors. The Series H shares were sold at a purchase price of $4.00 per share and carry an initial conversion price of $0.04 per share. The Company significantly increased its recurring revenue through the sale of high profit monthly and annual airtime contracts which are sold alongside the Company's hardware products. The Company increased its international reseller base and now has representation in a number of major markets around the world. "2016 was focused on the continued execution of our long-term strategic plan to build Orbital Tracking Corp. into a leading provider of Mobile Satellite Services and Asset Tracking solutions by expanding our global sales reach and the range of market-leading products and services we offer. Driven by continued global demand for our products, it's clear that we achieved many of our goals for the business despite the continued challenges of global uncertainties and related currency volatility which negatively impacts our comparative financial results," said David Phipps, Chief Executive Officer of Orbital Tracking Corp. "We entered the new year with significant momentum building in the business, including continued interest in our products and solutions from customers and resellers in a number of international markets, in particular, France, Germany, Italy and a number of South American markets. Working closely with our industry partners and with the continued support of our principal shareholders, we continue to advance our aggressive business plan. In 2017, we intend to drive additional growth in the business by expanding our resale channels, increasing our international footprint and continuing to pursue new product opportunities, all of which we believe will be an important element in our ability to generate increasing value for our shareholders." 2016 Financial Results For the year ended December 31, 2016, consolidated revenues increased by 18.9% to approximately $4,698,638 from $3,950,601, as reported for the year ended December 31, 2015. For the year ended December 31, 2016, comparable sales by subsidiary are as follows; GTCL, the Company's UK-based subsidiary, increased 20.1% or $557,262 to $3,326,855 from $2,769,593. GTCL represents 70.8% of total company sales and as such, currency rate variances have an impact on results. For the sake of comparison, the average exchange rate from British Pounds to US Dollars during 2015 was £1.00 (GBP) being equivalent to $1.53 (USD). In 2016, this decreased to a rate of approximately £1 (GBP) being equivalent to $1.36 (USD). The impact of this decline with respect to UK sales when converted to US dollars represented a decline in reported revenue of $434,000. The UK comparable sales in GBP, the home currency, increased 38.9% or £705,683, from £1,811,909 to £2,517,592 for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to December 31, 2015. Orbital Satcom Corp., the Company's US-based subsidiary, increased 16.2% or $190,775 to $1,371,783 from $1,181,008. Overall revenue growth in 2016 was driven by a significant increase in recurring revenue derived from monthly contract customers, together with sales from the Company's websites and e-commerce storefronts across all geographies. Net loss for 2016 was approximately $2,589,923, as compared to a net loss of approximately $2,064,211 for fiscal 2015. The increase in the loss for the year ended December 2016 was primarily due to a total of $1,119,345 in non-cash expenses which were offset to additional paid in capital and are represented by the following: Series H Preferred Stock issuances which triggered price protection clauses for certain subscribers of the Company's Preferred Series C, Preferred Series F and Preferred Series G Stock for $679,778, interest expense related to the amortized portion of the convertible note payable discount, net of $602,027, imputed interest related to related party note payable of $1,133 offset by changes in the fair value of derivative instruments of $426,093 and non-recurring stock based investor relations fees of $262,500. Additionally, the net loss included the amortization of $415,416 of professional fees related to its December 2015 financing. About Orbital Tracking Corp. Orbital Tracking Corp. provides satellite based tracking, services as well as mobile voice and data communications services globally via satellite to the commercial and government users. Orbital specializes in services related to the Globalstar satellite constellation, including ground station construction, simplex tracking services and satellite telecommunications voice airtime. Orbital operates various e-commerce retail and tracking portals where users around the world can purchase satellite hardware and track assets in real-time on mobile devices or PCs. For more information regarding Orbital, please visit www.orbitaltracking.com. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this release constitute forward-looking statements. These statements include the capabilities and success of the Company's business and any of its products, services or solutions. The words "believe," "forecast," "project," "intend," "expect," "plan," "should," "would," and similar expressions and all statements, which are not historical facts, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, any of which could cause the Company to not achieve some or all of its goals or the Company's previously reported actual results, performance (finance or operating) to change or differ from future results, performance (financing and operating) or achievements, including those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. More detailed information about the Company and the risk factors that may affect the realization of forward-looking statements is set forth in the Company's filings with the SEC, copies of which may be obtained from the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The Company assumes no, and hereby disclaims any, obligation to update the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Contact: Michael Glickman MWGCO, Inc. 917-397-2272 mike@mwgco.net © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular What United should have done in response to that video of a man being violently pulled off a flight Positive buzz sends first marijuana ETF sharply higher in early days of trading Why you, too, could get dragged off a plane if the airline overbooks your flight ‘Re-accommodate’ is United’s euphemism for forcibly dragging passenger off an airplane Can employers solve the student-loan crisis? MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live RADAR: Severe storm from the Midwest to the South Empire State Building in the New York skyline A view from Brooklyn to Manhattan Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Kittens nap on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, Fla. Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Belmar beach cam in New Jersey Lavallette beach cam in New Jersey Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass. from Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Bat reportedly found in salad spurs CDC investigation More The two unnamed customers reported eating part of the salad from a Florida Walmart before finding the animal, according to the CDC. 0:50 | 04/10/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Bat reportedly found in salad spurs CDC investigation Now we disturb ring disturbing discovery that is in Florida. Two people were eating a prepackaged salad when they found a dead backs. First express is recalling its organic market side spring. Mixed with. Use by date at April 14 BS salads were shipped exclusively at Wal-Mart stores in the southeast federal and state investigators are now trying to determine. How that that caught in the south. Are we sure wasn't and excluding because you know sometimes it can be little darker now they apparently say it was decomposing. I think that sometimes you know a salad didn't you know will be there for days and it'll smells. A little off. Well you know it isn't so yeah that eating the salad when it banned yeah. My biggest opened the bag and it was in there. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: Bed bugs becoming resistant to more pesticides, study finds Now Playing: Men have higher rates of HPV than women, CDC says Now Playing: Kindergartner loses leg after strep throat leads to dangerous infection Now Playing: 3 out of 4 pediatric flu deaths were unvaccinated children, study finds Now Playing: 6 children found unconscious from apparent carbon-monoxide poisoning at hotel Now Playing: Brain implants help paralyzed man 'reach and grasp' again Now Playing: CBO report: 24 million more uninsured by 2026 Now Playing: Patient reunites with doctor 50 years after undergoing LA hospital's 1st kidney transplant Now Playing: Family's transgender journey: Dad and daughter transition from mother and son Now Playing: '10% Happier' with Vegan Ultra-Endurance Athlete Rich Roll Now Playing: Grass-roots campaign to raise funds for teen's bionic legs Now Playing: President Reagan delivers first major speech on AIDS epidemic in 1987 Now Playing: Boy's 'giggle fits' turn out to be rare form of epileptic seizures Now Playing: California med student fulfills dying dad's wish to see her graduate Now Playing: New recommendations on how to treat substance use disorder released by American College of Physicians (ACP) Now Playing: Tips to protect yourself and your family from lead poisoning Now Playing: US cancer deaths are decreasing, study finds Now Playing: 'Dobby' the newborn giraffe gets plasma treatment to bolster immune system Now Playing: Pompe disease and treatments highlighted in Trump's address Now Playing: Penicillin mold cultured by Alexander Fleming auctioned for more than $14,000 Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":46706660,"title":"Bat reportedly found in salad spurs CDC investigation","duration":"0:50","description":"The two unnamed customers reported eating part of the salad from a Florida Walmart before finding the animal, according to the CDC.","url":"/Health/video/bat-reportedly-found-salad-spurs-cdc-investigation-46706660","section":"Health","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
  Community Video Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Best Reviews Sheknows TV Guide Community Video Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes All Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Best Reviews Sheknows TV Guide Facebook Twitter59.8k Pinterest158k Google Plus5.7k Sign up for our Newsletters Contact Us Advertise AdChoices Careers Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use About us SheKnows Family SheKnows Canada SheKnows UK SheKnows Australia BlogHer Soaps StyleCaster DailyMakeover DrinksMixer SheKnows Media ‐ Food 14614 North Kierland Boulevard S150 Scottsdale, AZ 85254 Phone: (480) 237-7100 Contact: corporate.sheknows.com © Copyright 2003-2017 SheKnows, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Connect with Facebook Connect with Twitter Connect with Google SheKnows Connect Create an account Sign out Start writing Video Share Tweet Pin Share Share this Story Share Tweet Pin Share Stumble Share CopyCopied! Email Print What would you like to know? Search results for: FOOD & RECIPES A Quick Passover Guide to the Meaning of Everything on the Seder Plate NEXT STORY The Super-Disturbing Thing People Found In Their Salad at Walmart 14 hours ago by Hannah Hickok Hannah is the lifestyle editor at STYLECASTER, covering sex and relationships, politics, women's health, career, home décor, food, travel, and more. Her favorite things include spinach artichoke dip, cashmere sweaters, and impromptu danc... View Profile Image: Getty Images Print It was — shudder, cringe, gag — a dead bat Share Tweet Pin Share Tumble Combined comments & shares on social media Thought grabbing a boxed salad was a safe, healthy choice when you're on the run? Think again. In an entirely new level of horrific food recall news, two people ate some of a pre-packaged salad at Walmart that contained a dead bat. OMG. I mean, rodents, bugs and human hairs are bad enough — but a flying animal that resides in caves and is well-known to carry the deadly rabies virus? That is gag-worthy not simply because it's disgusting, but because it could kill you. The packaged salad mix, which was made by Fresh Express and issued to stores in Florida, has been recalled. The two poor unsuspecting victims ate some of the salad before discovering the bat in the box. The CDC has sent the bat to labs for rabies testing, and the two people were also tested and are reportedly in fine health so far (but are being monitored). More: Customer Sues Dunkin Donuts for Serving Fake Butter If you live in Florida and are concerned that you may have eaten or bought one of the Fresh Express pre-packaged salads, here are the deets. The recall is for Organic Marketing Spring Mix in a clear, 5-ounce container with a best-if-used-by date of April 14, 2017. You can get a full refund, but more important, won't be exposed to any deadly diseases simply by opening the box. It's still unclear how the hell this happened (I mean, at least when metal pieces get into chicken, you know it came from the factory or machines that helped package the food up — not that that's especially comforting). Either way, if you're getting the heebie-jeebies just thinking about buying prepackaged food right now, you're not alone, and we'll all be making our own salads for the foreseeable future. More: KFC Will Stop Using Antibiotics in Chicken... Eventually Tagged in food news recalls Comments Follow Us Facebook Twitter59.8k Pinterest158k Google Plus5.7k RSS SheKnows Media ‐ Food Slideshows 6 Easter Brunch Recipes From New York's Coolest Restaurants 21 Healthy, High-Fat Breakfasts for Any Day of the Week 19 Genius Recipes to Use Up All Your Leftover Easter Candy 20 Hilarious Food Fails Not Even the Easter Bunny Could Forgive Subscribe to SheKnows Eats You've got meal! Get daily recipe inspiration. Please enter a valid email address. Related Articles KFC Will Stop Using Antibiotics in Its Chicken... Eventually by Hannah Hickok 3 days ago Burger King's Fruit Loop Shake Is the Latest Frankenfood Mashup You Need to Try by Justina Huddleston 3 days ago Frequently Prescribed Inhaler Albuterol Recalled by Sara Lindberg M. Ed 3 days ago Today's Big Stories What the Zodiac Has in Store for You This Month: Your April 2017 Horoscope How to Help Our Kids Cope With Failure 7 Surprising Causes of Bad Breath Hot New in Food & Recipes Close The menu button now contains all of the sections of our site. And you'll see personalized content just for you whenever you click the My Feed . SheKnows is making some changes! b e  h e a r d ! Welcome to the new SheKnows Community, where you can share your stories, ideas and CONNECT with millions of women. Get Started
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 Family Safety Day Photo Galleries Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 63° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 81° F Lo: 57° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 Family Safety Day Photo Galleries Featured: AMBER Alert for Elizabeth Thomas Latest Headlines Home considered total loss after East Nashville fire April 10, 2017 Emergency personnel thought someone might be inside but learned she wasn’t home Nashville’s minority caucus meets with city’s police chief April 10, 2017 It’s the first time the Metro Minority Caucus has been able to sit down face-to-face with the chief since the death of Jocques Clemmons. Defendant in triple slaying dies in jump from court balcony April 10, 2017 Tennessee legislature passes rural broadband bill April 10, 2017 VIDEO: Attorney sheds light on military judicial proceedings April 10, 2017 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 63° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 63° F Wind: SSE 5 Humidity: 56% Dewpoint: 47° F Sunrise: 6:19 AM Sunset: 7:16 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Latest Headlines Could this be the year the Predators bring home the Stanley Cup? April 10, 2017 Once again, they’re going head-to-head with the Chicago Blackhawks. Tennessee Titans release 2017 preseason schedule April 10, 2017 Three of the four preseason games will air on News 2. Otis Nixon, former Atlanta Braves player who went missing, is found safe April 10, 2017 Preds set to take on Blackhawks in 1st round of Stanley Cup playoffs April 10, 2017 JOE BIDDLE: Sergio earned Masters jacket April 9, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 63° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 81° F Lo: 57° F Monday marks 4 weeks since Elizabeth Thomas disappeared WKRN web staff Published: April 10, 2017, 11:40 am Updated: April 10, 2017, 4:18 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas at a Walmart in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, on March 15, 2017. (Courtesy: TBI) COLUMBIA, Tenn. (WKRN) – Monday marks four weeks since 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas and her former teacher disappeared from Maury County. Thomas was dropped off at a Shoney’s restaurant in Columbia by a friend on the morning of March 13. An AMBER Alert was issued for the teen the next day for her and 50-year-old Tad Cummins. Cummins has since been added to the state’s Top 10 Most Wanted list and charged with kidnapping. PHOTOS: AMBER Alert for Elizabeth Thomas. Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas (Courtesy: TBI) The pair has only been spotted one time since they vanished. They were seen on surveillance March 15 at an Oklahoma Walmart. The TBI has received more than 1,400 tips so far. The agency said it is committed to bringing Thomas home to her family. “This is not television and everything cannot be solved in 24 or 48 hours. The key is you stay with it and you follow the leads where they take you and eventually you will come to a good conclusion and closure will be given to whatever case you’re in,” TBI Director Mark Gwyn said, adding, “We’ll just continue to follow leads as they come in.” Thomas is a 15-year-old white female with hazel eyes who stands 5 feet tall and weighs 120 pounds. She was last seen wearing a flannel shirt and black leggings. Cummins is a white male, who stands 6 feet tall, weighs approximately 200 pounds, and has brown hair and eyes. He’s believed to be armed with two handguns. It remains unknown if they were still traveling in Cummins’ silver Nissan Rogue with Tennessee tag 976-ZPT. Anyone with information on their whereabouts is urged to call 1-800-TBI-FIND. Click here for more on the AMBER Alert for Elizabeth Thomas. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts TBI: Nebraska sighting was not Elizabeth Thomas, Tad Cummins TBI director remains optimistic Thomas, Cummins will be found Elizabeth Thomas’ father files petition to get witness testimony in AMBER Alert case Court papers: Elizabeth Thomas ‘scared’ of Tad Cummins Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com © 2000 - 2017 wkrn.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Nexstar Media Group Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Close Home News Sports Opinion Blogs Records Photos Classifieds Weather Church Directory Marketplace Calendar Contact Us Online Reader Weekly Ads Site Index Close Stories Blogs Comments Photos Classifieds Everything Close Submit: Anniversary Announcement Advertisement inquiry Birth Announcement Blog Signup Calendar Event Classified ad Engagement Announcement First Birthday Letter to the Editor Poll question Story Wedding Announcement Menu Search Submit Mountain Home News Menu Search Submit Index Login Register Home News Sports Opinion Blogs Records Photos Classifieds Meanderings of the editor Brian S. Orban Recent posts Archives Print Email link Post comment Share: At least give him a chance Posted Tuesday, January 24, 2017, at 1:07 PM Is the glass half full, or is the glass half empty? How many times have we heard this question in our lives? Each time I've heard it, that phrase was often used to determine whether someone was an optimist or a pessimist. After all, it was implied that a pessimist always saw that proverbial glass as half empty while an optimist thought the opposite. When someone directs that question at me, I tend to reply from a different perspective just to throw them off guard. My response states that, regardless of how much is in that glass, there's always room to improve what's in there by adding something good to the mix. That's how I've looked at the outcome of this presidential election. As soon as Donald Trump became the president elect, there were people who were immediately on the "glass half empty side" that were convinced that the country was going, in their words, straight to Hell. Then there were others out there that were absolutely delighted that their optimism had paid off and Hillary Clinton had been defeated. In their minds, their glass was half full because the person they despised or simply didn't trust wasn't elected. From my perspective, I saw the election of our new president and the other lawmakers on Capitol Hill as an opportunity for this country to have the room it needed to make some needed improvements and to "fill the glass" so to speak with something new and perhaps better than what we've seen in recent years. Many of us out there, me included, have directly felt the impact the recession had on our lives, and it's clear that our elected representatives have a chance to set things right and to improve our lives, even if it's just a little bit. However, it appears that about half of the people in this country doesn't want things to change. They seemed quite content with the direction the country has taken over the past eight years. When they didn't get their way, their actions remind me of a child throwing a temper tantrum in the toy department of Wal-Mart because they didn't get a toy they wanted. But in this case, their actions were a lot worse than a child yelling and screaming. We've had people staging riots, blocking roads and setting things on fire because their person didn't win. I'm still trying to figure out the last time Republican supporters did the same thing when their candidate wasn't elected. Thomas Jefferson was once quoted as saying, "that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing." Perhaps that's what we saw during the November election. About half of the people in this country were sick and tired of what they saw happening in the White House and on Capitol Hill. They decided they needed to take action by staging their form of rebellion that took place at voting polls across the United States. Whether or not you support President Donald Trump, the simple fact of the matter is that he's now in charge of running our country. No amount of whining or complaining is going to change that fact. It remains to be seen what he will actually accomplish over the next 100 days, because he has some very lofty goals. The question remains when reality will force him to adjust those plans. But for now, let's at least give the man a chance. * * * Having said all that, I needed to take a minute and vent my frustrations regarding the final actions our outgoing president made before leaving office. Last week, former President Barrack Obama decided to commute the sentence of Army Pvt. Chelsea Manning, who was convicted of espionage. The question on my mind is why did Obama do it? Manning's actions were inexcusable, regardless of the reasons given. Here's something to consider: The one thing that was often overlooked in the media's handling of the story was that Manning was a military intelligence analyst. That meant this soldier was entrusted with the handling and protection of highly classified documents and other sensitive information. What Manning did was no small breach of trust. She was convicted of stealing and disseminating 750,000 pages of documents and videos to WikiLeaks. As a former member of the U.S. armed forces, I know the seriousness of Manning's actions. She's lucky that she wasn't convicted of committing treason, which carries with a far more severe form of punishment. Instead, she was sentenced to 35 years in prison, with Obama cutting that sentence down to just seven years. Today, it still remains to be seen whether Manning's acts of espionage will have any lasting impact on national security, our nation's interests overseas or endanger the sources that provided the extremely sensitive information given to WikiLeaks. Make no mistake, what she did was both deliberate and malicious. But here are two things that make absolutely no sense: a) The Obama administration was all up in arms just a couple of weeks ago over allegations that Hillary Clinton lost the election because the Russian government hacked into government computers, stole sensitive information and had it splashed all over the media. b) Chelsea Manning, a U.S. Army soldier who took an oath to defend this nation and to obey military rules and regulations, steals more than a half million pieces of sensitive and classified information, gives it to WikiLeaks then receives clemency from the same administration. Was it an abuse of executive power to grant Manning a reduced prison sentence? Perhaps. However, let's not forget how many times in recent history that a president has pardoned other individuals accused or convicted of other types of serious wrongdoing. Let's not forget Army Lt. William Calley Jr., who was convicted of murdering 22 unarmed civilians during the My Lai Massacre in South Vietnam on March 16, 1968. Calley, who received a life sentence following his court martial, ended up serving just 3 1/2 years under house arrest after former President Richard Nixon commuted his sentence. Then there was former President Gerald Ford, who pardoned Nixon in the wake of the Watergate scandal. While former presidents Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan offered clemency for hundreds of other individuals, I need to mention the actions of former President Bill Clinton, who pardoned 450 people during his time in office -- a third of which happened during his last day in the White House. Among those who received clemency from Clinton were two individuals that allegedly provided more than $100,000 to former First Lady Hillary Clinton. To this day, it appears that he did this as part of a quid pro quo "you scratch my back and I'll scratch yours" agreement. I just hope this type of presidential authority gets reigned in some day. After all, too much power in the hands of one individual can sometimes be a very bad thing if used for the wrong purpose or for direct personal gain. -- Brian S. Orban Print Email link Post comment Share: More from this blogger · Brian S. Orban Transportation bill means roads get needed attention (4/4/17) State capitol isn't a church so stop treating it like one (3/28/17) Be a responsible pet owner, have your animals 'chipped (3/21/17) Let this nation never forget sacrifices of Vietnam vets (3/14/17) Something needs to happen to stop a national tragedy (3/7/17) Once again, our universe just got far more interesting (2/28/17) After latest assassination, is North Korea on the brink? (2/21/17) Respond to this blog Posting a comment requires free registration: If you already have an account, follow this link to login Otherwise, follow this link to register © 2017 Mountain Home News · Mountain Home, Idaho Site Index · Contact Us · Partners · Terms of Service · Back to top
Home Expat Country Forums All Expat Forums Australia Forum Britain Forum Canada Forum Cyprus Forum Dubai Forum Egypt Forum France Forum Germany Forum Greece Forum HK Forum Italy Forum Japan Forum Mexico Forum NZ Forum Philippines Forum Portugal Forum Singapore Forum Spain Forum SA Forum Thailand Forum Turkey Forum USA Forum Rest of the World Expat Country News All Expat News Australia News Britain News Canada News Cyprus News Dubai News Egypt News France News Germany News Greece News HK News Italy News Japan News NZ News Philippines News Portugal News Singapore News Spain News SA News Thailand News Turkey News USA News Expat Misc News Register Contact Information About Terms Privacy Premium Subscription Authors Contact   Expat Forum For People Moving Overseas And Living Abroad > Europe > France Expat Forum for Expats Living in France Wish us luck! User Name Remember Me? Password Register FAQ Community Links Social Groups Pictures & Albums Contacts & Friends Members List Calendar Today's Posts Search Show Threads   Show Posts Tag Search Advanced Search Join Today France Expat Forum for Expats Living in France Welcome to the France Expat forum. This is the place to meet like minded people who have made France their new home. This forum is ideal for those who have moved to France and those thinking about making France their new home. Go to Page... 1Likes Top All This Page 1 Post By Bevdeforges Wish us luck!   Subscribe to this Thread Thread Tools   #1 (permalink)   Yesterday, 02:21 PM kjstinson Member   Join Date: Nov 2009 Location: US Posts: 128 Rep Power: 0 30 likes received 56 likes given Originally from usa. Expat in france. Wish us luck! Wish us luck - tomorrow we go to the consulate for our visa appointment. I believe I have all my ducks in a row - every item checked off on the list that the Houston Consulate provides, copies of everything. The photos Wal-Mart took are larger than the box on the paper - hope that is OK. I am not taking our plane tickets - I wrote the Consulate and they said they didn't need them, so we bought one-way tickets. Our US Social Security is more than France's minimum wage with our combined amount, my husband makes more and I make less, but combined is over. We also have some savings. We still have the issue with the boat - we are going for the first 6 weeks on our boat before we go to the apartment with the lease. I did get a letter from the marina saying the boat is moored there, but of course we will be leaving there and cruising around the canals. Hopefully that will be OK. Didn't sleep much last night - tonight probably not at all - so much rests on this. Think positive thoughts for us! Karen & Gene   #2 (permalink)   Yesterday, 03:44 PM Bevdeforges Super Moderator   Join Date: Nov 2007 Location: deepest, darkest Essonne Posts: 37,756 Rep Power: 22167 6848 likes received 659 likes given Originally from usa. Expat in france. If you're only doing the boat for the first six weeks it shouldn't be a deal-breaker. Not sure how it works with the visitor visa, but normally they want you to register with the OFII in the first 3 months you're there. Just explain your arrangements (if they ask) and it should be just fine. (Better even if the marina can receive and hold mail for you, but don't worry about that at this point.) Sounds like you're well prepared. All the best for tomorrow's big appointment. (And don't be surprised if they just look through your "dossier" and accept it. Many times these appointments are over in 10 or 15 minutes, no more.) Cheers, Bev kjstinson likes this. vBulletin Message   Cancel Changes Quick Reply The following errors occurred with your submission Okay Message: Options Quote message in reply? Register Now In order to be able to post messages on the Expat Forum For People Moving Overseas And Living Abroad forums, you must first register. Please enter your desired user name, your email address and other required details in the form below. User Name: Password Please enter a password for your user account. Note that passwords are case-sensitive. Password: Confirm Password: Email Address Please enter a valid email address for yourself. Email Address: Location Where you live Expat From Country Please select the country you originate from. This will appear as a flag when you make posts on the site. afghanistanalbaniaalgeriaandorraangolaantiguabarbudaargentinaarmeniaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia_herzegovinabotswanabrazilbruneibulgariaburkinafasoburmaburundcambodiacamerooncanadacentralafricanrepchadchilechinacolombiacomoroscongocostaricacroatiacubacyprusczechrepublicdemrepcongodenmarkdjiboutildominicadominicanrepdubaiecuadoregyptelsalvadoenglandeq_guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafijifinlandfrancegabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagreecegrenadagrenadinesguatemalaguineabissauguinealguyanahaitihondurashong_konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisraelitalyivorycoastjamaicajapanjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonliberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacedoniamacaumadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamauritaniamauritiusmexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamoroccomozambiquenamibianaurunepalneth_antillesnetherlandsnewzealandnicaraguanigernigerianorth_koreanorwayomanpalestinepakistanpanamapapuanewguineaparaguayperuphilippinespolandportugalpuertoricoqatarrawandaromaniarussiasao_tomesaudiarabiascotlandsenegalserbiaseychellessierraleonesingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon_islandssomaliasouth_koreasouthafricaspainsrilankastkitts_nevisstluciasudansurinameswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtogotongatrinidadandtobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistantuvalauaeugandaukukraineuruguayusaussruzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelavietnamwaleswestern_samoayemenyugoslaviazairezambiazimbabwe Expat To Country Please select the country you have either moved to or want to relocate to. This will be presented on the site when you make posts. afghanistanalbaniaalgeriaandorraangolaantiguabarbudaargentinaarmeniaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia_herzegovinabotswanabrazilbruneibulgariaburkinafasoburmaburundcambodiacamerooncanadacentralafricanrepchadchilechinacolombiacomoroscongocostaricacroatiacubacyprusczechrepublicdemrepcongodenmarkdjiboutildominicadominicanrepdubaiecuadoregyptelsalvadoenglandeq_guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafijifinlandfrancegabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagreecegrenadagrenadinesguatemalaguineabissauguinealguyanahaitihondurashong_konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisraelitalyivorycoastjamaicajapanjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonliberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacadoniamacaumadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamauritaniamauritiusmexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamoroccomozambiquenamibianaurunepalneth_antillesnetherlandsnewzealandnicaraguanigernigerianorth_koreanorwayomanpalestinepakistanpanamapapuanewguineaparaguayperuphilippinespolandportugalpuertoricoqatarrawandaromaniarussiasao_tomesaudiarabiascotlandsenegalserbiaseychellessierraleonesingaporeslovakiasloveniasolomon_islandssomaliasouth_koreasouthafricaspainsrilankastkitts_nevisstluciasudansurinameswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtogotongatrinidadandtobagotunisiaturkeyturkmenistantuvalauaeugandaukukraineuruguayusaussruzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelavietnamwaleswestern_samoayemenyugoslaviazairezambiazimbabwe Log-in User Name Remember Me? Password Human Verification In order to verify that you are a human and not a spam bot, please enter the answer into the following box below based on the instructions contained in the graphic.  Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait « TWO Déclarations sur les revenus 2016 | International School Options from Grenoble - Houille Blanche or OMBROSA SAVOIE » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Posting Rules You may post new threads You may post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Trackbacks are Off Pingbacks are Off Refbacks are Off Forum Rules Similar Threads Thread Thread Starter Forum Replies Last Post looking luck in DUbai pendongkandong Dubai Expat Forum for Expats Living in Dubai 2 22nd September 2015 02:43 AM Bad Luck - Please help! Fishy Australia Expat Forum for Expats Living in Australia 5 26th August 2015 01:40 AM Please wish me luck! Minamiller Dubai Expat Forum for Expats Living in Dubai 10 3rd December 2014 11:43 AM Bad luck in uk badluck73079 Britain Expat Forum for Expats Living in the UK 5 18th May 2014 12:27 PM Wish me Luck! sweetheather Britain Expat Forum for Expats Living in the UK 3 19th February 2013 11:07 AM FORUM PARTNERS ExpatForum.com is owned and operated by VerticalScope Inc. Retiring Overseas Guides | Moving Overseas Guides | Cost of Living | Health Care Guides All times are GMT. The time now is 07:01 AM. France Forum Links France Forum Home Unanswered Posts Le Bistro France Classifieds France Expat News Euro Currency Exchange Moving Quotes To France Insurance For Expats in France Find Information You Need Forum Navigation Forum Home Today's Posts Advanced Search Expat News Stories Australasia Australia Expat Forum NZ Expat Forum Europe Britain Expat Forum Cyprus Expat Forum France Expat Forum Germany Expat Forum Greece Expat Forum Italy Expat Forum Netherlands Expat Forum Portugal Expat Forum Spain Expat Forum Turkey Expat Forum Middle East Dubai Expat Forum Israel Expat Forum UAE Expat Forum Other Middle East Countries Forum North America USA Expat Forum Canada Expat Forum Mexico Expat Forum Asia China Expat Forum HK Expat Forum India Expat Forum Indonesia Expat Forum Japan Expat Forum Malaysia Expat Forum Philippines Expat Forum Singapore Expat Forum Thailand Expat Forum Africa Egypt Expat Forum SA Expat Forum South America Argentina Expat Forum Brazil Expat Forum Member Navigation New Posts Unanswered Threads My Control Panel View Private Messages Send Private Message Edit Your Profile Edit Your Avatar Edit Your Signature Premium Subscription Forum Rules Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us Go Premium For Only $19 To list and sell your products or services, get instant access to private messages, post links, larger avatars, promotional signatures and more for only $19/month. Upgrade Now Contact Us - Advertise - Expat Forum - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, vBulletin Solutions, Inc. Search Engine Friendly URLs by vBSEO vBulletin Security provided by vBSecurity v2.2.2 (Pro) - vBulletin Mods & Addons Copyright © 2017 DragonByte Technologies Ltd. « Back Terms of Use  
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Knight, Swift Transportation Merge To Create $5 Billion Trucking Giant Forbes Lauren Gensler, Forbes Staff 15 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Partial owner of Kushner's NY flagship property willing to sell Ford testing crib that mimics car ride motions to help babies sleep © (Photo by Matt Mills McKnight/Getty Images) There’s a new trucking giant in town. Quotes in the article Swift Transportation Co SWFT ▲ 24.77 +4.75 +23.73% Knight Transportation Inc KNX ▲ 34.75 +4.10 +13.38% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 73.06 +0.16 +0.22% On Monday, U.S. trucking companies Knight Transportation and Swift Transportation said they have agreed to merge in an all-stock deal that gives the combined company an enterprise value of $6 billion. The company will be named Knight-Swift Transportation and have $5 billion in annual revenues. It will retain its headquarters in Phoenix, Arizona, where both companies are currently based, with some 23,000 tractors, 77,000 trailers, and 28,000 employees. Shares of Swift Transportation jumped 23% in morning trading, while shares of Knight Transportation were up 10%. Under the terms of the agreement, a reverse stock split will convert each share of Swift into 0.72 shares of Knight-Swift. Each share of Knight will be exchanged for one Knight-Swift share. The deal values Swift’s stock at $22.07, which is a 10% premium to its last closing price. The two companies, whose roster of customers includes retailers like Walmart, will maintain distinct brands and operations. However, they expect to benefit from their size and synergies as a combined company in an industry that has been rocked by declining demand and pricing power amid the shift to e-commerce. “We look forward to learning from each other’s best practices as we seek to be the most efficient company in the industry,” said Knight CEO Dave Jackson in a news release, who will lead the combined company. The deal is expected to add $15 million to adjusted earnings in the second half of 2017, plus another $100 million in 2018 and $150 million in 2019. “By coming together under common ownership, the companies will be able to capitalize on economies of scale to achieve substantial synergies,” said Swift chairman Richard Dozer. While Swift and Knight are both valued at around $2.5 billion, Swift’s revenues were four times higher than Knight’s last year. In aggregate, the two companies earned roughly $806 million in combined adjusted earnings on $5.1 billion in revenue. Swift’s current chief executive officer Richard Stocking and chief financial officer Ginnie Henkels will be leaving the company after the transaction “to pursue other opportunities.” The deal has been blessed by Jerry Moyes, who started Swift in 1966 and is its controlling shareholder, in addition to cousins Kevin and Gary Knight who helped start Knight Transportation in 1990 and retain 10% of the company’s voting power. The deal has been approved by both boards of directors and is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2017. The combined  company will trade under the ticker “KNX.” Swift shareholders will own 54% of the new company, while Knight investors will own the rest. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Forbes Qualcomm Alleges Apple Allied With Samsung To Incite Regulatory Attacks Against Chipmaker Forbes The Chinese Tech Firms Pushing Boundaries Of Artificial Intelligence Forbes Forbes' Top Influencers: Driving business through engagement Forbes Forbes View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Boot up fast with HP Wave (128GB SSD + 1TB HDD) Save $200 on Surface Book Intel i5 | Windows 10 The future is here! Use this phone as a full PC Only $479, perfect for travel! ( i5 & 1TB HDD ) Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
BREAKING NEWS: Stocks slide, Treasuries and yen up on geopolitical tensions … Corn hits one-week high, upcoming USDA forecast to drive market … Kuroda expresses confidence in BOJ's ability to exit QE policy … Oil eases from 5-week top, rising US production weighs … Four top-rated countries exposed to housing correction: Moody's … Dollar edges down vs yen as US Treasury yields slip … Palm oil trades flat, hovers near six-month low … Pakistan, West Indies set for ODI final showdown … Pakistanis have beaten back dark forces of intolerance: Maleeha … Tokyo stocks fall by break on geopolitical tensions … Menu Home Top News From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors Markets Politics & Policy People to vote on performance basis.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 11th, 2017 03:12 Minister directs to speed up implementation.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 11th, 2017 03:10 IGP pays farewell call to CM.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 11th, 2017 03:05 E-courts facilitate tax payers, says Dr.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 11th, 2017 03:02 250 miscreants arrested in Operation Radd-ul-Fasaad.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 11th, 2017 02:59 Govt committed to protect lives, properties.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 11th, 2017 00:00 ‘Govt believes in providing basic amenities.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 10th, 2017 23:59 World Africa Europe Global Business & Economy Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Four top-rated countries exposed to housing.. Imaduddin Apr 11th, 2017 11:33 US agrees to sell fighter jets.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 11th, 2017 03:24 Spain holds Russian hacking suspect wanted.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 11th, 2017 03:23 Philippine’s Duterte starts Gulf tour .. Fawad Maqsood Apr 11th, 2017 03:14 Niger forces kill 57 members of.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 11th, 2017 03:11 Egypt police kill 7 suspected IS.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 11th, 2017 03:05 China, Myanmar ink oil pipeline deal.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 11th, 2017 03:01 Business Banking & Finance Industries & Sectors Managed Funds Real Estate Kuroda expresses confidence in BOJ’s ability.. Imaduddin Apr 11th, 2017 11:38 Toshiba faces earnings deadline as delisting.. Imaduddin Apr 11th, 2017 08:27 United passenger dragged off overbooked flight.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 10th, 2017 23:09 Petronas seeks buyers for $1bn offshore.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 10th, 2017 22:59 China’s SAIC says not signed formal.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 10th, 2017 22:54 Toyota makes $1.33bn investment in Kentucky.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 10th, 2017 22:39 Goldman Sachs recommends short position on.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 10th, 2017 22:35 Markets Commodities Energy Equity Fixed Income FXMM Stocks slide, Treasuries and yen up.. Imaduddin Apr 11th, 2017 11:42 Corn hits one-week high, upcoming USDA.. Imaduddin Apr 11th, 2017 11:39 Oil eases from 5-week top, rising.. Imaduddin Apr 11th, 2017 11:36 Dollar edges down vs yen as.. Imaduddin Apr 11th, 2017 11:31 Palm oil trades flat, hovers near.. Imaduddin Apr 11th, 2017 11:28 Tokyo stocks fall by break on.. Imaduddin Apr 11th, 2017 11:00 Most Asian markets rise but geopolitical.. Imaduddin Apr 11th, 2017 08:26 Stocks Stocks Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Football Hockey Olympic London 2012 Other Sports Pakistan, West Indies set for ODI.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 11th, 2017 11:17 Wenger faces new quit calls after.. Imaduddin Apr 11th, 2017 08:32 Football: Korean Nam helps Lekhwiya top.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 11th, 2017 01:09 RugbyU: All Black Toeava out for.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 11th, 2017 00:43 Football: US, Mexico, Canada in joint.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 11th, 2017 00:03 Soccer-Rossi suffers fourth serious knee injury.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 10th, 2017 22:55 Rugby-Brumbies safe, Australia to axe Force.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 10th, 2017 21:59 Entertainment Arts Lifestyle Movies Music Amjad Sabri’s family decides to leave.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 10th, 2017 16:06 Mahira Khan becomes Bollywood top grossing.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 10th, 2017 15:30 OLX celebrating five successful years in.. Imaduddin Apr 10th, 2017 12:57 Arjun Rampal allegedly assaulting a man.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 10th, 2017 12:44 Asad Amanat Ali remembered on 10th.. Parvez Jabri Apr 8th, 2017 19:37 World Health Day observed Parvez Jabri Apr 8th, 2017 18:52 Why Aamir refuse to release ‘Dangal’.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 8th, 2017 16:16 Sci-Tech Scientists find Earth-like planet with an.. Aagha Majid Apr 7th, 2017 13:17 Chinese engineer marries self-created woman robot Aagha Majid Apr 6th, 2017 15:21 UK researchers create graphene-sieve to make.. Aagha Majid Apr 6th, 2017 13:11 New Pyramid Older than Giza, Excavated.. Aagha Majid Apr 5th, 2017 13:30 Yahoo, AOL joining hands to form.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 4th, 2017 15:40 Towards the digital future: Striking balance.. Imran Kazmi Apr 1st, 2017 15:20 Arctic Ice turning green, cause for.. Aagha Majid Mar 31st, 2017 13:27 ePaper AAJ Live Home »World » North America » Trump to meet with US business leaders on Tuesday North America Trump to meet with US business leaders on Tuesday Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 10th, 2017 21:31 0 WASHINGTON: US President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives Tuesday including the heads of General Motors Co, IBM Corp, Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Tesla Inc, BlackRock Inc and Blackstone Group LP as he works to gain support for administration priorities. The business leaders from a variety of sectors also will confer in small groups with five cabinet secretaries about administration priorities on the budget, transportation, environment, education and commerce. It would be the latest in a series of meetings Trump is holding with business leaders as he seeks to gain traction for administration plans for corporate tax reform, boosting infrastructure and cutting federal regulations.   Copyright Reuters, 2017    Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous Dollar edges lower as investors cautious ahead of Yellen     Next Swedish prosecutor asks to extend custody for Stockholm truck attack suspect Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Top
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Politics Politics Elections Presidential Debates 2016 White House Congress Law Taxes Trump to meet U.S. business leaders on infrastructure, tax reform — source 12 Hours AgoReuters SHARES Saul Loeb | AFP | Getty Images President Donald Trump greets General Motors CEO Mary Barra (R) alongside US Vice President Mike Pence (L) prior to a meeting with automobile industry leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington, DC, January 24, 2017. U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives Tuesday including heads of General Motors, IBM and Wal-Mart Stores as he works to gain support for a $1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reform and other administration priorities, a government official briefed on the matter said. Trump has pledged to unlock $1 trillion in private and public infrastructure investments to fix bridges, improve the electrical grid and broadband internet, modernize airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans. Nearly three months after his inauguration, Trump will again seek the advice and funds of the private sector for his "national rebuilding" program. White House spokesman Sean Spicer confirmed the meeting and the small group sessions, but did not immediately disclose the CEOs. Trump also wants to streamline the income tax system, cut federal regulations, reduce corporate income tax and add new taxes to prod companies to keep or move production to the United States. The chief executives are part of Trump's "Strategy and Policy Forum" that was created in December and last met with the president on Feb. 3. The business leaders from a variety of sectors will also meet in small groups with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and White House budget director Mick Mulvaney, Spicer said. The CEOs will present a report to Trump. Participants in Ross' meeting include Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon and Indra Nooyi, chief executive officer of PepsiCo Inc . Pruitt's meeting will include GM CEO Mary Barra and Paul Atkins, CEO of Patomak Global Partners LLC and a Republican former SEC commissioner. Chao's meeting will include Tesla CEO Elon Musk. BlackRock CEO Larry Fink, who heads the world's largest investment management firm, in a letter to shareholders Monday backed calls for private investment to rebuild U.S. infrastructure. The Trump administration plans to unveil as soon as May the $1 trillion infrastructure plan over 10 years. "Fixing crumbling roads and bridges is not enough. We need to be focused on reshaping our world, not just repairing it," Fink wrote. Last week, Trump pitched infrastructure projects to about 50 New York area CEOs. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn told executives that privatizing air traffic control, which the administration proposed in its budget outline in March, could be a big boost. Other chief executives taking part Tuesday include consultant EY, Boston Consulting Group, the Cleveland Clinic and Global Infrastructure Partners, an infrastructure investment fund. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GM --- BLK --- WMT --- TSLA --- IBM ---
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Changes coming to TSP?•White House meets with CIOs•Defense contracting drawdown over? Headlines Get Email Alerts Online Chat Read the full text of our online chat with DJ Kachman, the Veterans Affairs Department’s director of mobile and security technology transformation lead. Sponsored Content Sports News Home » The Associated Press » Sports News » LPGA Tour Schedule LPGA Tour Schedule By The Associated Press and The Associated Press April 10, 2017 10:59 am 2 min read Share Jan. 26-29 — Pure Silk-Bahamas LPGA Classic (Brittany Lincicome) Feb. 16-19— ISPS Handa Women’s Australian Open (Ha Na Jang) Feb. 23-26 — Honda LPGA Thailand (Amy Yang) March 2-5 — HSBC Women’s Champions (Inbee Park) Sponsored Content: Why Governance, Risk and Compliance is Everyone’s Business - Download the Executive Brief Today. Advertisement March 16-19 — Bank of Hope Founders Cup (Anna Nordqvist) March 23-26 — Kia Classic (Mirim Lee) March 30-April 2 — ANA Inspiration (So Yeon Ryu) April 13-16 — LOTTE Championship, Ko Olina GC, Kapolei, Hawaii April 27-30 — Volunteers of America Texas Shootout, Las Colinas CC, Irving, Texas May 4-7 — Lorena Ochoa Match Play, Club de Golf Mexico, Mexico City ‘The fear is real’ Congress could enact Trump-level budget cuts May 18-21 — Kingsmill Championship, Kingsmill Resort (River Course), Williamsburg, Va. May 25-28 — LPGA Volvik Championship, Travis Pointe CC, Ann Arbor, Mich. June 2-4 — ShopRite LPGA Classic, Stockton Seaview Hotel and GC, Galloway, N.J. June 8-11 — Manulife LPGA Classic, Whistle Bear GC, Cambridge, Ontario June 15-18 — Meijer Classic, Blythefield CC, Grand Rapids, Mich. June 23-25 — Walmart NW Arkansas Championship, Pinnacle CC, Rogers, Ark. June 29-July 2 — KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, Olympia Fields CC (North Course), Olympia Fields, Ill. July 6-9 — Thornberry Creek LPGA Classic, Thornberry Creek at Oneida, Oneida, Wis. July 13-16 — U.S. Women’s Open, Trump National GC, Bedminster, N.J. July 20-23 — Marathon Classic, Highland Meadows GC, Sylvania, Ohio. July 27-30 — Aberdeen Asset Managment Ladies Scottish Open, Dundonald Links, North Ayrshire, Scotland Aug. 3-6 — Ricoh Women’s British Open, Kingsbarns Golf Links, Fife, Scotland Aug. 18-20 — Solheim Cup, Des Moines Golf and CC, Des Moines, Iowa Aug. 24-27 — Canadian Pacific Women’s Open, The Ottawa Hunt and GC, Ottawa, Ontario Aug. 31-Sept. 3 — Cambia Portland (Ore.) Classic, Columbia Edgewater CC Sept. 7-10 — Indy Women in Tech, Brickyard Crossing GC, Indianapolis Sept. 14-17 — The Evian Championship, Evian Resort GC, Evian-les-Bains, France Sept. 28-Oct. 1 — McKayson New Zealand Women’s Open, Windross Farm Golf Course, Auckland Oct. 5-8 — Alisports Reignwood, Pine Valley GC, Beijing Oct. 12-15 — KEB-Hana Bank Championship, Sky 72 GC (Ocean Course), Incheon, South Korea Oct. 19-22 — Swinging Skirts LPGA Taiwan Championship, Taipei Oct. 26-29 Sime Darby LPGA Malaysia, TPC Kuala Lumpur Nov. 3-5 — TOTO Japan Classic, Taiheyo Club (Minori Course), Ibaraki, Japan Nov. 8-11 — Blue Bay LPGA, Jian Lake Blue Bay GC, Hainan Island, China Nov. 16-19 — CME Group Tour Championship, Ritz-Carlton Golf Resort (Tiburon GC), Naples, Fla. Topics: All News Sports News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Sports News » LPGA Tour Schedule Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1933: FDR creates Civilian Conservation Corps Fed Photo of the Day Orangutan infant and mother at Smithsonian National Zoo Top Stories Will the Trump administration help or hurt defense reforms? Top Story Bipartisan TSP bill aims to address limits on fund withdrawals Retirement First round of email records reporting holds mirror to agencies’ management practices Management Report: Ex-Yosemite chief belittled workers, mainly women Government News Senate bill guarantees quick pay for feds furloughed during possible shutdown Federal Headlines THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 10, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7261 0.0073 1.73% L 2020 25.1645 0.0138 2.91% L 2030 27.8872 0.0207 4.13% L 2040 29.9508 0.0251 4.73% L 2050 17.1353 0.0159 5.28% G Fund 15.2861 0.0030 0.59% F Fund 17.6550 0.0150 0.93% C Fund 32.6919 0.0242 6.07% S Fund 42.5605 0.1149 4.57% I Fund 26.2554 0.0158 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us WEATHER ALERT Severe Thunderstorm Watch Full Story FOOD & DRINK Salad sold at Walmart recalled after dead bat found inside bag Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1854445" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A dead bat was found in a salad mix package in Florida. WPVI Monday, April 10, 2017 10:12AM Florida -- A recall has been issued for a packaged salad after a dead bat was found inside a container. Fresh Express issued a recall for a limited number of cases of Organic Marketside Spring Mix sold at Walmart. The recall was issued after a dead bat was found in a package of salad purchased in Florida. Officials said two people ate the salad before the bat was found in the package. They have been tested for rabies. Recalled Product Details: - Organic Marketside Spring Mix - 5 oz. clear container - Production Code of G089B19 and best-if-used-by date of APR 14 2017, located on the top label - UPC Code of 6 8113132897 5 located on the bottom of the container next to the bar code The company says the salads were sold mainly in southern states. Fresh Express says consumers who may have already purchased the recalled product should discard and not consume it. A full refund is available where purchased or by calling the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center toll-free at (800) 242-5472 during the hours of 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. CT. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: foodconsumerrecallu.s. & worldsaladfoodwalmartFlorida Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WPVI-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. FOOD & DRINK Where to eat Easter brunch Cooking With ABC13 Get your burrito fix at these Houston hotspots The best thing you can do with Peeps More Food & Drink Top Stories Storms possible early Tuesday morning HPD: Man killed in officer-involved shooting Man believed to be connected to Subway murder in jail Deputy murder suspect commits suicide after shooting TIMELINE: Deputy killed in Baytown ABC13's Erik Barajas reads to students Asst. Chief Deputy Greenwood and suspect's family speaks Show More Boyfriend of missing Houston woman charged with murder Officials name suspect in Greenwood murder case Courthouse incident linked to Greenwood murder Papa John's donates proceeds to Deputy Greenwood's family Concordia Lutheran mourns senior who died after prom More News Top Video Man believed to be connected to Subway murder in jail ABC13's Erik Barajas reads to students Stem cells from patient's own fat make the facelift new again HPD: Man killed in officer-involved shooting More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
null
Dark Souls 3 Ringed City DLC walkthrough Full guide for the franchise's farewell chapter. Persona 5 guide and walkthrough How to beat Palaces, ace quizzes and more. Sign in Create an account Username Password Forgotten your details? Reviews News Recommended Games Videos Digital Foundry Release Dates Guides EGX Deals Forum Loading... hold tight! Eurogamer.net Follow @eurogamer Home News PewDiePie launches weekly Twitch show, as advertisers back away from YouTube "This month, most likely, a lot of creators are not going to get paid." By Chris Bratt Published 10/04/2017 YouTube's most-subscribed creator, Felix 'PewDiePie' Kjellberg, has launched a weekly show on rival platform Twitch, during a period he's coined the 'Adpocalypse'. Following reports from both The Times and Wall Street Journal last month that highlighted advertisements being run ahead of YouTube videos containing hate speech, major companies including PepsiCo, Walmart and Starbucks pulled their ad campaigns from the site entirely. In a video entitled 'YOUTUBEISOVERPARTY', Kjellberg talked about the impact this was having on his own revenue and questioned whether it was an overreaction on the behalf of advertisers. "There's like, what, nine billion videos on YouTube?" questioned Kjellberg, who was recently dropped by YouTube network Maker Studios after a number of controversial stunts. "And people are worried about five? I agree, it's still a problem, but should everyone on the platform be affected by five racist dudes?" Although Kjellberg now earns millions of dollars each year, the YouTuber recalled an earlier point in his career in which he was living from paycheck to paycheck. "I pray for everyone that's a smaller channel that they can hang in there for now," said Kjellberg. "This month, most likely, a lot of creators are not going to get paid." At the end of the video, PewDiePie revealed plans for a new weekly live show hosted on Twitch. This marks the first time we've seen the immensely-popular YouTuber pledge to create regular content for another platform. "I decided this before, okay?" jokes Kjellberg. "Before anything, so don't read it the wrong way. But I wanted to start doing streams on Twitch." His new talk show, Best Club, launched on Sunday, attracting around 90,000 followers to the channel. Kjellberg has dabbled with Twitch before, having helped raise $1.3m for AIDS charity RED last year during a livestream event, but it's interesting to see him make this jump at such a volatile time for YouTube creators. Eurogamer's own YouTube channel relies on an income provided by advertisements (like and subscribe, I'm begging you), as do most creators on the platform. This isn't just a story about PewDiePie, it's bigger than that. 2017 is already shaping up to be one of the most important year's in YouTube's history, as it draws more and more criticism from an increasingly sceptical mainstream media. It's created global superstars such as Kjellberg and benefited greatly from their success, but it doesn't control them. When PewDiePie tells an offensive joke and is accused of anti-semitism, it's not only embarrassing for YouTube, but also expensive. It feels like something's got to give. Incredibly, given the concerns being raised, the Swedish YouTuber needed to reupload his 'YOUTUBEISOVERPARTY' video after its advertisements were automatically removed by YouTube. Sometimes we include links to online retail stores. If you click on one and make a purchase we may receive a small commission. For more information, go here. About Chris Bratt Chris is part of Eurogamer's video team. When he's not trying to abolish the written word, he's likely playing some kind of turn-based strategy game. Don't ask him about XCOM. Subscribe to The Eurogamer.net Daily. The 10 most popular stories of the day, delivered at 5pm UK time. Never miss a thing. Comments (67) Username Password Forgotten your details? Create an account OR Order Oldest Newest Best Worst Score -25 -10 -1 0 +1 +10 +25 Watch Dogs 2 walkthrough and guide A guide to the many activities in the open-world sequel. Loading... hold tight! Mobile Desktop Staff Contact us Policy centre Cookies Corporate site Twitter Facebook RSS Gamer Network Eurogamer.be Eurogamer.cz Eurogamer.de Eurogamer.dk Eurogamer.es Eurogamer.it Eurogamer.net Eurogamer.nl Eurogamer.pl Eurogamer.pt Eurogamer.se Brasilgamer.com.br GamesIndustry.biz Rock, Paper, Shotgun VG247.com VG247.it VG247 Türkiye NintendoLife.com USgamer.net Metabomb: Hearthstone Guides Metabomb: Heroes of the Storm Guides Metabomb: Overwatch Guides Metabomb: WOW Legion Guides Gamer's Edition Jelly Deals Hosted by dx.net
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Quest To Reduce Clinician Burnout: HealthLeaders Media Medicaid Overhaul to Hit Millions of Medicare Beneficiaries, Too cme/ce Study: Cardiac Recovery Observed with Mechanical Unloading iMedicalApps: Can an App Reduce the Risk of Diabetes? ACA Repeal Called 'Not Compatible with Cancer Diagnosis' LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Endocrinology Morning Break: Racist Patients; Bat Salad; No 'Death Spiral' for Obamacare Health news and commentary from around the Web, gathered by the MedPage Today staff MedpageToday savesaved by MedPage Today Staff April 10, 2017 A company recall notice "tiptoes around the batness," but there's no doubt that a packaged salad mix sold at a Walmart in Florida contained a dead bat. (David Neal, Miami Herald) What do you do when your patient is a racist? Here's what Julie Kim, MD, did. (The Health Care Blog) And here's what medical student Sara Rahman did when a patient said something hateful about Muslims. (Washington Post) Meanwhile, Perri Klass, MD, wonders how much rudeness there is at a hospital. (The New York Times) In her new collection, poet Dawn McGuire, MD, a neurologist, is inspired by veterans she treats. (Vicky Hallett, Washington Post) Diabetes is "responsible for 12% of deaths in the U.S., rather than 3.3% that death certificates indicate," according to the author of a new study. (Arlene Karidis, Washington Post) "Death spiral" for Obamacare plans? Not so much, says a new analysis. (Reed Abelson, The New York Times) And here's what we know about the 30 million Americans who remain uninsured. (Julia Belluz, Vox) "Secretary Price, as a surgeon, you know what it's like to hold a life in your hands." A medical resident at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta, where Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price, MD, trained decades ago, asks him to remember his experience there. (Allyson Herbst, MD, STAT) "[I]t should come as no surprise that a drug that works in a mouse often doesn't work in a person," says NPR's Richard Harris. "More prostate cancer patients get radiation when doctors own the equipment," Lisa Rapaport reports. (Reuters Health) "The Trump administration is ill-prepared for a global pandemic," writes Lena Sun. (Washington Post) The new status symbol? Sleep, says Penelope Green. (The New York Times) What was causing this woman's painful mouth sores? (Sandra Boodman, Washington Post) A former New York assemblyman and a dozen pain clinic workers are "accused of operating some of the largest 'pill mills' in the northeastern United States and illegally prescribing more than 6 million opioid pills." (Laila Kearney, Reuters) Morning Break is a daily guide to what's new and interesting on the Web for healthcare professionals, powered by the MedPage Today community. Got a tip? Send it to us: MPT_editorial@everydayhealthinc.com. 2017-04-10T09:30:00-0400 0 comments More in Endocrinology Morning Break: Racist Patients; Bat Salad; No 'Death Spiral' for Obamacare FDA Turns Down Sitagliptin Heart Data for Drug Label EndoBreak: Endocrine HTN Screening; Rationing Glucose Test Strips BMI Falls Short for Cardiometabolic Risk Assessment in Minorities About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Home Topics Associations Awards/Promotions Business Technology Earnings Economic Trends Logistics Mergers and Acquisitions Operations Project Management Purchasing Sales Management Software Supply Chain Workforce Development Big 50 Watch Manufacturing Minute Quick Hits Search Social Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Guides Companies Products Learn Digital Login Register Subscribe Channels MNET CHEM FM IMPO MBT PP Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Amazon Asks Large Consumer Brands To Sell Direct 04/07/2017 - 9:01am Comments by Andy Szal Amazon will reportedly attempt to persuade several prominent companies to completely overhaul their retail strategies during a meeting in its native Seattle next month. Bloomberg obtained an invitation to the three-day event that asks companies to consider "a major shift in thinking" — in effect, to transition away from traditional brick-and-mortar retailers such as Walmart in favor of the direct-to-consumer, rapid-shipping model employed by Amazon. Currently, packaged foods and consumer products companies design their products for bulk shipments and to stand out on store shelves. Amazon officials will argue that they should instead be designed to withstand shipments on an individual basis. Bloomberg noted that the shift could mirror packaging changes undertaken by electronics and toy companies, who made their products easier to open instead of designing packaging to attract shoppers or deter theft. Observers also speculate that Amazon could eventually target non-consumer brands for direct sales and shipping. "Manufacturers selling direct" was among the top concerns expressed by respondents to Industrial Distribution’s 2017 Survey of Distributor Operations. "Times are changing," the Amazon invitation reads, according to Bloomberg. "Amazon strongly believes that supply chains designed to serve the direct-to-consumer business have the power to bring improved customer experiences and global efficiency." Attendees will reportedly include General Mills and Mondelez, who could be receptive to the potential for improved sales as consumers increasingly turn against packaged foods. Although Walmart, Costco and other conventional retailers continue to dominate the consumer goods segment, those companies are also looking to capitalize on the ongoing boom in e-commerce. Walmart, like Amazon, is experimenting with delivery drones, while Target hired away a top Amazon official as it overhauls its supply chain. Supply Chain Related Reads Target Tests Grocery Delivery Service Simplifying the CPG-Retailer Connection Q&A: Simplifying The CPG-Retailer Connection Q&A: Simplifying The CPG-Retailer Connection Andy Szal Digital Reporter @SzalABM Full Bio > Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Industrial Distribution Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Directory FAQs Editorial Guidelines Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Topics Associations Awards/Promotions Big 50 Business Technology Earnings Economic Trends Logistics Mergers and Acquisitions Operations Project Management Purchasing Sales Management Software Supply Chain Workforce Development © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News EEI Honors Electric Companies and National Key Accounts Executives for Outstanding Customer Service WASHINGTON, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — The Edison Electric Institute (EEI) today announced the recipients of its 2017 Awards for Outstanding National Key Accounts Customer Service. There are two categories of awards, the National Key Accounts Program Award and the National Key Accounts Executive Award. Each of these categories also has an award for sustained excellence.  Being presented for the 19th year, these awards recognize EEI member companies and National Key Accounts executives for providing superior service to multi-site customers. Votes were cast by EEI National Key Accounts customers, representing a wide variety of industries, including national brands such as Costco, HealthSouth, Marriot Hotels, Microsoft, Staples, TJX Companies, and Walmart. Recipients of the National Key Accounts Program Award for Outstanding Customer Service include: Avista Utilities FirstEnergy Corporation Pacific Gas and Electric Company Xcel Energy Recipients of the National Key Accounts Program Award for Sustained Excellence in Outstanding Customer Service include: American Electric Power Duke Energy Florida Power & Light Company Southern Company Recipients of the National Key Accounts Executive Award for Outstanding Customer Service include: Matthew Hettler, PSEG Long Island Darren Kelsey, American Electric Power Judy Ring, Xcel Energy Tisha Stril, Puget Sound Energy Cindy Verner, Southern Company Recipients of the National Key Accounts Executive Award for Sustained Excellence in Outstanding Customer Service include: Janet Booker, Southern Company Judy Corrigan, Xcel Energy Barry Moser, American Electric Power „Customers today are seeking more customized and integrated energy solutions than ever before,” said EEI President Tom Kuhn. „This year’s winning companies and executives serve as vital partners, providing national key account customers with education and resources to meet their changing needs and expectations.” The Awards for Outstanding National Key Accounts Customer Service were established by the Customer Advisory Group, a group of national chain customers that provide feedback, guidance, and support to EEI’s National Key Accounts program. EEI’s National Key Accounts program is a customer-oriented program where leading multi-site customers and electric company account representatives collaborate to develop efficient energy management strategies that can be integrated into facilities nationwide. „The EEI Outstanding National Key Accounts Customer Service Awards recognize electric companies for their dedicated service to customers, educating them on current public policies that impact their business, validating the latest technologies, providing industry statistics, and creating a forum where customers can interact frequently with industry representatives,” said Customer Advisory Group member Margaret Manning, assistant vice president, Property & Energy Management, at TJX Companies. „These companies and individuals strive to continually provide top notch, efficient customer service.” Since its inception in 1988, EEI’s National Key Accounts program has provided resources for electric companies that have multiple sites and outlets, such as chains and franchise operations. Both industrial and commercial customers require unique approaches to their energy needs, and this network provides necessary advice and resources to establish processes that best serve customers. The program also offers resources and tools for customers to gain understanding of the current energy marketplace through workshops, communication outreach, and peer mentoring. To learn more about the program, visit EEI’s website here. EEI is the association that represents all U.S. investor-owned electric companies. Our members provide electricity for 220 million Americans, and operate in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. As a whole, the electric power industry supports more than 7 million jobs in communities across the United States. In addition to our U.S. members, EEI has more than 60 international electric companies as International Members, and hundreds of industry suppliers and related organizations as Associate Members.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/eei-honors-electric-companies-and-national-key-accounts-executives-for-outstanding-customer-service-300437131.html SOURCE Edison Electric Institute Related Links http://www.eei.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Not For Profit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Network Management Software Market to Grow at a CAGR of 6.4% by 2021 – Increased Adoption of Virtualization Products & Regulatory Compliance Requirements – Research and Markets Next PostNext Blackboard Launches Award-Winning Learning Management System on FedRAMP-Authorized AWS GovCloud (US) Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News EEI Honors Electric Companies and National Key Accounts Executives for Outstanding Customer Service WASHINGTON, April 10, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Edison Electric Institute (EEI) today announced the recipients of its 2017 Awards for Outstanding National Key Accounts Customer Service. There are two categories of awards, the National Key Accounts Program Award and the National Key Accounts Executive Award. Each of these categories also has an award for sustained excellence.  Being presented for the 19th year, these awards recognize EEI member companies and National Key Accounts executives for providing superior service to multi-site customers. Votes were cast by EEI National Key Accounts customers, representing a wide variety of industries, including national brands such as Costco, HealthSouth, Marriot Hotels, Microsoft, Staples, TJX Companies, and Walmart. Recipients of the National Key Accounts Program Award for Outstanding Customer Service include: Avista Utilities FirstEnergy Corporation Pacific Gas and Electric Company Xcel Energy Recipients of the National Key Accounts Program Award for Sustained Excellence in Outstanding Customer Service include: American Electric Power Duke Energy Florida Power & Light Company Southern Company Recipients of the National Key Accounts Executive Award for Outstanding Customer Service include: Matthew Hettler, PSEG Long Island Darren Kelsey, American Electric Power Judy Ring, Xcel Energy Tisha Stril, Puget Sound Energy Cindy Verner, Southern Company Recipients of the National Key Accounts Executive Award for Sustained Excellence in Outstanding Customer Service include: Janet Booker, Southern Company Judy Corrigan, Xcel Energy Barry Moser, American Electric Power "Customers today are seeking more customized and integrated energy solutions than ever before," said EEI President Tom Kuhn. "This year's winning companies and executives serve as vital partners, providing national key account customers with education and resources to meet their changing needs and expectations." The Awards for Outstanding National Key Accounts Customer Service were established by the Customer Advisory Group, a group of national chain customers that provide feedback, guidance, and support to EEI's National Key Accounts program. EEI's National Key Accounts program is a customer-oriented program where leading multi-site customers and electric company account representatives collaborate to develop efficient energy management strategies that can be integrated into facilities nationwide. "The EEI Outstanding National Key Accounts Customer Service Awards recognize electric companies for their dedicated service to customers, educating them on current public policies that impact their business, validating the latest technologies, providing industry statistics, and creating a forum where customers can interact frequently with industry representatives," said Customer Advisory Group member Margaret Manning, assistant vice president, Property & Energy Management, at TJX Companies. "These companies and individuals strive to continually provide top notch, efficient customer service." Since its inception in 1988, EEI's National Key Accounts program has provided resources for electric companies that have multiple sites and outlets, such as chains and franchise operations. Both industrial and commercial customers require unique approaches to their energy needs, and this network provides necessary advice and resources to establish processes that best serve customers. The program also offers resources and tools for customers to gain understanding of the current energy marketplace through workshops, communication outreach, and peer mentoring. To learn more about the program, visit EEI's website here. EEI is the association that represents all U.S. investor-owned electric companies. Our members provide electricity for 220 million Americans, and operate in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. As a whole, the electric power industry supports more than 7 million jobs in communities across the United States. In addition to our U.S. members, EEI has more than 60 international electric companies as International Members, and hundreds of industry suppliers and related organizations as Associate Members.   SOURCE Edison Electric Institute CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Electrical Utilities, Not For Profit, Oil/Energy, Utilities Post navigation Previous PostPrevious #Gaming News: Playerunknown’s Battlegrounds Sells One Million Copies Next PostNext Global Flail Mower Market Analysis to 2021 and Forecasts Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: People Favor Costco Over Sam's, BJ's for Gas Costco may have taken the overall title in its category, but it did not receive top marks in all criteria in this survey. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Apr 10, 2017 at 9:45AM Costco (NASDAQ:COST) has retaken the top spot among grocery stores and big-box retailers in an annual Market Force Information survey of Americans' favorite places to get gas. The warehouse club had fallen behind BJ's in 2016 after coming in first in 2015 by a large margin, according to Market Force. In 2017, Costco took back the No. 1 spot while Wal-Mart's (NYSE:WMT) Sam's Club came in second, BJ's dropped to a tie for third with Kroger, Wal-Mart itself took fourth, and Safeway came in fifth. Over 11,000 consumers took part in the annual survey that ranks gas stations in two categories: (1) traditional gas stations and convenience stores and (2) grocery stores and big-box retailers with gas pumps. Returning to No. 1 in its category was good news for Costco, but not everything Market Force found was positive for the warehouse club chain. Price is important, but it's not the only factor when it comes to people deciding where to fill up. Image source: Getty Images. Traditional gas stations still rule While Costco tops the grocery and big-box category, people still prefer to buy their gas at conventional stations, even though their prices tend to be higher (especially when you factor in loyalty rewards), according to Market Force. "For their most recent trip to the pump, 71% of drivers visited a gas station compared to 29% who visited a grocer, warehouse club or big-box retailer," according to Market Force. "Other key influencers in choosing a fueling stop are good lighting, fuel quality and payment options." Among traditional gas stations, QuikTrip ranked as America's favorite, beating last year's winner, the similarly named Kwik Trip, which fell to fifth place. Cumberland Farms came in second, while Sheetz placed third, and Wawa was ranked fourth. What are consumers looking for? While 77% of consumers ranked price as the most important factor when it comes to picking a place to fill up, that was not the only issue that concerned them. Security, fuel quality, easy ways to pay, and ease of entry/exit, were all named as contributing factors to making their gas station choice by over 40% of the 11,000 people surveyed.   Costco may have taken the overall title in its category, but it did not receive top marks in all criteria. Market Force noted that the warehouse club chain "led in most them," but tied with Safeway for last in ease of getting in and out and was alone at the bottom when it came to cleaning supply availability, a category that was considered important by less than 6% of those surveyed.  Second place Sam's club scored top marks in ease of getting in and out, tied with its sister brand Wal-Mart, while the warehouse club chain ranked second on its own to Costco for fuel quality, price, pump speed, and appearance. Grocery and big-box chains had low overall marks when it came to speed of payment authorization, probably due to the extra time needed to process loyalty cards, according to Market Force. What does this mean? While Costco members may be joining the club in part because of its gas stations, fill-up stops do not generally lead to added visits to the actual stores, according to this data. "Only 19% said they made an additional retail purchase when they last filled up at a grocer or big-box store, and, of those, most purchased from BJ's," wrote Market Force. However, cheaper gas clearly drives customer loyalty, especially when already low prices are enhanced with cash back from rewards credit cards or programs like Costco's Executive Membership, which offers 2% back on purchases up to $750 back a year. To hold onto its top rating, Costco may have to address the ease of getting into and out of its gas stations. That may be a challenge for existing locations since the warehouse club generally offers one-way traffic at its stations, which are often inside its parking lots rather than directly off the street. Still, this is a win for Costco, which has clearly overcome its shortcoming by offering low prices, and easy-to-use (if not easy to enter and exit) stations. Going forward, that should remain a reason consumers join or renew their memberships with the warehouse club. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Apr 10, 2017 at 9:45AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $73.06 up $0.16 (0.22%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $171.22 up $0.60 (0.35%) Read More 3 Things Costco Management Wants Investors to Know What to Watch for When Costco Reports Q2 Results Costco Boosts Membership Fees, Hoping to Reverse Sliding Profits Costco Is Raising Its Annual Membership Fees 5 Things You Didn't Know About Costco Wholesale Corporation Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current People Favor Costco Over Sam's, BJ's for Gas @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $COST
Tue, Apr 11, 2017 Keyword           News Local News from NewsRadio WGNS CBS National News CBS News MoneyWatch CBS World News Headlines CBS Tech - Science News CBS Entertainment News CBS Health News Obituaries WGNS History Weather Sports MTSU Sports Blue Raider Insider Report with Chip Walters Salutes Good Neighbor of the Day Educator of the Month Demos' Emergency Responder of the Week St. Thomas Heart for Healing Toot's Salutes Local Volunteers Schedule Event Calendar Swap N' Shop WGNS Advertising WGNS History Past Christmas Parades Contact Listen Live Local Info Obituaries (Listen Now) WGNS History Christmas Parade Pictures Support Local Art Churches Local Officials Links On Demand Action Line Truman Show Rutherford Issues Financial Coaching Radio All Sports Talk High School Games MTSU Games High School Coaches Show MTSU Coaches Shows Rutherford Home Show The PI Program with Ed Raymer ArmChair Quarterback Show Uptown Talk with Thom Christy Man falls victim to fake money with sell on LetGo App in Murfreesboro Published: April 10, 2017   Email   Print Another fraud case involving fake money for items sold online in Murfreesboro has been reported to police. This past week a Murfreesboro resident sold two pairs of Nike Jordan Brand shoes to a subject that contacted him on the internet. The resident was selling the shoes on the LetGo app. Evidently, the seller met with the buyer in the parking lot of Walmart on Old Fort Parkway to make the transaction. Once in front of the store, he met with the culprit who paid him cash for the shoes. Later, when the victim returned home, he noticed the bills were counterfeit. The buyer gave the man seven fake twenty dollar bills. At this point an arrest has not been made. The only details police have to go buy is that the buyer was a white male driving an older model Ford Focus that was beige in color. The man also used the name of "Harry PairOf" on the app. Source: MPD Incident 17-7127 Related Articles No Related Articles Read more from: News Tags: None        Email   Print WGNS Weather Eye Forecast Murfreesboro, TN weather ADVERTISEMENT Tweets by @WGNSRadio ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Rutherford County News Since 1947 eNews and Updates Have Local News Delivered To Your Inbox Subscribe to our RSS Feed Prep Baseball & Softball Coverage Friday, March 17, 2017 9:29 pm Thursday, April 13 Stewarts Creek at Siegel Baseball 5:50pm airtime Tuesday, April 18 Riverdale at Oakland Baseball 5:50pm airtime Thursday, April 20 Blackman at Oakland Softball 6:20pm airtime   On Air News Register Now Login Search Your Opinion Administration Copyright Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Service Sales Links Contact Us    WGNS Radio - Serving Murfreesboro and Rutherford County, TN Since 1947 Copyright © 2013 by Murfreesboro News and Radio Powered by Bondware News Publishing Software The browser you are using is outdated! You may not be getting all you can out of your browsing experience and may be open to security risks! Consider upgrading to the latest version of your browser or choose on below: Mozilla Firefox Google Chrome Ok X Log In to Murfreesboro News and Radio Welcome to the site. Please login. Username/Email: Password: Login Not a Member? Click here to register! Forgot your username or password? Click Here
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us WEATHER ALERT Severe Thunderstorm Watch Full Story FOOD & DRINK Salad sold at Walmart recalled after dead bat found inside bag Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1854445" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A dead bat was found in a salad mix package in Florida. WPVI Monday, April 10, 2017 10:12AM Florida -- A recall has been issued for a packaged salad after a dead bat was found inside a container. Fresh Express issued a recall for a limited number of cases of Organic Marketside Spring Mix sold at Walmart. The recall was issued after a dead bat was found in a package of salad purchased in Florida. Officials said two people ate the salad before the bat was found in the package. They have been tested for rabies. Recalled Product Details: - Organic Marketside Spring Mix - 5 oz. clear container - Production Code of G089B19 and best-if-used-by date of APR 14 2017, located on the top label - UPC Code of 6 8113132897 5 located on the bottom of the container next to the bar code The company says the salads were sold mainly in southern states. Fresh Express says consumers who may have already purchased the recalled product should discard and not consume it. A full refund is available where purchased or by calling the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center toll-free at (800) 242-5472 during the hours of 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. CT. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: foodconsumerrecallu.s. & worldsaladfoodwalmartFlorida Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WPVI-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. FOOD & DRINK Where to eat Easter brunch Cooking With ABC13 Get your burrito fix at these Houston hotspots The best thing you can do with Peeps More Food & Drink Top Stories Storms possible early Tuesday morning HPD: Man killed in officer-involved shooting Man believed to be connected to Subway murder in jail Deputy murder suspect commits suicide after shooting TIMELINE: Deputy killed in Baytown ABC13's Erik Barajas reads to students Asst. Chief Deputy Greenwood and suspect's family speaks Show More Boyfriend of missing Houston woman charged with murder Officials name suspect in Greenwood murder case Courthouse incident linked to Greenwood murder Papa John's donates proceeds to Deputy Greenwood's family Concordia Lutheran mourns senior who died after prom More News Top Video Man believed to be connected to Subway murder in jail ABC13's Erik Barajas reads to students Stem cells from patient's own fat make the facelift new again HPD: Man killed in officer-involved shooting More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
ComingSoon.net | New Movies, Movie Trailers, DVD, TV & Video Game News! Comingsoon on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on YoutubeComingsoon on Google plusComingsoon on PinterestComingsoon on instagramComingsoon on RSSMenu Home Movies Movie Reviews Movie News TV Streaming Netflix Amazon Prime Hulu Games Video Game News Trailers DVD DVD Releases Blu-Ray Releases Channels Horror Super Hero Hype SearchSearch David Lynch: The Art Life Review Blue Velvet david lynch David Lynch The Art Life Eraserhead Twin Peaks By Chris Alexander ON April 10, 2017 SHARE Fascinating portrait of filmmaker and artist David Lynch is now playing in select theaters I was reminded last night of something I have often said before in print and conversation in regards to my general disappointment at the state of contemporary indie filmmaking: “Before Eraserhead…there was no Eraserhead.” Well, obviously, but I mean it. As an artist, a filmmaker, when you’re operating on the fringes it is your ONLY chance to INVENT. You can literally do whatever you want. You can pour your vision and energy into breaking and remaking the rules. You can do ANYTHING. So why on earth do so many young filmmakers continue to simply chase commercial success right out of the gate, especially when commercial success on the fringe these days is negligible (re: nobody is really making money). If your greatest desire is to end up filed in a Netflix queue or a dump-bin at Walmart you’re doing it wrong. Make the art. Define your vision. Take risks. Make it personal. The rest will follow. It might take time. But that’s okay. I was reminded of this while watching the superlative David Lynch: The Art Life last night. Because this is exactly what Lynch did. Art first. Uncompromising. Cover of Entertainment Weekly later. Much f**king later… David Lynch: The Art Life is a marvel. On the surface, it’s kin to the also mesmerizing intimate documentary De Palma (read our review here). But it’s a very different film really, because Lynch is a very different filmmaker. A very different person. His journey to commercial success was a trail blazed in failure and struggle and triumph and hard work and a defiant refusal to compromise. He forged his name organically and by the time he did change the course of cinema in 1977 with Eraserhead, he was already confident in his singular vision. He had blazed the trail and it was now up to the rest of the world to catch up. And I don’t think they ever quite have. They’re still trying to figure him out. Directors Jon Nguyen, Rick Barnes and Olivia Neergaard-Holm’s fascinating portrait of Lynch the artist does a better job of anyone or anything I’ve seen in digging down into primordial blueprint of Lynch’s soul and piecing together the impossible puzzle of image, memory, sound and vision that make up the man’s life and, in turn, his work. Spending time with Lynch in his crumbling, brilliantly bohemian California studio while the future Twin Peaks guru paints, plays with substances, breaks material, sculpts, crushes canvas and bends brushes making his own raw, incredibly personal art pieces, the film juxtaposes these scenes of creation with Lynch narrating what amounts to his entire formative life story over touching photos and 8mm movies of his past. And what a story or, rather, what a storyteller. Slowly, surely Lynch – in between long, hypnotic shots of the filmmaker and artist simply chainsmoking and running his ink-stained fingers through his impressive shock of white hair – unfolds intimate tales of his loving, supportive parents, his idyllic 1950’s childhood, his early teenage rebellion that was quieted down when he discovered painting and fine art and even his early experiments with recreational drugs. Lynch is – like his films – eccentric and often very funny but none of it is forced or by design. He just naturally is these things. His toddler daughter wanders around his studio while he works and talks and one can see that the “foundation of love” (his words) that he was reared upon has translated to his persona. This is a kind man who just so happens to be one of the most important investigators into covert human darkness in film history. In his stories we see glimpses of the iconic moments that would weave their way into his films: how he saw a naked, beaten woman walking down his street sobbing when he was only 8 (Blue Velvet, Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me); his anxieties over being a father and husband and provider (Eraserhead), his drug-fueled experiences being hypnotized by lines on the freeway (Lost Highway, Wild at Heart), his fixation on the beautiful/ugliness of industrial areas (Eraserhead, The Elephant Man) and more. All of this is filmed and edited in a way that mirrors Lynch’s own work and though process. It’s almost as if the filmmakers have attempted to duplicate the experience of actually being inside the artist’s mind. We, the viewer, become David Lynch. And what a mind… After a successful festival run, David Lynch: The Art Life is playing select theaters across North America now including Toronto’s TIFF Bell Lightbox. Look for it. Learn from it. SHARE TWEET Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Movies TV Streaming Games Trailers DVD Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use AdChoices AdChoices ComingSoon.net is a property of CraveOnline Media, LLC, an Evolve Media, LLC company. ©2017 All Rights Reserved Copyright monitoring_string = "df292225381015080a5c6c04a6e2c2dc"
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 71° F Overcast Hi: 82° F Lo: 64° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 6 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Featured: Biloxi Bus Crash immigraiton Texas Legislature Latest Headlines Indonesian corruption investigator attacked with chemical Updated: 45 mins ago JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Police say an anti-graft commission investigator leading a probe into a scandal that threatens to implicate high-p… China punishes official for not daring to smoke near Muslims Updated: 45 mins ago BEIJING (AP) — A local government in China’s restive Xinjiang region has punished an official for not smoking in front of Muslim elders, see… Man shot and killed in struggle with Houston police officer 12:37 am Iran opens registration for May 19 presidential election 12:36 am Who is ‘Mel’? US terror case may unmask New York police mole Updated: 5 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 71° F Overcast Feels Like: 71° F Wind: 7 Humidity: 90% Dewpoint: 68° F Sunrise: 7:09 AM Sunset: 7:55 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Sports More Than The Score Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- Hidden History KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines Recipe for a Dreamy Cocktail April 10, 2017 Amanda Symons stopped by with a recipe for their namesake cocktail! Joe’s Taco Quest: Austin Taco Project. April 10, 2017 Our Joe Barlow stopped by the Austin Taco Project on his quest to find the best tacos in Austin. Jack Ingram on This Year’s MJ&M Event April 10, 2017 Joe Sits Down with Comedian Bret Gelman April 10, 2017 Better Performance on Replacement Windows for a Better Price April 10, 2017 Search for: Search the site 71° F Overcast Hi: 82° F Lo: 64° F 2 people find dead bat in salad they were eating Associated Press Published: April 10, 2017, 8:18 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Organic Marketside Spring Mix (Walmart photo) MIAMI (AP) — A recall has been issued after two people in Florida found a dead bat in the packaged salad they were eating. The Miami Herald reports that Fresh Express has recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix, which was shipped to Wal-Mart stores in the Southeast. The salads were sold in a clear container with production code G089B19 and best-if-used-by date of APR 14, 2017 located on the front label. Lizard found in kindergartner’s salad becomes new class pet The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says the bat was tested for rabies but because it was in deteriorated condition, rabies could not be definitively ruled out. The CDC said the risk of rabies transmission is low but recommended that the two people eating the salad start getting rabies treatment. The CDC says both report being in good health so far. The CDC recommends that anyone who ate the recalled salad product and found animal material in it contact their health department for evaluation. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts Bat found in north Georgetown tests positive for rabies Rabid bats found at Georgetown elementary school, nearby house Bat-killing fungus found for the first time in Texas Second skunk tests positive for rabies in Burnet Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories Flash Flood & Severe Thunderstorm Watches continue Tuesday morning Watching the severe weather roll in with a local storm spotter 911 caller says police were slow to respond to dangerous, drowsy driving Photo Galleries PHOTOS: U.S. missile attacks on Syria’s air bases PHOTOS: Severe storms move through Central Texas PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Anvil cloud looms over the Austin area PHOTOS: Attack on British Parliament PHOTOS: Train crashes into bus from Austin in Biloxi PHOTOS: Storm spawns tornadoes across central US Thrall-area struck by two tornadoes PHOTOS: Severe storms leave behind damage, destruction A Day Without Immigrants Bastrop kidnapping ends in deadly shooting along SH 71 in Del Valle PHOTOS: Red carpet fashion at the Grammys PHOTOS: Truck slams into Georgetown home leaving gaping hole That time Lady Gaga rocked Halftime PHOTOS: Taste of the NFL – Party with a Purpose PHOTOS: Players committing to colleges for National Signing Day PHOTOS: Behind the scenes of 2017 Super Bowl PHOTOS: Glorious sunsets sweeping across the Austin-area sky PHOTOS: Women’s March on Austin Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 KXAN Feedback If you have feedback about KXAN, we'd love to hear it. If you have a story, investigative, weather or web site tip, please visit our Report It page. Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Shows All Staff Schedule Bernadette Lee Rob Kirkpatrick Brandon Comeaux Listen Listen Live Get the KPEL App Events Full Calendar Submit an Event News Junkies Sign Up Contests KPEL Contest Rules VIP Support Win Stuff Contact Us Help & Contact Info Send Feedback Advertise Experts Acadian Total Security Audio Video Innovators Coccolare Spa Eagle Pest Control and Chemical GMFS Mr Electric National Foundation Repair Piggly Wiggly Reeds Metals Theriot Family Dental Care Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram Tip Us Noteworthy: KPEL App Win $1,000 Cash! Wingin’ It Wednesday Legal Authority Lafayette Live Gas Prices Crime Dead Bat Prompts Salad Mix Recall That Affects Louisiana By Bruce Mikells April 10, 2017 8:10 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Djansezian/Getty Images Salads have a great reputation for being a healthy choice in your daily meal plan. Many of us like the convenience of ready-made salad kits. These kits come with the greens, the croutons or other extras and the dressing too. One thing they should not come with is a dead bat. The discovery of a dead bat in a salad mix offered by Fresh Express and sold at Walmart stores throughout the southeastern United States, including Louisiana, has prompted a recall of certain salad products. Specifically, the dead mammal was discovered in a box of Organic Marketside Spring Mix. While just the overall grossness of finding a dead animal in your salad should be enough. There are also concerns that disease often associated with bats could be spread through the salad mixes. Officials with Fresh Express and the Centers for Disease Control have assured consumers that the spread of rabies is minimal. Still, the bat in question is being tested for that disease and others. The product being recalled is in a 5-ounce, clear container with a “Best By” date of April 14, 2017, with production code G089B19. If you have this product in your home it is suggested that you discard it immediately or return the product to any Walmart store for replacement or refund. Anyone with questions can call the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center 800.242.5472 from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Central time. Filed Under: food recall | Walmart Category: Health | National News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of KPEL 96.5 Louisiana State Police Troop I Gets Six New Troopers Lafayette Voters Have Two Decisions To Make Heavy Delays Are Expected For I-10 Closures Early Voting Begins Saturday Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Staff Bernadette Lee Rob Kirkpatrick Steve Peloquin Moon Griffon Rush Limbaugh Carol Ross Shannon Wilkerson Brandon Comeaux Mark Levin George Noory Kim Komando KPEL 96.5 FM on Facebook Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more Sign Up Now MOST RECENT STORIES The Grind: Crazy Series vs Coastal Carolina, Midweek Matchup With LSU, Handsome Monica [Video] Road Closures Happpening In Downtown Lafayette This Week TOPS, Criminal Justice Reform, Gas Tax Among Major Topics For The Session Verot School Road Widening Project Continues This Week UL Softball Weekly Review – April 10 EEO Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Lafayette Business Listings Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://kpel965.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to News Junkies (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up for News Junkies Register Now Sign up for News Junkies quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive News Junkies contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook News Junkies brought to you by: News Talk 96.5 KPEL Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: missoulian.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections News Local Montana & Regional National News World News Business Government Sports Griz Sports High School Local College Sports National Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Cartoons Columnists Obituaries Entertainment Calendar Music Arts and Theatre Movies TV People Books and Literature Corridor Magazine Games & Puzzles Features Territory Outdoors Food Weddings Buy & Sell Classifieds Business Directory Today's Deal Place an Ad Autos Homes Rentals Open Houses Newspaper Ads Weekly Ads Jobs Top Jobs Work for Us e-Edition Special Publications Contact Contact Us Subscribe Carrier Opportunities Dealer Services Email alerts Customer service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 43° Missoula, MT (59801) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 28F. W winds at 10 to 20 mph, decreasing to less than 5 mph. Updated: April 10, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Obituaries Buy/Sell AP 2 people find dead bat in salad they were eating Apr 10, 2017 Updated 11 hrs ago MIAMI (AP) — A recall has been issued after two people in Florida found a dead bat in the packaged salad they were eating. The Miami Herald reports that (http://hrld.us/2plrKAo ) Fresh Express has recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix, which was shipped to Wal-Mart stores in the Southeast. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! Missoulian.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says the bat was tested for rabies but because it was in deteriorated condition, rabies could not be definitively ruled out. The CDC said the risk of rabies transmission is low but recommended that the two people eating the salad start getting rabies treatment. The CDC says both report being in good health so far. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags News Wire General News Bats Animals Rabies Animal Health Health Wildlife Health Wildlife Environment Environment And Nature Latest in section University of Montana associate professor of law offers insight about Neil Gorsuch US temporarily bans use of cyanide predator traps in Idaho School: Student suspended over post, not professor fight Video of passenger getting dragged off flight sparks uproar The Latest: United CEO defends employees in plane incident Public Records Divorces for Monday, April 10 DUI convictions for Monday, April 10 Sex and violent offenders for Monday, April 10 Marriages for Monday, April 10 Sex and violent offenders for Monday, April 3 More on this topic US temporarily bans use of cyanide predator traps in Idaho School: Student suspended over post, not professor fight Video of passenger getting dragged off flight sparks uproar The Latest: United CEO defends employees in plane incident Pepper spray, assault arrests, follow rapper's shopping trip Most Popular Turmoil at St. Pat's leads to more resignations Lauded University of Montana dining director under investigation for sexual harassment Police: Montana woman attacked children, exposed breasts at skate park Conflux: New two-story restaurant, brewery planned for downtown Missoula Cutting Cold Smoke? Brewery bill amended to scale back production cap from 60K barrels to 12K Business Directory Latest Local Offers Guild Mortgage Offers FHA Financing. Click here for more information! Updated 6 hrs ago Bellboys Lawn Care Are you interested in landscape remodeling services this spring? Schedule your free estimate with Bellboys Lawn Care today - 406-396-1747 Updated 6 hrs ago Currents World News Then and now: How glaciers around the world are melting National 37 big colleges where the most students graduate on time +3 National Mission nearly impossible this spring: Finding a home to buy Today’s top pics: Masters golf title for Sergio and more Your daily 6: Less lost luggage for flyers, Supreme Court adds one and stores could keep closing Today In History, April 10: Jackie Robinson Today's Birthdays, April 10: John Madden Lentils And Rice With Caramelized Onions 'Guerrilla' drama creator defends characters' ethnicity Michigan's Wagner, Wilson entering draft, don't have agents Cubs' banner-raising ceremony delayed by rain TODAY'S TOP VIDEO GOP fights to hold on to hotly contested seats Ready to graduate from pho? Manhunt for armed man who sent letter to Trump Spicer: If you gas a baby, expect a response Sites & Partners Ravalli Republic AutoFinder Montana Magazine Health Resource Guide Missoula Public Art Guide Montana's Cultural Treasures Corridor Montana 55 Online Features Tools & Services Contact Us E-edition Subscribe RSS © Copyright 2017 Missoulian, 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Decomposing dead bat found in packaged salad By Jackie Salo View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 10, 2017 | 9:11am | Updated April 10, 2017 | 9:40am Modal Trigger Shutterstock More On: bats This baby bat loves to snuggle Vampire bats have developed a taste for human blood Family traps a bat in a lamp and has no idea what to do next Bats Global successfully debuts IPO Two customers enjoying a salad were halfway through their meal when they spotted an unsavory topping: a dead bat. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said the pair from Florida discovered the winged rodent in a pre-packaged Fresh Express salad purchased from Walmart. The bat was in such a “deteriorated condition” that health officials said they could not determine whether it had rabies. “In this circumstance, the risk of rabies transmission is considered to be very low, but because it isn’t zero, the two people who ate salad from the package that contained the bat were recommended to begin post-exposure rabies treatment,” the CDC said in a statement Saturday. Fresh Express announced Saturday that the company was recalling the “5-ounce Organic Marketside Spring Mix” salad, which was sold exclusively in Walmart stores. “The recall was necessitated when Fresh Express was notified that extraneous animal matter was allegedly found in a single container of the salad. Out of an abundance of caution, all salads manufactured in the same production run are being recalled,” the company said in a press release. Salad lovers reacted in horror on social media. “I never step into a Walmart but for those that do..disgusting!” said one user on Twitter. Others appeared to be more amused. “I think I saw ‘Dead Bat Salad’ on Chopped once,” another said. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under bats ,  florida ,  food recalls ,  recalls ,  rodents ,  walmart Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Hackers blamed for setting off dozens of tornado sirens Read Next Hackers blamed for setting off dozens of tornado sirens Share Selection Trending Now in News 56,320 These NASA astronauts believe aliens have already contacted us 28,720 Officer who dragged bloodied passenger off flight placed on leave 20,431 Dragged passenger kicks and screams his way off overbooked flight Now On Friends upset ‘angel of death’ photographer showed up to visit Glenn O’Brien This real estate developer predicted Trump’s presidency in the ’80s Alan opening ‘Club Cumming’ on the Lower East Side SEE ALL Now On Bill O’Reilly Wrote & Narrated A Book With “Numerous Sex Scenes” – And John Oliver Found It For Us SEE ALL Most Popular This Week Passenger from hell threatens to accuse Uber driver of rape Russian warship heads toward US destroyers after strike on Syria Dad cradles dead twins after Syrian gas attack 'A night of erotic freedom' at NYC's most exclusive sex... Uber bans rider for life over threat to accuse driver... More Stories pagesix Caitlyn Jenner has undergone sex reassignment surgery Now On Decider Sex On Netflix: Did You Know That Netflix Has A “Steamy” Section? nypost These NASA astronauts believe aliens have already contacted us New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Odd News Recall issued after dead bat found in salad sold at Walmart By Ben Hooper   |   April 10, 2017 at 9:18 AM Follow @oddnewsupi Comments April 10 (UPI) -- Some cases of prepared Fresh Express salads have been recalled after a salad sold at a Florida Walmart was found to contain a dead bat. Fresh Express issued a recall for 5-ounce containers of Organic Marketside Spring Mix with production code G089B19 and the best-if-used-by date of APR 14 2017 after "extraneous animal matter was allegedly found in a single container of the salad." The announcement said the recall was issued "out of an abundance of caution." A statement posted online by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention revealed two people had eaten some of the salad from the container before discovering the "animal matter" -- dead bat remains. "Two people in Florida reported eating some of the salad before the bat was found. The bat was sent to the CDC rabies lab for laboratory testing because bats in the United States sometimes have been found to have this disease. The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies," the statement said. The statement said customers whose salads are among those in the recall don't face any risk unless animal parts were discovered in the container. The CDC said those customers don't need to contact health authorities. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Costco shopper left pantless when phone catches fire in his pocket Cheating boyfriend busted in comments on Burger King Instagram post Recall issued for Washington State University socks bearing rival's slogan Comments Latest Headlines House cat mesmerized, frustrated by 'Magic Eye' illusion 9 hours ago ago April 10 (UPI) -- A YouTuber shared video of a cat showing a human-like fascination -- and ultimately, frustration -- with an optical illusion printed on a sheet of paper. Monitor lizard from Thailand stows away to Britain in traveler's suitcase 9 hours ago ago April 10 (UPI) -- Animal rescuers in Britain said a vacationer returning from Thailand received a shock recently when they realized a monitor lizard had made the trip with them. British police wrangle escaped donkeys in supermarket parking lot 9 hours ago ago April 10 (UPI) -- A British police officer experienced an "unusual end to a night shift" when he was called to a grocery store to wrangle two escaped donkeys. Mountain lion wanders into California family's home at dinner time 9 hours ago ago April 10 (UPI) -- A Northern California family said a mountain lion brazenly stormed into their home recently and made a mess in their kitchen before dinner. Watch: 'Sky Pool' hangs 500 feet above ground atop Houston tower 10 hours ago ago April 10 (UPI) -- A Houston high-rise is drawing attention online, thanks to a dizzying video of its most popular amenity -- a glass-bottom swimming pool on the top floor. Trending Stories Mountain lion wanders into California family's home at dinner time Watch: 'Sky Pool' hangs 500 feet above ground atop Houston tower Monitor lizard from Thailand stows away to Britain in traveler's suitcase British police wrangle escaped donkeys in supermarket parking lot Canadian police searching for stolen cellphone tower Photos 2017 SI Swimsuit issue launch Inside the Chocolate Museum and Experience in New York In photos: Tyra Banks through the years Models take part in a beach volleyball tournament in Miami Beach John Goodman honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame In photos: Paul & Joe show at Paris Fashion Week Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
The Forum Community Connection Tiger Talk Dreaming Big with Dr. Jamie Schwandt You And Your Young Child Green And Growing Extras From The Extension House 2 Home High School Sports Interviews FFA Interviews Connecting With SouthWind Hays Post Hays (KS) News, Opinion, Sports, Video Hays News Hays Police Department Arrest Log Hays Eats™ HaysHasJobs Cancellations and Delays State/Nation Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries More ADVERTISE with Eagle Web Services Contact Us Circulars Calendar Local Church Services DISQUS Terms of Service Eagle Radio Contest Rules ADVERTISE with Eagle Radio & Hull Broadcasting of Hays Terms Of Service Submit Your Post Notices Exploring Outdoor Kan.: Yet another Kansas crop in 2017 April 10, 2017 by Hays Post Leave a Comment Steve Gilliland I slowly shone the flashlight all around me then quietly took one step forward, gingerly placing my foot on the ground before panning around me once more with the light. There had been a nice evening shower so the wet grass glistened in the flashlight beam, making it doubly hard to spot my quarry. Suddenly there it was; the object of my search, stretched out beneath the damp grass. I quickly pointed the light away so as not to spook it, cautiously lowered myself to one knee and prepared to do battle. The lightning reflexes of my youth long since gone, I thrust my hand downward as quickly as nature now allowed and felt the slippery wriggling beast in my grasp. Now came the trick; to tug the creature from its den without tearing it into pieces. With firm, constant, upward pressure I pulled my catch from its earthen domain. Success! Another fat night crawler for the bait can! April showers do more than grow May flowers. They also bring the world’s favorite fishing bait, night crawlers, to the surface. There have probably been more fish caught on night crawlers than on any other bait combined. Where I grew up in central Ohio, every square foot of earth harbored night crawlers, but not so here in Kansas. I can’t seem to find a definitive answer as to why not, so I can only surmise the reason has something to do with our soil. Growing up, there were few bait shops near us and there was certainly no Walmart, so any night crawlers required for fishing had to be caught. On warm rainy spring nights they could be found stretched out on top of the ground anywhere there was earth. Usually we could catch all we needed on either side of the walk so we never even had to step into the yard. Here in Kansas the first step, and possibly the toughest, at least where I live, is to find a place where night crawlers inhabit. City parks, grassy pastures compost piles and around old farm buildings are good spots to try. (You can ask avid fishermen, but as scarce as night crawlers are, don’t hold your breath for a truthful response!) Wait until its good and dark, say after 9:30 or 10:00PM, and the wetter the night the better, even if it’s raining lightly. Dress appropriately in old jeans and sneakers that you don’t mind getting dirty. The only other requirements are a good flashlight with fresh batteries and some kind of container. Walk slowly and quietly, taking “soft” steps so as not to vibrate the ground any more than necessary, and pan the light all around you as you walk. You will find the crawlers’ stretched out on the ground beneath the grass. Some will barely be peeking from their burrow while others will be extended nearly full length, but don’t be fooled: their tail end will always be anchored in the hole ready to snatch them backwards in the blink of an eye. When you spot the slippery form of your quarry, squat or lower yourself to one knee and reach out as fast as possible, grasping the crawler firmly. If you can tell which end is still in the hole, grab it as near the hole as possible; if you can’t tell one end from the other, grab for the middle and you’ll soon know which end you have! You’ll likely have to “coax” the crawler from the hole, so pull upward firmly, but not hard enough to tear it apart, This will take some practice so don’t be alarmed when you pull a few in half (those are still good bait; just use them first). Soon the worm will release its grasp and you can add it to the can. Sometimes you will find 2 crawlers attached and mating, and if you’re quick enough, both can be bagged at once. Most night crawlers purchased at bait shops are shipped down from Canada where one author suggested as many as a billion are harvested each year. It’s such a serious business there that fields are leased for harvesting much as deer hunting or fishing rights are leased around here. That author put the going rate at over $40.00 per thousand and claims that on a good night more than $800.00 can be made for those willing to spend the time. That’s a lot of worms! Night crawlers are classified as “deep burrowers” and are very efficient at incorporating organic matter into the soil. Their waste is very beneficial, and their burrows, as deep as 5 or 6 feet, help incorporate moisture and break up the soil. When I moved to Kansas I saw it as a lifeless land with few outdoor opportunities. However, each day since has shown me outdoor adventures I was missing. That new perspective has not yet turned Kansas into a land abounding with free night crawlers for the taking, and I don’t see a “worm lease” anywhere in my future, so short of growing them in my own lawn, I guess I’m resigned to helping a few of my northern neighbors earn their living whenever I need night crawlers for fishing……Continue to Explore Kansas Outdoors! Steve Gilliland, Inman, can be contacted by email at stevenrgilliland@gmail.com. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Filed Under: Editor's Choice/Opinion, Local Copyright © 2017 · Hays Post - Hays, KS · Powered by Eagle Communications | EEO Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 4 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest 2 people find dead bat in salad they were eating A recall has been issued after two people in Florida found a dead bat in the packaged salad they were eating Post to Facebook 2 people find dead bat in salad they were eating A recall has been issued after two people in Florida found a dead bat in the packaged salad they were eating  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2plvzW7 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs 2 people find dead bat in salad they were eating Associated Press 8:36 a.m. ET April 10, 2017 4 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Miami — A recall has been issued after two people in Florida found a dead bat in the packaged salad they were eating. The Miami Herald reports that Fresh Express has recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix, which was shipped to Wal-Mart stores in the Southeast. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says the bat was tested for rabies but because it was in deteriorated condition, rabies could not be definitively ruled out. The CDC said the risk of rabies transmission is low but recommended that the two people eating the salad start getting rabies treatment. The CDC says both report being in good health so far. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2plvzW7 TOP VIDEOS Police chase involving stolen SUV 0:17 Crowd cheers, films fight between women 0:39 Detroit Jews for Justice Rabbi Alana Alpert and Jake Ehlrich sing "Dayenu" 2:08 Attorney Nabih Ayad talks about the civil lawsuit 2:24 Kevin Kellom speaks with his attorney, Nabih Ayad, left. 2:20 Detroit police seek car connected to shooting 0:06 Comerica Bank robbery suspect sought 0:31 “Fight Racism, Raise Pay” protest 0:46 Police car chase through Hamtramck and Detroit 1:34 Fisher Building becomes home to a halfpipe 2:32
Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Log In Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine New: Kiplinger Alerts The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Store Log in Search Close Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine New: Kiplinger Alerts The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close How a Border Tax Would Affect You Store Log in SLIDE SHOW 13 Ways to Simplify Your Finances QUIZ Test Your Investing IQ SLIDE SHOW 7 Smart Ways to Build Your Emergency Fund TOOL Retirement Savings Calculator Advertisement Practical Economics How a Border Tax Would Affect You A plan to limit imports could raise prices but also create more jobs. Rose Blake By Sandra Block, Senior Associate Editor From Kiplinger's Personal Finance, May 2017 After grappling with your own tax return, you probably haven’t given a lot of thought to how much Apple and ExxonMobil pay Uncle Sam. But a Republican plan to reengineer the corporate tax code could have a direct impact on your bottom line. How much? That depends on whom you talk to and where they stand on the border adjustment tax. See Also: Kiplinger's Economic Outlooks — Trade Deficit The border adjustment tax would eliminate taxes on income from products sold outside the U.S. while removing tax deductions for the cost of imported goods, which would effectively impose a 20% surcharge on imports. Proponents say the change would encourage companies to make products in the U.S., thus generating more jobs. The tax on imports would raise an estimated $1 trillion over 10 years, enabling the government to cut corporate tax rates—currently, the highest in the world—from 35% to 20%. Chief executives of companies that are big exporters, such as Boeing, Caterpillar and Pfizer, are big fans of the BAT. They say the current business tax code gives an unfair advantage to foreign competitors and foreign-made goods. But chief executives from Wal-Mart, Target, Macy’s and dozens of other retailers contend that the BAT would increase the cost of just about everything by up to 20%. For most consumers, switching to items made in the U.S. isn’t an option. About 97% of the clothes and 98% of the shoes sold in the U.S. are made overseas, according to the American Apparel and Footwear Association. “Whether it’s the automobile you drive, the gasoline you use, the groceries you put on the table, or the shoes and the clothes you put on your feet and back, the prices of all of those things will get driven up by the border adjustment tax,” says National Retail Federation chief executive Matthew Shay. The BAT has strong support from House Republican leaders but faces headwinds in the Senate, where some Republican lawmakers have expressed concern about how it will affect big retailers. The plan’s supporters argue that a sharp increase in the value of the dollar would help offset any price hikes. Here’s how: The tax break for U.S. exporters would allow those companies to lower prices initially, which would increase demand for their products overseas. That, in turn, would boost demand for dollars, driving up the value of the greenback by 20% or more. A stronger dollar would increase purchasing power for U.S. companies and consumers who buy materials or products from overseas, thus offsetting the higher tax on imports. Advertisement Because a BAT has never been tried, it’s unknown how long it would take to reach that kind of equilibrium. Currency traders might buy dollars in anticipation of a policy change, hastening the greenback’s rise. But economists at the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, a nonpartisan research group, say the adjustment overall could take years, and in the meantime, at least some portion of the tax would be passed on to consumers. If you’re planning a trip to Paris, a stronger dollar is great news, but it has its pitfalls, too, particularly where your portfolio is concerned. As the dollar rises, it depresses returns from investments denominated in foreign currencies. One way around that problem is to look for funds that hedge their currency exposure, such as FMI International (symbol FMIJX), a member of the Kiplinger 25, the list of our favorite funds. See Also: 4 Best Mutual Funds for Foreign Stocks Show comments Advertisement Market Update Rate Info Follow Kiplinger 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS All Contents © 2017, The Kiplinger Washington Editors
Sports News Entertainment Opinion 60° Log In Subscribe Full Menu 60° Log In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Advertise Place Classified Ad Display Advertising Stay Connected Mobile Facebook Twitter E-mail RSS Feeds My Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Manage Account E-Edition Newsletters News News Local Crime Weather Education Marijuana California Nation/World Databases Special Reports Obituaries Death Notices Blogs Political Notebook Sports Sports High Schools Outdoors Grizzlies MLB MLB Scores & Stats NBA NBA Scores & Stats NFL NFL Scores & Stats College Columnists Andy Boogaard Marek Warszawski David White Politics Politics Elections Voter Guide Fresno State Bulldogs Fresno State Bulldogs Football Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie Times Music TV Theater & Arts Comics Puzzles & Games Dine Out Peoples Choice Blogs & Columnists Beehive Rory Appleton Rick Bentley Donald Munro Joshua Tehee Living Living Food & Drink Calendar Religion Horoscopes Blogs & Columnists Beehive Brew Buzz Bethany Clough Carmen George Fresno Famous Ask Amy Business Business Agriculture Personal Finance Technology Mortgage Rates Blogs BoNhia Lee Opinion Opinion Editorials Letters Valley Voices Other Opinions SW Parra Submit a Letter Columnists Armen Bacon Victor Davis Hanson David "Mas" Masumoto Bill McEwen Obituaries Today's Obituaries Place an Obituary CV Magazine Shopping Local Deals Today's Hot Deal Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Special Sections Classifieds Classifieds Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Real Estate New Homes Map Jobs Automotive Merchandise Pets Legal Notices Service Directory Place An Ad Classified Open House Weekend Real Estate Marketplace Jobs Jobs Fresno Bee Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Search Real Estate New Homes Map Real Estate Showcase Shopping Mixed Green Salad with Oranges, Dried Cranberries and Pecans. Chris Lee TNS Fresh Express recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix from Walmart stores in the Southeastern United States Saturday. 1 of 2 National April 09, 2017 9:14 AM Packaged salads recalled from Walmart after a dead bat was found inside By David J. Neal dneal@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Fresh Express recalled its Organic Marketside Spring Mix from Walmart stores in the Southeastern United States Saturday because a dead bat was found in a packaged salad in Florida. As the U.S. Food & Drug Administration’s recall chart notes, if there’s the possibility of bat body parts, there’s a “minimal risk of rabies contamination.” The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says it’s working with the FDA and the Florida Department of Health to investigate the situation. While Fresh Express’ recall notice tiptoes around the bat issue — “Fresh Express was notified that extraneous animal matter was allegedly found in a single container of the salad” — the CDC had this to say on its website: “Two people in Florida reported eating some of the salad before the bat was found. The bat was sent to the CDC rabies lab for laboratory testing because bats in the United States sometimes have been found to have this disease. The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies.” The CDC did say the risk of rabies transmission is very low, but not zero, so the organization recommended the two eaters of the organic salad begin treatment as if they’d been exposed to rabies. Both report good health so far, according to the CDC. As for the recalled product, it comes in a five-ounce, clear container. The best-by date is April 14, 2017, with production code G089B19. Customers can toss it or return it to the Walmart of purchase. Those with questions can call the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center 800-242-5472 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. In addition to Florida, the salads went to Walmart stores in Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:22 Two dead, others injured in shooting at San Bernardino elementary school Pause 2:04 Fort Worth funeral home billboards urge drivers not to text 0:56 Hilton housekeepers lawsuit alleges sexual assaults 5:59 Texting and driving: Amanda Clark's story 1:52 'Safety Train' event in Fresno promotes rail safety 2:52 Meet José-Luis Novo, the sixth and final conductor candidate for the Fresno Philharmonic 1:01 Athletic Director Jim Bartko speaks to Fresno State community about being molested as a child 1:30 Students battle in 3D Derby, BattleBots and Robot C Challenge tournament of technology 1:07 Grizzlies manager Tony D gets 1000th PCL win 3:27 Clovis High baseball coach James Patrick talks about approaching Mike Noakes' record Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email What to do if you think you have a recalled product There are many numbers and dates on the foods, drugs, cosmetics, and other products we use every day. Some help manufacturers track inventory, while others help retailers ensure quality. But when unsafe products must be removed from the market, these numb Credit: U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) David J. Neal: 305-376-3559, @DavidJNeal LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:22 Two dead, others injured in shooting at San Bernardino elementary school Pause 2:04 Fort Worth funeral home billboards urge drivers not to text 0:56 Hilton housekeepers lawsuit alleges sexual assaults 5:59 Texting and driving: Amanda Clark's story 1:52 'Safety Train' event in Fresno promotes rail safety 2:52 Meet José-Luis Novo, the sixth and final conductor candidate for the Fresno Philharmonic 1:01 Athletic Director Jim Bartko speaks to Fresno State community about being molested as a child 1:30 Students battle in 3D Derby, BattleBots and Robot C Challenge tournament of technology 1:07 Grizzlies manager Tony D gets 1000th PCL win 3:27 Clovis High baseball coach James Patrick talks about approaching Mike Noakes' record Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 months ago How CGI works: Bringing a giant ape to life 1:52 2 months ago How CGI works: Bringing a giant ape to life 24:21 2 months ago Hollywood's Greatest Trick​​ 1:57 2 months ago 7 planets orbiting nearby star could hold life View More Video National Mysterious group posts more alleged NSA hacking tools; Russia link suspected Risking deportation, 6 housekeepers sue Hilton, claiming a decade of sexual assaults Gluten free? A common virus could be behind celiac disease Alabama governor resigns, pleads guilty to misdemeanors Video of passenger getting dragged off flight sparks uproar National Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery e-Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile Options Mobile Alerts Newsletters RSS Advertising Advertising with the Bee Place Classified Ads Classified Ad Help Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Nation Tuesday, April 11, 2017    Last update: 1 a.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Decomposed bat is found inside bag of organic salad from a Florida Wal-Mart Print Email Share Tweet Steve Taylor | University of Illinois Fresh Express Organic Marketside Spring Mix was recalled after customers who purchased the mix at a Wal-Mart in Florida discovered a decomposed bat in their salad. By Avi Selk, The Washington Post Posted April 10, 2017, at 8:01 a.m. As the Miami Herald would observe, Saturday’s notice recalling an untold quantity of organic salad from Walmart stores across the southeastern United States “tiptoes around the batness” of the situation. The very, very disgusting batness of it all. Fresh Express’ recall notice says only that, despite “a range of stringent controls … in place during growing and harvesting,” some “extraneous animal matter” found its way into a single five-ounce container of Organic Marketside Spring Mix, somewhere on the continent. But the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, on the other hand, will tell you possibly more than you wanted to know. “Two people in Florida reported eating some of the salad before the bat was found,” reads the agency’s notice of an investigation of the incident. The dead bat was turned over to the federal government. “The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies.” That sounds bad, though the CDC offers reassurance that the chance of a live rabies virus making its way into the salad is very small. And the two people who ate the salad appear healthy. “Immediately upon notification of the event, Fresh Express food safety and rapid response teams worked in close coordination with Walmart and regulatory authorities to launch an intensive investigation,” a spokesperson for the company, which is owned by Chiquita of bananas fame, wrote in a statement to The Washington Post. “Based on all available evidence, we are confident this is an isolated incident.” Fresh Express, like many food makers in the age of mass distribution, has issued a handful of recalls before. But those contamination scares — salmonella, almond allergens, errant packages of Parmesan cheese — did not resemble whatever horror greeted the salad eaters in Florida. Not that a little dead bat is the most dangerous thing you can find in a meal. A minimal chance of rabies in two people who seem fine pales in comparison to a batch of Listeria-tainted Blue Bell ice cream that sickened people in four states. And a cucumber contamination in 2015 killed two people and sickened hundreds. A Wal-Mart spokesperson didn’t say in which store the bat was found, but said that as soon as the company learned of the incident, it told all stores selling salad from that batch to pull it off the shelves. There are no signs that the incident will lead to anything like the public relations crisis that Chipotle faced in 2015, when 80 college students fell ill after visiting a single restaurant. Or Taco Bell’s E. coli-based financial catastrophe a decade ago. Or Jack in the Box before that. A decomposed bat is not even necessarily the grossest extraneous matter you can find in your dinner. NPR has an entire compendium of reports about fingers found in fast food.   SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Mystery boom befuddles Maine authorities Ellsworth man arrested after standoff at woman’s home Linneus fire chief awed by donation of fire truck to his department Stephen and Tabitha King will give $30K to Bangor Fire Department Maine moves closer to shielding electricity customers from sticker shock Mike Thibodeau rises above Maine’s ‘Tough Guy Right’ Maine’s new income surtax for education is a step toward a prosperous society for all Maine’s ‘opioid health homes’ are so intricate there will probably be only a few In defense of Melania Trump and a mess of other thoughts Who benefits from the Syrian gas attack in Idlib? Legendary Belfast High wrestling coach dies at 74 UMaine associate men’s hockey coach Jay Leach resigns Ex-UMaine star guides Denver to eighth national hockey title Austin Theriault Survives Tough ARCA Race at Nashville Speedway Fans on Basketball Officials: Make up your Minds Already! STATE & CAPITOL Senators applaud Collins effort to save filibuster but McCain calls it ‘meaningless’ DEAR LIZ How can I prevent my spouse from getting my pension during a divorce? GEORGE'S OUTDOOR NEWS Brook trout bill continues to stir debate ACT OUT WITH AISLINN Where in the woods am I? Win an L.L.Bean gift card! THE BDN BUZZ Quarter of miles traveled in the US by 2030 seen as driverless How can I prevent my spouse from getting my pension during a divorce? Portland has a new strategy for feeding low-income residents Bumper crop leads to acorn flour production for Belfast friends Food Network’s ‘Chopped’ is looking for Portland chefs How holding hands can be a powerful symbol Top Stories Hackers steal patients’ personal data from Bangor mental health practice A disabled child soldier from Maine finally gets his due Janet Mills warns ICE courthouse arrests could have a ‘chilling effect’ in Maine Legendary Belfast High wrestling coach dies at 74 Senators applaud Collins effort to save filibuster but McCain calls it ‘meaningless’ Similar Articles 8.9.2011 Nowadays most US rabies cases in humans come from wildlife 8.24.2010 Oral rabies vaccine baits distributed in Aroostook 1.12.2017 State warns of fake rabies certificates after Brewer clerk discovers fraud 10.20.2011 State vet: Cats most dangerous rabies carrier 8.2.2012 Antibodies point to bat bite survival More in Nation   Officer on leave after dragging United Airlines passenger off plane   Gorsuch sworn in as Supreme Court justice   Massive fire destroys three buildings in Portsmouth   Quarter of miles traveled in the US by 2030 seen as driverless   Decomposed bat is found inside bag of organic salad from a Florida Wal-Mart Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News U.S.-India CSR Symposium: Making Economies Work for Women and Youth U.S.-India CSR Symposium: Making Economies Work for Women and Youth Join the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation and U.S.-India Business Council on April 14 to discuss best practices in promoting economic empowerment for women and youth in India. Sponsors include Abbott, Amway, and Walmart.  Featured speakers include: Krish Iyer, President & CEO, Walmart India Kathy Pickus, Divisional Vice President, Sustainability, Abbott Gautam Kumra, Managing Director, McKinsey & Co., India Siraj Chaudhry, Chairman, Cargill, India Gayatri Subramaniam, Chief Programme Executive, Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India Reema Nanavaty, Secretary General, SEWA, India Namita Vikas, Group President & Global Head, Climate Strategy & Responsible Banking, YES BANK  Participants will have the opportunity to engage with stakeholders from the Indian private sector, government and NGOs, and more. Topics to be covered include: The Business Case for Women’s Economic Empowerment The Power of Partnerships and Creating Shared Value The New Corporate Citizenship Landscape in India And more! Registration for the event is free. For more information, visit: https://www.uschamberfoundation.org/event/us-india-csr-symposium-making-economies-work-women-and-youth. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Chobani Heroes Food as a Unifying Force for Good Next PostNext Water for People and the Tableau Foundation Harness the Power of Data to Bring Clean Water to More than 7 Million People Search Recent Posts United States Smart Glass in Automotive Market Growth Factors, Applications, Product Types and Trend Analysis to 2021 United States Multi-Conductor Cables Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 United States Menadione (Vitamin K3) Market Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Global Cloud API Market : APEJ Region to Rise at 23.7% CAGR by 2026 United States L-Serine Market Dynamics, Forecasts to 2021, Sales and Revenue Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Opinion Op-Ed Op-Ed Instead of taxes, make corporations give the government stock The Capitol is seen at dawn in Washington J. Scott Applewhite / Associated Press The Capitol is seen at dawn in Washington. The Republican-controlled Congress is currently debating changes to the U.S. tax code. The Capitol is seen at dawn in Washington. The Republican-controlled Congress is currently debating changes to the U.S. tax code. (J. Scott Applewhite / Associated Press) Dean Baker President Trump and Congress will soon take up the job of reforming the tax code, with particular attention to corporate taxes. Since a substantial portion of the corporate income tax is paid by wealthy shareholders, many of us are concerned that “reform” actually means reducing the tax burden for the 1% — and leaving a larger burden for the rest of us. But the need for true reform is real. Although the corporate tax rate is 35%, companies generally pay around 23%. Giant loopholes save companies money, deprive the government of money, and create money for people in the tax avoidance industry. Exotic schemes to game the system are constantly in the news. Take, for example, the corporate inversion strategy, in which a U.S. company arranges to be taken over by a foreign company in order to eliminate its liability on overseas profits. These takeovers generate large fees for the accountants and lawyers who engineer the process without improving the broader economy. This system would eliminate almost all opportunities for gaming since a company would not be able to deny the government its share of profits. “Dead peasant” insurance policies, made famous by the documentarian Michael Moore, are another example. In that scheme, huge companies like Wal-Mart take out insurance policies on the lives of front line workers, such as checkout clerks, to smooth out their profit flows and reduce their tax liability. If a worker dies, the company gets the payout, not the individual or his family. Someone undoubtedly got very rich dreaming up dead peasant policies but, again, this financial innovation does not contribute to economic growth. Perhaps the greatest scheme of all is the private equity industry, which loads firms with debt. Because the interest on that debt is tax deductible, private equity firms can make large profits even if they’ve done nothing to improve a company’s performance. Incidentally, many of the richest people in the country made their fortune in private equity, including folks like Mitt Romney, Pete Peterson, and many other prominent billionaires or near-billionaires. If the tax reformers are serious, and I hope they are, here’s one simple way to largely eliminate the gaming opportunities that have made these people rich. Instead of traditional taxes, the government could require corporations to turn over a portion of their stock, say 25%, in the form of non-voting shares. The government would benefit from any dividends or share buybacks but would have no voice in running the company. This system would eliminate almost all opportunities for gaming since a company would not be able to deny the government its share of profits unless it also withheld profits from its other shareholders. And we would not call that “tax avoidance” but outright theft – the sort of thing that gets people sent to jail. Many companies might actually embrace this system. They would save a huge amount of money on accounting and bookkeeping, and they wouldn’t have to take the tax code into consideration when they decided their accounting procedures for long-term investments. They could simply do what makes the most sense for them. (Publicly traded companies could be required to give the government non-voting shares, with private companies allowed to choose between this system or a higher tax rate.) Don’t bet on the Republicans looking in this direction — the potential losers from these reforms, after all, are probably rich people who vote Republican. It is likely that they have more interest in reducing the taxes corporations owe than in reducing waste and increasing economic growth. But the rest of us should have a clear idea of what is at stake. The corporate tax code is badly in need of reform and there are ways to make it better. Dean Baker is the co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research and the author of “Rigged: How Globalization and the Rules of the Modern Economy Were Structured to Make the Rich Richer.” Caption Neil M. Gorsuch is sworn in to the Supreme Court President Trump speaks at the public swearing in of Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. President Trump speaks at the public swearing in of Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. Caption Neil M. Gorsuch is sworn in to the Supreme Court President Trump speaks at the public swearing in of Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. President Trump speaks at the public swearing in of Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss The number of illegal border crossings is down to the lowest it's been in 17 years. The U.S. is the largest funder of global health aid, but Trump wants to change that. Advertisers are fighting back against fake news -- do they stand a chance? And lastly, who is to blame in the Wells Fargo scandal? A long-awaited report has some names.  The number of illegal border crossings is down to the lowest it's been in 17 years. The U.S. is the largest funder of global health aid, but Trump wants to change that. Advertisers are fighting back against fake news -- do they stand a chance? And lastly, who is to blame in the Wells Fargo scandal? A long-awaited report has some names.  Caption Landowners in South Texas worry about border wall Jeremy Barnard, general manager of the River Bend Resort & Golf Club in Brownsville, Texas, says his family has put expansion plans on hold because they worry a wall would slice off the bulk of their investment. Jeremy Barnard, general manager of the River Bend Resort & Golf Club in Brownsville, Texas, says his family has put expansion plans on hold because they worry a wall would slice off the bulk of their investment. Caption Rio Grande Valley border crossing Rio Grande Valley border crossing (Brian van der Brug / Los Angleles) Rio Grande Valley border crossing (Brian van der Brug / Los Angleles) Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss The Times Editorial Board published a scathing series on Trump. It's opening day for major league baseball. Nearly 300 died in an airstrike in Mosul. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes today said he's temporarily stepping aside from the Russia probe amid accusations he may have improperly disclosed classified information. Han Solo gets to keep his pilot's license. L.A.'s congressional race looks to be headed to a runoff. California Gov. Jerry Brown's pitch to lawmakers to pass a $52-billion transportation tax plan. The Times Editorial Board published a scathing series on Trump. It's opening day for major league baseball. Nearly 300 died in an airstrike in Mosul. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes today said he's temporarily stepping aside from the Russia probe amid accusations he may have improperly disclosed classified information. Han Solo gets to keep his pilot's license. L.A.'s congressional race looks to be headed to a runoff. California Gov. Jerry Brown's pitch to lawmakers to pass a $52-billion transportation tax plan. Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion or Facebook MORE FROM OPINION It's back to the future for Trumpcare In the future, John Roberts could be the Supreme Court's swing vote Trump told Obama not to attack Syria; now he does just that Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times A civility award for the Supreme Court's odd couple In the future, John Roberts could be the Supreme Court's swing vote If teachers didn't pay income tax, would they be less likely to quit? Trump Series Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Place An Ad 60°
Politics | Entertainment | Arts | Lifestyle | Business | Health | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Business Technology Startups Internet Culture Media Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Subscribe to Newsletters Driverless Tomorrow The Key to Getting Self-Driving Cars Into Big Cities? Small Towns Our reporter sees a nice potential pilot project in his Kansas hometown By Brady Dale • 04/10/17 6:53am The northwest corner of 4th and Broadway, Pittsburg, Kansas. Brady Dale for Observer Some folks in Pittsburg, Kansas, think it has a parking problem on the way. Pittsburg is 20,000-person town near Kansas’s borders with Missouri and Oklahoma. It takes about 10 minutes to drive from one end of it to the other. An $18 million deal led by the local college, Pittsburg State University, has come together to rehab historic buildings at its very core, the intersection of 4th and Broadway. Called Block 22, the new development will house upper classmen and grad students, while also providing educational and work spaces, as the Joplin Globe reported. Businesses nearby are worried about whether there will be enough parking, because the downtown has not been a place where very many people have lived for a long time. The main place the people in those new apartments will want to go, of course, will be the university where they have enrolled, a little more than a mile down the street. To allay concerns, the city has agreed to support a shuttle bus service from the new development to campus. Bringing mixed-use development to the center of this Kansas town is already a big leap forward for the place, but what if the town shifted another paradigm while they were at it? What if that shuttle were operated by a vehicle without a driver? I know a thing or two about this downtown, that intersection and those buildings, because I was born and raised in Pittsburg. I graduated from the same high school where student journalists sniffed out phony credentials on their former new principal’s resume. A real estate agency owned by members of my family has operated out of one of the buildings slated for redevelopment since before I was born, so as a kid I fiddled with stuff at the drugstore on its corner and painted scary pictures on its windows at Halloween. I hazily remember when that building still had a person operating its elevator. The historic buildings sit at the south end of one of those old downtowns that my grandparents told me used to be a vibrant place for shoppers on foot, anchored by a Woolworth’s store, but for most of my life the downtown has been, well, pretty dead or at least barely breathing. With a Walmart Supercenter north of town and a tiny mall to the south, both swimming in a sea of parking, the businesses along Broadway haven’t had much draw for a long time. ‘What we actually want is to create the market. To show our technology and make the public confident in that technology’ But when the development is done, 100 or so new people will live there and more still will come in for classes and co-working, according to The Morning Sun. It made me wonder if parking would be less of a concern if routine transportation could be taken care of by one of the innovative new companies building self-driving mini-buses that can run longer than a typical workday and never take a smoke break. “Olli,” by Local Motors, as seen at its home facility in Maryland. MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images The players The fight to dominate ridesharing—a battle mainly between Uber and Lyft—is really a fight for leadership when self-driving cars come to market. It has gotten fierce. As Uber has stumbled and stumbled recently, Lyft has pounced. All ridesharing companies are losing money, but each hopes that they can reap rich rewards from dominating markets when ousting drivers from their vehicles makes profit possible. The smart mini-bus world looks much less cutthroat from the outside. That market looks less like a rush and more like a meander toward sustainable businesses. “The market is big enough for everybody,” Pierre Eliott Petit, head of U.S. operations for the French startup, Navya, told the Observer in a phone call. Petit is opening the company’s first office outside of France in Chicago. Still more prototypes than products, the robot mini-buses have been popping up around the world. One demo’ed at Las Vegas’s Consumer Electronics Show this year, another just started a brief demo in London and two have fully deployed in an office park in San Ramon, California. Each example represents a model sold by a different company, and man are these super cute little buggies. Each stands tall enough for people to stand inside, with seats around the inner periphery. Windows nearly as large as the buses’ walls look out in every direction. With no driver in the front, riders have an unobstructed forward view, almost like a cockpit. Critically, the rides’ floorboards sit low to the ground (right about curb height), so stepping on and off shouldn’t be challenging for anyone and adding even more accessibility features should be much easier than on classic buses. A traffic data company called Inrix released a report earlier this month where it sized up the autonomous car readiness of the 50 biggest cities, as Governing reported. The report favored cities where most trips run less than 10 miles and where people tend to live within 25 miles of the downtown. Flat landscapes and mellow weather also factored into the list. The choice to focus on cities seems natural, because that’s where the conversation has centered. Clean technology research and consulting company Navigant Research recently named Ford as the leading company in the self-driving car space, as was widely reported. A spokesperson for the vehicle company confirmed that it is focused on cities, because that is where severe congestion causes the most pollution. It’s a mission choice, and a laudable one, but will pushing to deploy autonomous vehicles first under the most complicated conditions do the most good the most quickly? When a man died last year in a Tesla on autopilot, the whole country freaked out. That’s why some companies involved in this sector now believe that autonomous vehicles have to be 100-times safer than human drivers before they can really be pushed on the market, as we previously reported. This seems like an excess of caution, and it raises the question: why start under unnecessarily difficult conditions? Could early fatalities or even just collisions in difficult markets prevent the hamstring regulators’ ability to approve a new technology that will begin saving lives as soon as it’s deployed? And might a rollout that started in smaller, less complicated places actually reach big cities faster by letting officials and the public do their worrying first while watching cars in less variable conditions, where traffic is slower, lighter and it doesn’t need to mess with highways? “For now, at Navya, what we actually want is to create the market,” Petit told us. “To show our technology and make the public confident in that technology.” To that end, it’s starting where the driving is the very easiest, such as corporate campuses, golf courses, retirement villages and amusement parks. “You cannot count how many opportunities we have,” he said. Even if the company strictly focused on entirely private and low-traffic places where no one expects to move that fast, Petit estimates his company could do a nice business for 20 years. Obviously, though, Navya doesn’t want to limit its products to private environments. Everyone in this industry wants its vehicles on public streets. The first objection anyone is likely to raise about any form of mass transit in middle America is obvious: everyone likes driving there, and that is true. I went on my first solo drive in southeast Kansas the day I turned 16. But it’s also true that not everyone who would like to drive can. For drivers who have only ever driven in the cities or the suburbs, it’s hard to overstate how different driving is in these places. Traffic is so light that the main danger is letting one’s attention wane, which isn’t to say that the people who live there don’t need full mobility as much as everywhere else, but that lighter traffic could also make it an easier place to learn early lessons, and there’s a need. We spoke to Norman Wright, Adams County Colorado’s director of community and economic development. He said that throughout car-centric America there are edge cases, particularly low-income people and seniors, who need an alternative to the personal car, and it’s usually the local government that ends up providing that alternative. “A lot of counties like ours, here and other places, we already do a service now for the low income and the senior to whatever destination they need to go,” Wright told us. Prior to his time in Colorado, Wright served communities in South Carolina and Tennessee, giving him a broad view of smaller town America. In Pittsburg, a non-profit, the Southeast Kansas Community Action Program (SEK-CAP), runs a bus route from the early morning to the early evening. It also provides van service on the college campus and will manage the shuttle between Block 22 and campus after it opens. “We are of the camp that are believers in urban and rural autonomy,” Hugh Palmer of Local Motors, which makes a trolley called Olli, told the Observer in a phone call. For small towns, he argued, “I believe it would start with paratransit.” Wright also saw the promise of a light and driverless mode of group transportation. A fixed bus route could be supplemented by mini-buses that feed riders to those stops on as needed basis. Eventually, cloud computing and predictive analytics could make it possible for fixed bus routes to become a lot more fuzzy, while still maintaining predictable service.   “We are already working on this. It’s just a question of mapping the area,” Petit said. Right now, their vehicles stick to fixed routes, but they see a more flexible future to come. “You could request the shuttle to pick you up wherever you are,” he said. A Navya vehicle, seen in Paris. THOMAS SAMSON/AFP/Getty Images OK, but what does it cost? Right. It would need subsidies at first, but we’re also not talking unrealistic sums. The two all-electric, self-driving buses on the road in San Ramon cost $250,000 each, according to the East Bay Times, which is roughly the same price as what Navya asks for its bus, the Arma (which also happens to the name of an even smaller town just north of Pittsburg). Navya’s monitoring and maintenance plan runs an additional $40 to $50,000 per year, on a five-year contract. That doesn’t include a fast charger, which lets rigs get back on the road more quickly, but it does include the driver: that’s built in. The City of Pittsburg did not get back to the Observer for comment after multiple inquiries. We spoke to SEK-CAP, however, which runs the existing mass transit services there, both the citywide loop for the general public and various university specific services. It will also run the new shuttle from downtown to campus. Its annual budget for transit throughout the region ran $731,000 in 2015, according to the last annual report it published, with 89 percent of those rides in Crawford County, which includes Pittsburg. Steve Lohr, its executive director, estimated that each of its 14 vehicles cost between $40 and $50,000 per year to operate (driver, maintenance, gas and other expenses), but that does not include capital costs. Each 14-passenger vehicle in its fleet costs up to $45,000 up front. Every eight-hour shift for a human driver, realistically will only give 6.5 hours of drive time, between checking in, checking out and a meal break in the middle, whereas an autonomous shuttle can drive from eight to 10 hours without any breaks. Lohr didn’t see the operational cost as prohibitive, but the capital cost would be. “We’d never do that on our own,” he said. “I would be in favor of exploring any opportunity to partner with local, state and federal folks in any project to pilot.” The ability of autonomous vehicles to spend more hours of the day on the road for a marginal additional cost struck Lohr as particularly advantageous. Incidentally, most of the popular bars operate a block or so from the university’s forthcoming work-live space, and the last time I was home a local gentleman was standing in the middle of Broadway one evening screaming at cars headed to various nearby watering holes. I don’t think he would have prevented much of a challenge for a robot car to navigate, and it would have been impossible for him to irritate it in the way he did all the owner-operators of vehicles he encountered that night.    One ride at the local amusement park, Kiddie Land, for scale. Brady Dale for Observer The vision thing Sam Abuelsamid, a senior research analyst at Navigant who led the work on its report said that future editions would probably incorporate the self-driving trolley companies, such as Local Motors, Navya and Easy Mile. “Smaller towns and rural environments, I think that’s generally seen as a less immediate problem to be solved,” he told the Observer in a phone call. Today, people tend to buy more car than they need, a point that both Abuelsamid and Wright each made when we spoke. Indeed, every household in my family has always owned at least one pickup truck. From hauling firewood to furniture to decapitated wildlife, they all got used to their full potential—sometimes. Mostly, they just shuttled people around, and that’s because we all buy cars for what Abuelsamid called “our worst case scenario.” And between those periods of intense need we have to park the things somewhere. But parking could be less of an issue in changing neighborhoods like downtown Pittsburg if the new arrivals didn’t need cars as often. Today, the main application most personal vehicles apply themselves to is sitting still on a slab of concrete. A paradigm leaping solution like robot trolleys could turn the low-intensity controversy over slabs of concrete in downtown Pittsburg into an opportunity with global implications. With its smooth roads, favorable weather and mellow traffic patterns, Pittsburg (or a place much like it) might be right for testing computer driven vehicles that simply don’t need their own slabs of concrete. Doing so could get us all on our way faster to a world where public slabs of concrete aren’t needed at all. SEE ALSO: Science: It Works—Except When It Doesn’t Observer Daily Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
recommended reading NSA Engaged in Massive Battle with Russian Hackers in 2014 DHS Device-Screening Catches Pedophiles at the Borders The New Administration's Cyber Stance Seeing the Road Ahead With Riverbed Nextgov TRENDING facebook twitter google plus rss Biometrics for Mexico // Border Wall // Rule Breakers // Devin Nunes // NIST Framework // Election Oversight News CIO Briefing Emerging Tech Cloud Cybersecurity Mobile Health Defense Big Data Hackers Target Trade Group, Rob Banks and Steal Athletes' Medical Records DD Images/Shutterstock.com By Nextgov Staff April 10, 2017 NEXTGOV NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIBE related stories This is How You Know Your Facebook Account Has Been Hacked Slack and Teddy Bears Leak Your Secrets; Boeing Employee Sends Personnel Data to His Wife L.A. College Pays Hacker’s Ransom to Unlock IT Systems 10 Easy Encryption Tips for Warding Off Hackers, US Government—and Russia Share this on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share this on Google Plus Share this on LinkedIn Print this article Email this article Increase size In case you missed our coverage this week in ThreatWatch, Nextgov’s regularly updated index of cyber breaches: US Trade Group Hit with Chinese Spy Tool, Researchers Say A spy tool tied to the Chinese government was discovered on the National Foreign Trade Council’s website, according to a cybersecurity firm. The trade group includes members from prominent companies including Wal-Mart, Johnson & Johnson, Amazon and Ford. Fidelis Cybersecurity said an NFTC registration page included a malicious link that would launch Scanbox, a tool that logs what kind of software is being used by the computers exposed to it, Reuters reported. The tool has only been linked to groups associated with the Chinese government, the researchers said.  Fidelis researchers said the attack, which NFTC detected five weeks ago, was likely the kind of traditional espionage that happens before large international summits—in this case, President Donald Trump’s April meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping. The firm also said the link has been removed and there is no evidence NTFC members were affected.  Kaspersky Links Hackers Behind Global Bank Heists to North Korea The group suspected of making off with $80 million from a Bangladesh bank last year has a direct link to North Korea, a security firm says. The robbery of the Central Bank of Bangladesh's systems took patience. The group behind it tooks months to learn the systems and then used stolen SWIFT credentials to request a series of transfers that totaled $851 million but made off with about $80 million, according to ZDnet. A recent Kaspersky Lab report said there’s a high chance the Lazarus Group—also linked to the 2014 Sony Entertainment hack—is behind the Bangladesh theft, as well as attacks on other global financial institutions, bitcoin firms and casinos. The report also connects a subgroup called Bluenoroff, which specializes in targeting banks, to an IP address in North Korea. The group operates on a large-scale and with a sophistication beyond most criminal organizations, running a “factory of malware” that constantly updates and morphs quality code. “Their solutions are aimed at invisible theft without leaving a trace,” the report said. Kaspersky identified suspected Lazarus attacks in Southeast Asia and Europe in recent weeks, though the group has gone quiet. Russian Hackers Swipe Athletes’ Medical Records—Again Fancy Bear, the hacking group linked to Russian intelligence, stole track and field athletes’ personal data from the sport’s international government body, The New York Times reported. The International Association of Athletics Federation worked with authorities where its headquarters are located—Britain and Monaco—to secure its network, and notified athletes who filed medical records with it since 2012. IAAF attributed the theft to Fancy Bear, according to the Times report. This is the third known attack attributed to Fancy Bear since some Russian athletes were banned from competing in the 2016 Olympic because of allegations of state-sponsored doping program, which the country's leaders denied. Hackers in the fall published information about athletes with therapeutic-use exemptions from the World Anti-Doping Agency and accessed the email of an U.S. Anti-Doping Agency’s employee. recommended for you Threatwatch Alert Stolen credentials / User accounts compromised British Payday Lender Warns Customers of Data Breach See threatwatch report ADD A COMMENT Creating a Holistic Cybersecurity Strategy for Government Seeing the IT Road Ahead with Riverbed The Federal Workforce Needs New Skills to Handle Change in Times of Transition Command Center for Application Performance FROM OUR SPONSORS sponsored Get Smart. Get The D Brief. Subscribe to Defense One's new national security newsletter. JOIN THE DISCUSSION By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Nextgov does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. PROMOTIONS The New Administration's Cyber Stance // This eBook discusses the current state of federal cyber policy and how things could play out under the new Trump presidency. eBook Innovating from the Top: Federal Chief Innovation Officers // his eBook explores the presence of a chief innovation officer—and how the job allows him or her to directly influence an agency’s tech policy, workplace culture or acquisitions within each federal government agency. IT Subcommittee to Focus on Buying Better Tech Faster See all coverage Underwritten by Dell FREE NEWSLETTERS Nextgov Today Health IT Route Fifty Today Research & Insights FITARA Forward see all blogs Nextgov Event: Experience the True Power of Digital Government Emerging Tech by Frank Konkel 4 Reasons Agencies Should Care About the Citizen Experience Tech Insider by Tony D’Emidio and David Malfara Tech is Overwhelmingly White and Male, and White Men Are Just Fine With That Wired Workplace by Keith Collins sponsored links Join AFCEA Bethesda, May 9-10, for Law Enforcement and Public Safety Technology Forum Come share challenges & best practices to strengthen operational impact. Register today. connellyworks.swoogo.com Nextgov About Contact Us Events Advertise List Rentals Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions GovExec Defense One Route Fifty Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2017 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from Nextgov   Next Story   × Get top federal technology stories and news alerts in your inbox. Sign up for Nextgov Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Military Federal Government State/Local Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Yes, Nextgov can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. Sign up View Privacy Policy Thank you. Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President GSA Department of Defense Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Judiciary Branch Office of the Secretary of Defense Department of Justice Department of Labor Legislative Branch NASA OMB OPM SSA Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury USPS Department of Veterans Affairs Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Higher Education K-12 Education Special District State Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Technology Management Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Sales & Marketing Other Phone number Zip code Submit View Privacy Policy Thank you for subscribing to newsletters from Nextgov.com. We think these reports might interest you: It’s Time for the Federal Government to Embrace Wireless and Mobility The United States has turned a corner on the adoption of mobile phones, tablets and other smart devices, outpacing traditional desktop and laptop sales by a wide margin. This issue brief discusses the state of wireless and mobility in federal government and outlines why now is the time to embrace these technologies in government. Download Featured Content from RSA Conference: Dissed by NIST Learn more about the latest draft of the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology guidance document on authentication and lifecycle management. Download A New Security Architecture for Federal Networks Federal government networks are under constant attack, and the number of those attacks is increasing. This issue brief discusses today's threats and a new model for the future. Download Going Agile:Revolutionizing Federal Digital Services Delivery Here’s one indication that times have changed: Harriet Tubman is going to be the next face of the twenty dollar bill. Another sign of change? The way in which the federal government arrived at that decision. Download Software-Defined Networking So many demands are being placed on federal information technology networks, which must handle vast amounts of data, accommodate voice and video, and cope with a multitude of highly connected devices while keeping government information secure from cyber threats. This issue brief discusses the state of SDN in the federal government and the path forward. Download The New IP: Moving Government Agencies Toward the Network of The Future Federal IT managers are looking to modernize legacy network infrastructures that are taxed by growing demands from mobile devices, video, vast amounts of data, and more. This issue brief discusses the federal government network landscape, as well as market, financial force drivers for network modernization. Download When you download a report, your information may be shared with the underwriters of that document. Finished Privacy Policy
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Mariners Gonzaga basketball Know Spokane The Spokane Falls Fairchild at 75 Coming to America Why all parents should care about kids and gender Mon., April 10, 2017, midnight (Mike Miner / Chicago Tribune) By Julie Scagell Special to The Washington Post Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS “Can I whisper something in your ear?” my son asked, sidling up to me on the couch one morning the week before his fifth birthday. He smelled sweet of sweat and pancake syrup. “Of course you can. Talk to me,” I said. “I’m wondering if I can ask for Shopkins for my birthday. I want them but they are for girls,” he said with a hush. I sat stunned. Gender is not something we often consider when making decisions in our household. Both of my sons have enjoyed getting their nails done with me, and I happily oblige. My daughter had little interest in dolls or dresses, preferring her younger brother’s hockey jersey as acceptable school-picture attire until middle school, when hormones took hold and makeup became the norm. But somewhere at school, my youngest came to believe Shopkins were meant for girls. We’ve seen the outrageous ways marketers pitch pink anything to women (pens, hammers), while candy comes in “adventurous” flavors for boys and “enchanted” flavors for girls. There are pink clothes hangers for girls and blue for boys, and even cowgirl toy guns in, of course, pink. While toy manufacturers continue to brand toys specifically based on gender, big names such as Target, Walmart and Toys R Us have stopped labeling aisles specifically “boy” or “girl.” “So what’s the harm?” you might ask. National Geographic’s January issue, titled “Gender Revolution,” explored the science and research behind gender and its history, expression, evolution and impact on society. According to Natasha Daly, author of the National Geographic article “How Today’s Toys May Be Harming Your Daughter,” the various researchers she interviewed believe that “anytime play is restricted or one gender is not exposed to certain toys, there are bound to be consequences. Research already shows girls’ play is negatively impacted in the areas of spatial reasoning and problem-solving because they are not encouraged to build or construct. We know, for instance, that girls’ puzzles are made with fewer pieces.” She also learned through her discussions that, “toys can impact comfort level. For instance, Legos are equated with construction, dolls with nurturing. When kids aren’t given a chance to develop these skills through play, it can have an impact later in life.” Play is central to the development of critical thinking early in life. How we play, and the toys we play with, can affect a child’s future profession. Some researchers even say this is why we do not see as many women pursue science, technology, engineering and math careers. “If parents understand the importance of exposing boys and girls to different types of toys, they can make informed decisions based on that information rather than what is being marketed to them based on their child’s gender,” Daly said. The gender bias extends far beyond the toy aisle. I took my oldest to a babysitting class last summer to become an official, CPR-certified child-watching tween. Of the 16 people in her class, one was male. Another friend told me his 16-year-old son’s Advanced Placement computer-science class is 16 boys to one girl. Is this a result of parents not offering options or a genuine lack of interest? What impact might this have on stay-at-home fathers, a role typically filled by women in past generations? According to the Pew Research Center, the ranks of stay-at-home and single fathers have grown significantly in recent decades. As of 2012, 16 percent of U.S. fathers with children in their household were not working outside the home – that’s roughly 2 million dads. Of those, 21 percent reported that they were home to provide care for their family, up from 5 percent in 1989. With women today getting the majority of college degrees in the United States, that trend is likely to continue upward. It is also remarkable to note that we don’t really have a word, a positive one anyway, for boys who play and act in a feminine manner, unless we tie it to sexuality. For girls, we use the term “tomboy.” But for boys who enjoy playing dress-up or with dolls or baking, the word is often “sissy” – or worse. There is a negative connotation associated with anything less than complete masculinity, even in adulthood. Remember the amount of grief Ben Stiller’s character got in “Meet the Fockers” for being a male nurse? And that is a laugh track in a movie. It speaks nothing to the fact that almost half of trans-identified people have attempted or died by suicide. Or that kids who are bullied for being different (often tied to sexual identity or gender) are two to nine times as likely to consider suicide than non-victims, according to studies by Yale University. In 2016, more transgender people were the victim of hate crimes in the United States than in any other year on record, according to the Human Rights Campaign. Those who say these kids should just live with the gender they were assigned at birth have never had to question theirs. While we are making strides to bridge the gap where gender is concerned – the first male CoverGirl, legislation centered on transgender people’s use of bathrooms, stores such as Target removing gender signage, publications such as National Geographic devoting entire issues to keeping these important conversations going – we still have a long way to go. Identity is important. Feeling as though you belong somewhere, and are not judged for it, means something. We proudly wear our favorite sports teams’ gear; we join the alumni groups of our alma maters. But belonging means something different for all of us. When we remove gender labels, we become a more inclusive society. Not just for transgender children. Or people who are bisexual or gay or gender non-binary. But for all of us. For girls such as my cousin, a neuroimmunologist finding a cure for multiple sclerosis. And also for my son, who will be getting Shopkins for his fifth birthday. Scagell is a writer and mother and has a master’s in psychology that has proved useless in trying to understand her preteen daughter. You can find her writing on Facebook at facebook.com/anothermotherblog or on Twitter @74amb. Published: April 10, 2017, midnight  Tags: family, gender, parenting Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » International » Market Report Bhushan Steel spurts on report of loan restructuring Apollo Tyres inflates after inaugurating Hungarian plant Business Standard US stocks end marginally lower Capital Market  April 10, 2017 Last Updated at 10:34 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUuSvD ALSO READ US stocks close marginally lower US stocks end 2016 on a lower note Australia Stocks end lower Australia Stocks end just a shade lower Dollar's post-Fed rally pauses, U.S. stocks end lower Investors digest weaker-than-expected March jobs data U.S. stocks closed fractionally lower on Friday, 07 April 2017 posting weekly losses after staggering through a choppy session as investors digested weaker-than-expected March jobs data and President Donald Trump's late Thursday airstrike against Syria. The Dow Jones Industrial Average finished down 6.85 points at 20,656.10. The Nasdaq Composite Index finished down 1.14 points at 5,877.81. The S&P 500 declined 1.95 points to close at 2,355.54, with six out of the index's 11 sectors finishing lower as utilities, consumer-discretionary, and financials led decliners. For the week, the Dow industrials declined less than 0.1%, while the S&P 500 shed 0.3% and the Nasdaq Composite Index fell 0.6%. Wal-Mart Stores and defense contractor Boeing led gainers, while DuPont and Walt Disney weighed on the average. Overnight, the U.S. Navy launched 59 Tomahawk missiles at the Shayrat base in Syria. The news of missile strikes weighed on equity futures, but a swift rebound took place in time for the release of the Employment Situation report for March. Latest employment report stated that the U.S. economy created just 98,000 new jobs in March, well below the 185,000 consensus figure that was forecast. The unemployment rate, however, fell to 4.5% from 4.7% as the number of people who found work outstripped the labor force. Bullion prices ended mixed at Comex on Friday, 07 April 2017 at Comex. Gold futures finished with gains on Friday, but ended well off a five-month high set earlier in the session, as strength in the U.S. dollar and a rebound in stocks cut into the rally that followed U.S. airstrikes on Syria. A much weaker-than-expected March jobs report had helped the yellow metal to extend gains, but the yellow metal pulled back later as the dollar rose. Gold for June delivery rose $4 or 0.3%, to end at $1,257.30 an ounce. For the week, gold advanced 0.5%, while May silver SIK7, gave up earlier gains to end at $18.151 an ounce, down 9.5 cents, or 0.5%. Silver booked a weekly decline of 0.5%. Oil futures ended at a one-month high on Friday, 07 April 2017 after a U.S. airstrike on Syria, though gains were capped by expectations risks to Middle East output would be limited. Crude held gains after data from oil-field services firm Baker Hughes showed U.S. producers added 10 oil rigs this week, bringing the total number to 672. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, light, sweet crude futures for delivery in May finished at $52.24 a barrel, a gain of 54 cents, or 1.04%. Oil had jumped 2.4% in electronic trade following the strikes. For the week, the U.S. benchmark rose 3.2%. June Brent crude on London's ICE Futures exchange rose 35 cents, or 0.6%, to close at $55.24 a barrel after briefly dipping into negative territory after U.S. jobs data. Brent rose 3.2% for the week. Treasuries spiked to highs immediately after the release of the jobs report, but reversed in short order and continued sliding into the close. The 2-yr yield (1.27%) and the 10-yr yield (2.37%) jumped three basis points apiece while the long bond resisted the pressure. The 30-yr yield increased one basis point to 3.00%. Investor participation was a bit below average as 935 million shares changed hands at the NYSE floor. Investors will not receive any economic data on Monday. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Us Stocks End Marginally Lower | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep US stocks end marginally lower Investors digest weaker-than-expected March jobs data Investors digest weaker-than-expected March jobs data U.S. stocks closed fractionally lower on Friday, 07 April 2017 posting weekly losses after staggering through a choppy session as investors digested weaker-than-expected March jobs data and President Donald Trump's late Thursday airstrike against Syria. The Dow Jones Industrial Average finished down 6.85 points at 20,656.10. The Nasdaq Composite Index finished down 1.14 points at 5,877.81. The S&P 500 declined 1.95 points to close at 2,355.54, with six out of the index's 11 sectors finishing lower as utilities, consumer-discretionary, and financials led decliners. For the week, the Dow industrials declined less than 0.1%, while the S&P 500 shed 0.3% and the Nasdaq Composite Index fell 0.6%. Wal-Mart Stores and defense contractor Boeing led gainers, while DuPont and Walt Disney weighed on the average. Overnight, the U.S. Navy launched 59 Tomahawk missiles at the Shayrat base in Syria. The news of missile strikes weighed on equity futures, but a swift rebound took place in time for the release of the Employment Situation report for March. Latest employment report stated that the U.S. economy created just 98,000 new jobs in March, well below the 185,000 consensus figure that was forecast. The unemployment rate, however, fell to 4.5% from 4.7% as the number of people who found work outstripped the labor force. Bullion prices ended mixed at Comex on Friday, 07 April 2017 at Comex. Gold futures finished with gains on Friday, but ended well off a five-month high set earlier in the session, as strength in the U.S. dollar and a rebound in stocks cut into the rally that followed U.S. airstrikes on Syria. A much weaker-than-expected March jobs report had helped the yellow metal to extend gains, but the yellow metal pulled back later as the dollar rose. Gold for June delivery rose $4 or 0.3%, to end at $1,257.30 an ounce. For the week, gold advanced 0.5%, while May silver SIK7, gave up earlier gains to end at $18.151 an ounce, down 9.5 cents, or 0.5%. Silver booked a weekly decline of 0.5%. Oil futures ended at a one-month high on Friday, 07 April 2017 after a U.S. airstrike on Syria, though gains were capped by expectations risks to Middle East output would be limited. Crude held gains after data from oil-field services firm Baker Hughes showed U.S. producers added 10 oil rigs this week, bringing the total number to 672. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, light, sweet crude futures for delivery in May finished at $52.24 a barrel, a gain of 54 cents, or 1.04%. Oil had jumped 2.4% in electronic trade following the strikes. For the week, the U.S. benchmark rose 3.2%. June Brent crude on London's ICE Futures exchange rose 35 cents, or 0.6%, to close at $55.24 a barrel after briefly dipping into negative territory after U.S. jobs data. Brent rose 3.2% for the week. Treasuries spiked to highs immediately after the release of the jobs report, but reversed in short order and continued sliding into the close. The 2-yr yield (1.27%) and the 10-yr yield (2.37%) jumped three basis points apiece while the long bond resisted the pressure. The 30-yr yield increased one basis point to 3.00%. Investor participation was a bit below average as 935 million shares changed hands at the NYSE floor. Investors will not receive any economic data on Monday. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 US stocks end marginally lower Investors digest weaker-than-expected March jobs data U.S. stocks closed fractionally lower on Friday, 07 April 2017 posting weekly losses after staggering through a choppy session as investors digested weaker-than-expected March jobs data and President Donald Trump's late Thursday airstrike against Syria. The Dow Jones Industrial Average finished down 6.85 points at 20,656.10. The Nasdaq Composite Index finished down 1.14 points at 5,877.81. The S&P 500 declined 1.95 points to close at 2,355.54, with six out of the index's 11 sectors finishing lower as utilities, consumer-discretionary, and financials led decliners. For the week, the Dow industrials declined less than 0.1%, while the S&P 500 shed 0.3% and the Nasdaq Composite Index fell 0.6%. Wal-Mart Stores and defense contractor Boeing led gainers, while DuPont and Walt Disney weighed on the average. Overnight, the U.S. Navy launched 59 Tomahawk missiles at the Shayrat base in Syria. The news of missile strikes weighed on equity futures, but a swift rebound took place in time for the release of the Employment Situation report for March. Latest employment report stated that the U.S. economy created just 98,000 new jobs in March, well below the 185,000 consensus figure that was forecast. The unemployment rate, however, fell to 4.5% from 4.7% as the number of people who found work outstripped the labor force. Bullion prices ended mixed at Comex on Friday, 07 April 2017 at Comex. Gold futures finished with gains on Friday, but ended well off a five-month high set earlier in the session, as strength in the U.S. dollar and a rebound in stocks cut into the rally that followed U.S. airstrikes on Syria. A much weaker-than-expected March jobs report had helped the yellow metal to extend gains, but the yellow metal pulled back later as the dollar rose. Gold for June delivery rose $4 or 0.3%, to end at $1,257.30 an ounce. For the week, gold advanced 0.5%, while May silver SIK7, gave up earlier gains to end at $18.151 an ounce, down 9.5 cents, or 0.5%. Silver booked a weekly decline of 0.5%. Oil futures ended at a one-month high on Friday, 07 April 2017 after a U.S. airstrike on Syria, though gains were capped by expectations risks to Middle East output would be limited. Crude held gains after data from oil-field services firm Baker Hughes showed U.S. producers added 10 oil rigs this week, bringing the total number to 672. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, light, sweet crude futures for delivery in May finished at $52.24 a barrel, a gain of 54 cents, or 1.04%. Oil had jumped 2.4% in electronic trade following the strikes. For the week, the U.S. benchmark rose 3.2%. June Brent crude on London's ICE Futures exchange rose 35 cents, or 0.6%, to close at $55.24 a barrel after briefly dipping into negative territory after U.S. jobs data. Brent rose 3.2% for the week. Treasuries spiked to highs immediately after the release of the jobs report, but reversed in short order and continued sliding into the close. The 2-yr yield (1.27%) and the 10-yr yield (2.37%) jumped three basis points apiece while the long bond resisted the pressure. The 30-yr yield increased one basis point to 3.00%. Investor participation was a bit below average as 935 million shares changed hands at the NYSE floor. Investors will not receive any economic data on Monday. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Tools Solano News Community News and Views US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds 7,878 123 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Lina Ruelas hugs a friend of her daughter, Isabel Perez, at her home in Suisun City, Saturday. Perez recently passed away due to cancer. She was 15-years-old. (Aaron Rosenblatt/Daily Republic) Local News Family, friends bid farewell to Suisun girl at candlelight vigil By Susan Hiland From page A1 | April 10, 2017 44SHARES ShareTweet 44 SHARES ShareTweet SUISUN CITY — As the sun set Sunday, about 30 friends and family members gathered at the home of Isabel Perez to bid farewell to the 15-year-old. Dressed in Warriors gear – Perez’s favorite team – and holding candles, the home was surrounded with love from those who knew her. She was diagnosed at 4 years old with a rare but serious condition known as myasthenia gravis. Her mother, Lina Ruelas-Selby, brought Isabel to the emergency room several times after the young girl would choke on air, turn blue and pass out. After years of struggles, both with the disease and doctors, the disease was in remission. Myasthenia gravis is a chronic autoimmune neuromuscular disease characterized by varying degrees of weakness of the skeletal (voluntary) muscles of the body. The name myasthenia gravis, which is Latin and Greek in origin, literally means “grave muscle weakness,” according to the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Strokes. “I just want people to know about this disease,” Ruelas-Selby said. “It’s so rare and no one knows about it.” They would go days and months without any attack. “We never knew when it was going to happen,” she said. Ruelas-Selby gave up her job to be with her daughter full time. The lack of income has put a considerable strain on the family. She and her husband, who works at Walmart, have started a GoFundMe account to help pay for the funeral expenses. “The candlelight vigil is for her classmates,” she said. “They are really struggling with this.” Crystal Middle School in Suisun City has brought in counselors to help students deal with the grief. For many this is their first experience with a death of a friend. “Teachers put fliers up and announcements went out over the intercom,” said Ariana Davis, 13, a classmate of Perez. “I was, like, ‘No, she can’t be dead.’ ” Perez’s friends sat at the kitchen counter at her mom’s house in the days before the vigil. Her friends have stopped in after school and stayed for hours since the news went out about Perez’s death on April 4. Some sat with cellphones in hand, others talking softly and others giving a quick hug and delivering a candle, cards or food and then leaving. “It’s been overwhelming,” said Ruelas-Selby. “Her boyfriend came and her friends and they just stayed all day. It was late so I said they should just stay the night.” “Isabel’s been Snapchatting since seventh grade,” said friend Rosie Lavelle, 14, a student at Crystal Middle School. “Most of the pictures are on her timeline.” Perez’s family hopes to gain access to her cellphone to download the pictures, videos and memories but it’s locked and Apple will not open a cellphone for anyone. “The Snapchat pictures are ones I’d like to keep,” said Alicia Ruelas, Perez’s sister. Lavelle and Davis shared memories of a birthday party where Perez started dancing, none of them knew that she was sick. She didn’t bring it up much with anyone. “She was a big Warriors fan, she loved Suicide Squad’s Harley Quinn,” said Davis. “She told me once she was sick but I never saw her have an episode.” Crystal Middle School students plan to hold a car wash next weekend, it’s just a matter of pulling everything together. Ruelas, who works at Wells Fargo, opened an account for donations. Her boss donated money, then more co-workers followed. Ruelas-Selby knew that most of the kids would not be able to attend the funeral so the candlelight vigil would give them a chance to say goodbye. “This was for them,” she said. Donations can be made to Isabel Perez Memorial Fund account at Wells Fargo, account number 7676167609, or to www.gofundme.com/help-us-send-isabel-off-to-heaven. Reach Susan Hiland at 427-6981 or [email protected] Lina Ruelas hugs a friend of her daughter, Isabel Perez, at her home in Suisun City, Saturday. Perez recently passed away due to cancer. She was 15-years-old. (Aaron Rosenblatt/Daily Republic) People get together and celebrate the life and remember the memory of Isabel Perez who passed from myasthenia gravis a rare disease which causes a breakdown in communication between nerves and muscles. Suisun City,Sunday. (Josh Redsun/Daily Republic) Isabel’s parents talk to the people about Isabel’s life came to get together and celebrate the life and remember the memory of Isabel Perez who passed from myasthenia gravis. Isabel enjoyed using social media and being on her phone. Suisun City,Sunday. (Josh Redsun/Daily Republic) People get together and wear their Warriors shirts, Isabel’s favorite basketball team to celebrate the life and remember the memory of Isabel Perez who passed from myasthenia gravis, a rare disease which causes a breakdown in communication between nerves and muscles. Suisun City, Sunday. (Josh Redsun/Daily Republic) 44 SHARES ShareTweet Susan Hiland Susan graduated from Southern Oregon University in Ashland, Oregon with a B.A. in Communications. She has eight years experience working for newspapers in Nebraska. Story Archive Leave a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name (required) Email* (will not be published)(required) Website* Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Discussion | 1 comment The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. See you in the next life...!!April 10, 2017 - 8:13 am Very sorry for the family's suffering and the loss of a young, bright light in the world.Reply Report abusive comment Search Recent Articles Solano County selling computer goods at discount prices Latest installment of ‘Fast and Furious’ hits theaters Friday Jazz end Warriors’ 14-game win streak with 105-99 victory Clippers rout Rockets 125-96, tied with Utah for 4th seed Rizzo and Cubs raise banner, beat Dodgers 3-2 in home opener Sweep nets 59 abandoned shopping carts in Fairfield Solano jurors convict Suisun City man for sexual assaults on young girls Grand jury indicts 6 in scheme federal prosecutors say targeted Solano wind farm Wil Myers hits for cycle as Padres beat Rockies 5-3 Dixon chapter among Ducks Unlimited’s elite in 2016 Fairfield fashion show raises money for Benioff Children’s Hospital Police: Traffic stop yields stolen items from Vacaville, Vallejo Police: Armed robber takes cash, cigarettes from Suisun store Fairfield police log: April 9, 2017 Suisun City police log: April 9, 2017 49ers’ Shanahan wants players to dictate improved culture Distracted driving having deadly impact on teens, adults 3 generations at Andrews Park get early start to Passover celebrations Travis missions grounded in being airborne State recognizes Fairfield-Suisun School District’s attendance program Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service American Home Week 2017 Home Seller 04-08-2017 Stars and Stripes 4/6/17 Coupons and More 04-02-2017 Home Seller 04-01-2017 Discover Solano Spring/Summer 2017 Stars and Stripes 03-30-2017 Women Making a Difference 2017 Coupons and More: March 2017 Readers’ Choice 2017 Congratulations Team Travis: February 2017 Wedding Countdown: February 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Report Faults Wells Fargo's Law Department in Sham-Accounts Scandal C. Ryan Barber The National Law Journal CONTINUE Gorsuch Sworn In at Supreme Court and White House Ceremonies Tony Mauro The National Law Journal Harry Reid Takes Fellowship at UNLV Law School Karen Sloan Law.Com What’s Next in Legal Tech? A Podcast From Stanford’s FutureLaw Ben Hancock After 20 Years as Fugitive, Ex-Hunton Partner Arrested in Florida Brian Baxter The AmLaw Daily Billing and Fees: The Trends, the Feuds and the Future › In-Depth Analysis With Hourly Rates Rising, Report Shows Spotty Record for GC's Cost-Constraint Tactics By Roy Strom|The AmLaw Daily In-Depth Analysis Ailing Energy Industry Still Pumping Bankruptcy Fees Into Big Law Expert Opinion 5 Fundamentals of Collecting Fees News Dallas' Increase in Lawyer Billing Rates Among Highest in Country Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS What Labor Lawyers Are Saying About Wave of Millennial Unionization Todd Cunningham Corporate Counsel For Some Big Firms, It's Still All About That IPO Equity Rebecca Cohen The Recorder Women Plaintiffs Lawyers Fight to End MDL 'Boys Club' Meredith Hobbs Daily Report New York's High-Flying Firms Hit New Heights in Profits, Revenue Christine Simmons and Lizzy McLellan The American Lawyer Top 3 Reasons for Associate Attrition and 3 Ways to Combat It Haley Altman Legal Tech News In Complex Cases, Some Judges Geek Out Ross Todd The Recorder How a Miami Law Firm Plans to Recover Billions for Medicare Celia Ampel Daily Business Review Popular     Gorsuch Sworn In at Supreme Court and White House Ceremonies UPS Lawyer, Former Big Law Associate Killed in Atlanta Shooting Top 3 Reasons for Associate Attrition and 3 Ways to Combat It New York's High-Flying Firms Hit New Heights in Profits, Revenue After 20 Years as Fugitive, Ex-Hunton Partner Arrested in Florida PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Kimberly Rice Structuring and Managing Practice Groups Joel A. Rose Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Anand Agneshwar MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS Apologising: defamation and beyond Reputation, both personal and business, has always been everything, but no more so than in today's social media savvy world. Download High Court dismisses application to remove arbitrators The English Commercial Court has published two recent judgments of Mr Justice Popplewell in a single anonymised case concerning the removal of two arbitrators under section 24(1)(d)(i) of the Arbitration Act 1996. Download Financial Regulatory Agenda for 2017 and onwards DLA Piper brings you the Financial Regulatory Agenda for 2017 and onwards in the Netherlands and in Europe. Download Federal Trade Commission considers the implications of AI and blockchain technologies The U.S. Federal Trade Commission recently held a FinTech Forum that focused on artificial intelligence and blockchain technologies. Download US environmental regulations to Face rollbacks, but reform likely to be tempered by legal barriers Since assuming office in January, President Donald Trump – with the support of Congress – has stated his intention to roll back “burdensome” U.S. environmental regulations. Download Patent venue: a significant shift may be coming This year in TC Heartland v. Kraft Foods, the Supreme Court is poised to decide a patent venue lawsuit that could dramatically alter the landscape of US patent litigation. Download US Supreme Court: single-sticker pricing may be protected speech under First Amendment A unanimous US Supreme Court has ruled that the First Amendment applies to New York’s law regulating credit card surcharge fees, in Expressions Hair Design v. Schneiderman, No. 15-1391. Download Fiduciary rule delayed by 60 days On April 4, 2017, less than a week before the scheduled applicability date, the Department of Labor announced a 60-day extension of its fiduciary guidance published April 8, 2016. Download UK government pushed to impose a corporate duty to prevent human rights abuse The UK Parliament’s Joint Committee on Human Rights has urged the Government to introduce new legislation and to take stronger enforcement action to prevent business-related human rights abuses. Download Cross-border litigation – international perspectives Herbert Smith Freehills has published the first issue of a new periodic publication, designed to highlight legal and practical issues specific to litigation with an international aspect. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Structuring and Managing Practice Groups The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
GoSearch KPLR11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us kplr11.com Menu News Pulse of St. Louis Interviews Links Watch the CW Contests Weather 57° 57° Low 60° High 75° Tue 49° 66° Wed 46° 73° Thu 54° 74° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Bat reportedly found in packaged Fresh Express salad mix Posted 10:48 pm, April 9, 2017, by CNN Wires, Updated at 10:47PM, April 9, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Bat reportedly found in packaged Fresh Express salad mix Two people were recommended for post-exposure rabies treatment after a consumer in Florida reported finding a dead bat in a packaged salad mix, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Saturday. The bat was sent to the CDC after it was found in a bag of Fresh Express Organic Marketside Spring Mix. “The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies,” the Atlanta-based agency said. The CDC said the risk of rabies transmission was extremely low but not zero, so the two people who ate salad mix were recommended for treatment as a precaution. They are fine and show no signs of having rabies, the CDC said. Fresh Express has recalled packages of the salad mix that were sold at Walmarts in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Virginia. The affected product has the production code G089B19 and best-if-used-by date of Apr 14, 2017 on the front label, and UPC code 6 8113132897 5 on the bottom of the container. “Upon receiving notification, both Walmart and Fresh Express food safety and rapid response teams, in close coordination with regulatory authorities, acted immediately to review all relevant records, launch an intensive investigation and initiate product removal and recall procedures,” Fresh Express said. There have been no other reports of animal matter. The Florida Department of Health, US Food and Drug Administration and CDC are part of the investigation into the dead bat. By Steve Almasy 27.664827 -81.515754 Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Watch KPLR right now! Watch our newscasts from the comfort of your phone or computer 24/7. Popular Man pulled from car that crashed into River Des Peres Students sick at middle school in Rockwood District, police investigating Fort Zumwalt choir teacher facing sodomy charges 11-year-old hangs himself after girlfriend fakes suicide in alleged ‘prank’ Latest News Potholes lead apartment complex resident to find out who owns the road Kinloch firefighters walk off the job amid concerns over district leadership Transgender bathroom battle brews at Washington High School Illinois police agencies worried over proposed change in drug forfeiture law News Mumps case found in Alton elementary school student News 1 in 10 Zika-infected US moms have babies with birth defects, CDC reports News Some birth defects 20 times more likely for moms with Zika, CDC says News 95 dolphins stranded off South Florida coast News What we know about Syria’s chemical weapons News Residents near Cliff Cave Park not pleased with new construction project News Deformed dog Picasso’s blue period is in the past News US salmon may carry Japanese tapeworm, scientists say News ‘Parents’ worst nightmare’: Man accused of serial child rape kept ‘perverse shrine’ News St. Louis Jewish Community centers evacuated for bomb threat News Tornado deaths over weekend exceed 2016 toll News Wells Fargo claws back $75 million from former CEO and top exec News Looking for a boost, Trump goes back to what he loves: Campaign rallies Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • • Copyright © 2017, KPLR • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Vudu Disc-to-Digital goes mobile: scan your DVD collection and convert it to digital for a fee [Updated] Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/03/23 6:12am PDTMar 23, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 93 Share on Facebook 36 Share on Twitter Total Shares143 Applications News Update 1: 2017/03/23 4:23pm PDT The app changelog is now up: WHAT'S NEW **Introducing Mobile Disc to Digital – Convert from your phone!** Use your mobile device to convert your Blu-ray and DVD discs into Vudu has offered a Disc-to-Digital service for a while for those who wanted to convert their physical DVD and Blu-Ray movie collection to digital. However, the service either required you to pop into a Walmart with all of your discs in hand or download the app on your computer and insert discs one by one to verify that you own them. Now, the option is available on mobile. Through an update to the Vudu app, which doesn't seem to be live yet, Vudu users will be able to scan the barcode off their DVDs and Blu-Rays and let the app offer them the digital version in return. There are a couple of catches though plus a fee to pay. First, the service only has about 8000 movies in the catalogue now, so you may run into one or many that aren't yet supported. For example, Disney's movies aren't available, but you shouldn't have problems with Lionsgate, Paramount, Sony Pictures, 20th Century Fox, Universal Pictures, or Warner Bros. Second, you have to physically be at your billing location because the app will request a GPS verification to make sure you're at home scanning your own collection and not strolling through a store and scanning everything on the shelves. Third, there's a limit of 100 titles per year per account, which seems like a reasonable way to avoid potential abuse from those who manage to get around the location limitation. As for the price, it costs $2 to convert a DVD to SD or a Blu-Ray to HD, but $5 to upgrade a DVD to HD. One complimentary conversion will be offered for Vudu users to try out the service. If neither the catches or prices turned you off, the feature should go live today so keep your eye on an update to the Vudu app if you're interested. Update 1: 2017/03/23 4:23pm PDT The app changelog is now up: WHAT'S NEW **Introducing Mobile Disc to Digital – Convert from your phone!** Use your mobile device to convert your Blu-ray and DVD discs into digital movies! Upgrade your app and convert your collection today! • It’s easy! Scan the UPC, convert with a click, and watch anytime, anywhere • Conversions start at just $2; watch instantly • Access your movies on any Vudu compatible device Don’t have your UPC? Try Vudu To Go on your computer or laptop and convert with your disc. Learn more at vudu.com/disc End of Update Download: Vudu Movies & TV (Play Store) Press Release Movie Lovers, Rejoice: Walmart’s Vudu Launches First Mobile Service that Transforms DVDs and Blu-rays into a Digital Collection Vudu’s Mobile Disc-to-Digital is Available Starting Today for Nearly 8,000 Movies March 23, 2017 12:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Vudu, Walmart’s subscription-free, premium video streaming service, announced today the launch of the first mobile offering to convert DVDs and Blu-rays into digital libraries, right from a customer’s phone. Available beginning today, March 23, at 12:00 a.m. EDT, Mobile Disc-to-Digital turns DVDs and Blu-rays into digital movies* with a simple scan through the Vudu app. These movies can then be viewed on hundreds of Vudu-enabled devices including televisions, Blu-ray disc players, gaming consoles, streaming players and through the Vudu app on phones and tablets. Over the past several years, Vudu has seen increased demand for its offerings that bridge physical and digital entertainment, including its in-home Disc-to-Digital service and InstaWatch, which automatically sends customers a digital copy of eligible DVDs or Blu-ray discs purchased at Walmart stores and on Walmart.com. “The average movie collector owns nearly 100 DVDs and Blu-rays.** We know these customers have invested a lot into building their physical movie collections,” said Jeremy Verba, general manager, Vudu. “As more and more customers create digital libraries, we are constantly looking for ways to help them unlock additional value from the movies they already own.” Mobile Disc-to-Digital works on iPhones and Android devices and is available for nearly 8,000 movies from Lionsgate, Paramount Home Media Distribution, Sony Pictures Home Entertainment, Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment, Universal Pictures Home Entertainment and Warner Bros. Home Entertainment. Additional titles will be added in the coming months. Movie fans can convert a DVD to SD or a Blu-ray disc to HDX for $2. To upgrade DVDs to HDX, it will cost $5 per title. All Vudu users will receive one complimentary first-time mobile conversion. Mobile Disc-to-Digital conversions must take place at a customer’s home / billing address. Mobile Disc-to-Digital works in three easy steps: 1. Scan – Navigate to Disc-to-Digital in the Vudu app and scan the barcode on the physical disc case. 2. Convert – Choose SD or HDX. Submit one title or scan all of your movies before submitting. 3. Watch – Watch your movies on any Vudu-enabled device. “Like Walmart, at Vudu we’re always striving to save our customers time and money,” added Verba. “Our Mobile Disc-to-Digital service is a key part of Vudu’s broader effort to make digital entertainment access simple and convenient.” For more information on Vudu, visit www.Vudu.com. *Customers need a free UltraViolet account in order to use Mobile Disc-to-Digital **Fox Media & Tech Tracker - 2016 About Vudu With more than 100,000 titles that can be watched on movie lovers’ favorite devices, Vudu gives users anytime, anywhere access to favorite movies and television shows. At home or on the go, online or offline, Vudu delivers a premium entertainment experience with the latest in digital video and entertainment technology, including 4K Ultra High Definition, Dolby Vision HDR and Dolby Atmos Cinema Sound. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Tags blu-ray to digital convert dvds to digital disc-to-digital vudu walmart subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Arlo Q 2-pack of 1080p cameras available for $260 on Amazon ($90 off) ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Get a Sony Xperia XZ for $430 ($220 off) with a U.S. warranty from eBay Trending 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 308 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 Comments FernandoRocker What prevent us to just generate the barcodes and scan them from the computer's screen? Justin W Same thing that prevents you from walking into a store and scanning an on-the-shelf DVD you haven't purchased: nothing. F4LL0U7 The GPS feature prevents you from doing it at the store, but you could take a photo at the store and then do it at home. I don't really care enough to go through that hassle, but I'll definitely do the one complimentary conversion to try out the service. Impulse_Vigil I'm curious what does the location feature check for... Cause my billing address is a P.O. box a couple miles from my house. Zorn85 ...well presumably it will check to see if you are at the billing address, which you wouldn't be if it's a PO Box. They may not even accept PO Boxes as billing addresses for that very reason. Impulse_Vigil Vudu does, at least in general, it might error out for the purpose of this service tho. Hasn't gone live so can't very well try it and find out... Gregory What's a billing address? Brett What's a horse shoe? What does a horse shoe do? Are there any horse socks? Is anybody listening to me? Gregory You might be joking, but I genuinely have no idea what a billing address is. Internet search reveals that it's "an address to which you receive your credit card statement", but I've never seen a "credit card statement" in my life either... Matt Do you know what a shipping address is? Demitrius Harris Everybody knows that... clearly, a shipping address is a speech given to an audience of ships. Clearly. My1 well putting credit cards aside, you probably have to register with an address in case any bills or whatever may arrive, and the app will check whether you are at your registered address. F4LL0U7 Everybody my age pees their pants, it's the coolest disqus_Xz3y8OiO3O The address your credit card is registered on. tehboogieman UPCs for DVDs and Blurays are easily available online just like almost any movie that's on this list, Don't even need to go anywhere. I guess it's a way for pirates to launder their movies, but hardly seems worth it to pay for something a person is willing to "steal" Justin W Ah, missed that part of the article. Still, it's quite stupid to assume this would stop anyone from trying to get discount movies, as others have mentioned UPCs are available pretty much universally online. Impulse_Vigil You still need to pay per disc, so I imagine between the 100 movie cap and the cost they've crunched the numbers on possible losses... If you're going to all these trouble you'd probably just pirate it thru p2p anyway. Demitrius Harris Some people rather not steal, no matter the cost or savings. Impulse_Vigil You're misinterpreting my comment, I never justified stealing or pirating... Shoot I commented I'd be trying this out, I *still* buy BDs and even CDs. What I'm saying is that the companies behind this are aware there'll be a certain amount of people trying to game the system and they probably already crunched the numbers on potential losses... Plus they know that pirating a movie online is still much much easier, so they don't need to put so many safeguards on this system... Not that many people are gonna go around scanning barcodes with pretend addresses in order to steal online copies of a movie. Demitrius Harris Thank you for clarifying and yes, I misunderstood what you meant. HeyRadar Honestly, $2 (or $5.00) is a fair price for a media-less video anyway. Why digital and physical copies stayed the same price, was just price fixing. My1 I would agree if this is offline and without annoyances, but I have experienced too much of the bullshit happening there to believe that that would happen. Quint’s Sharking & Seashells Or you could just do it yourself at home using Handbrake. FernandoRocker But you could theoretically stream the Vudu movies from anywhere, not just locally. Impulse_Vigil Yeah that's one advantage... Uploading a bunch of rips to a cloud account or streaming them from home is certainly possible but more of a hassle. slayer91790 Then that's were Plex comes into play. mog386 But with handbrake you can't get hd versions of your DVDs. With Vudu you can get the HDX copy for a bit more. Which is perfect if you have a giant DVD collection that you never got rid of... Like me. Matt But you can't take a picture of a dvd in a store and put the picture into Handbrake. Shagnscooby Headline probably shouldn't imply you can do your whole collection for free when you only get one. A bit click-batey. DEKKER Read again: "for a fee". marcusmarcus2 I hate how articles headlines are click-batey when I don't read them. How dare they. Reading is hard. /s SHunter Couldn't you jus go to the store and start scanning barcodes? Just price checking! /wink cajunflavoredbob Settings > Developer Options > Enable Mock Locations Yes. Yes you could. You could also do a Google Search at home for the DVD box art, which would get you the barcode at home. If they block mock locations, root users can move the mock location app to /system. However, for all this hassle of trying to game Vudu as a service, you could also download the films illegally and not be restricted to Vudu's service. Point is that there are always ways around the artificial road blocks set up by media companies. Illegal is illegal. Choose your poison. Nathan J Well, you're still paying $5 for HD or $2 for SD. The fact that you supposedly bought it on DVD doesn't really matter. I mean, does it really? You could have bought the disc used for however low. You could have borrowed it from a friend. The idea that they made money on the first sale of the DVD is beside the point. They're selling you access to a DRM-locked digital file for $5. It's not an unfair price for the consumer, and it's straight profit to the rightsholder. I don't think you can really cheat them, since you're paying either way. Unless it's the free copy, which I'm guessing Vudu pays for. But they're paying regardless, and they don't see a single rusty red cent of the DVD's initial sale, so it doesn't matter (much) to them. Or at least it shouldn't. Dan DeBartolo It's $2 for HD if you are scanning Blu Ray titles. $2/pop for 1080p titles that are viewable offline is pretty sweet. My1 you dont even need mock location, you also could just take a picture of the DVD with barcode and take a picture of that picture to scan the barcode, or you check google images. teh Jax Now I just need this to work on my HDDVD titles! jm9843 I did this in-store one time and they treated it like a DVD. So the 'conversion' to HD was a little more expensive ($5 instead of $2). teh Jax No shit?! That's pretty awesome! brararsh At first I read it as "Scan your DVD collection and convert it to digital for FREE". My Bad. :) Max Johnson Me too. Why the heck would I want to do it for a 'fee' when I can do it for free myself. enoch861 Well your first conversion is gratis. So there's that. Jeff Beck Keep in mind if you convert 10+ movies at a time you get a 50 percent discount, bringing the cost down to $1 a movie or 2.50 for an HD upgrade if you are using a DVD copy. I converted all the titles I could from my own library a couple years ago. I love not having to use discs anymore and my collection is available almost anywhere through VUDU. marcusmarcus2 Nice catch. Robert Preston It appears they sadly ended that promotion, finally. Josh The standard (long standing) 50% off for converting 10 titles at a time has now expired. Now, newcomers to D2D who use the mobile app to convert titles, get 50% off of 10 for their first conversion only. Previous users get 100% off their first mobile conversion, for a single title. Chris Griffin "Ok." - Plex users mjholtzem So it looks like this service is backed by UltraViolet, so that means discs that you convert with this service should be available on other UltraViolet clients such as Flixter right? enoch861 I believe so. But don't quote me on that. mjholtzem Any clue how that might work with "hdx" titles? enoch861 On other services it'll show up as HD since Vudu is the only one that has "HDX". As far as I can tell any Blu-Ray is redeemed as an HDX title. All my Blu-Rays I've redeemed (with the UV code) show up as HDX. mjholtzem If that's true this is actually pretty compelling Josh Yes, about UltraViolet and Flixster Video. Richard Branches Wish we could have this in other countries, I remember Vudu was planning to go internationally starting with Mexico but it didn't work out, which is sad 😞... Josh When I travelled, I was able to get it working with a VPN connection. Also Hola Unblocker worked in Chrome. Leonardo Baez Limitation of 100 titles per year.... But I have a 450 titles collection. (Dvds plus blurays) Jeff718 Pay again to have access anywhere without carrying around a DVD player. Nathan J Anywhere? So you can download the files for offline use and watch on an airplane? Or anywhere you have unmetered broadband access? Because there is a pretty big difference there. Not trying to be snarky here. I am unfamiliar with the Vudu service. I do have a couple movies up there. Since I started buying Blu-rays, a couple of them have had the digital HD option. (Pro tip, never do Google. They only offer SD copies. Found that out the hard way with Independence Day. Digital HD copy? Google is an option? Oh, Google only offers it in SD? And I can't change my mind and use Vudu instead? Well that sucks!) ProvoAggie They do allow offline playback. You can download them using the app on your tablet, phone or PC. Dan DeBartolo You absolutely can do offline playback. I download a bunch to my iPad Vudu app before hitting the road. The Ultraviolet linkage also means titles share between platforms like Flixster video, and it's Disney Movies Anywhere friendly. When the 50% for 10 or more titles was active I converted my entire DVD collection to HD digital at $2.50/pop. Some of the remastered prints are a pretty penny on their own, and to get some classics in HD was well worth it. The old SD DVDs age with time. It was a no brained for me. br_hermon I doubt it but... does VUDU allow you to download the files locally so you can store them and play them via VLC, Kodi, etc? Is there DRM? or is it proprietary, and you can only view them on VUDU's servers (streaming)? Japzone It's just like all the other VOD services like iTunes, Google Play, etc. You stream from them, and they have a few apps that support offline playback. Plenty of DRM layered on as required by Hollywood. Jeff718 I toss my cases and put my discs in a binder. Am I screwed if I want to use this service? HeyRadar You may not be able to use the smartphone app, but you can still use the service using a PC, or taking your discs to Walmart. Course, you could probably find the UPC on the internet. Josh Note that the in-store Walmart conversion service ends on April 1. Mr. Robot Sounds like there's no conversion involved. This company just sells you those movies in digital form for a lower price because you already own the physical discs. But the article misses some important information, f.e. what format you get and if there's DRM or not. I bet there is. Japzone It doesn't miss anything. This is clearly about Vudu, a popular VOD Streaming service owned by Walmart. Everything is streamed and DRM protected, with some apps that support offline playback. Just like every other VOD Streaming service out there that deals with Hollywood content. Mr. Robot Sorry, not everybody who reads AP is from the US. I have never before heard of this service and as I said, the word "conversion" is a bit misleading IMO. And even after your answer I still don't know the format. Is it h264, hevc, VP9? Japzone There is no user accessible format. The content is accessed like Netflix. You stream using their website or apps, and the apps have a DRM protected offline function so you can store videos offline for a flight or trip. The user never gets direct access to the files. Sorian >400 dvds and blu-rays.... yeah... that's expensive for now. RyanT I'd say about half of my collection came with digital copies, would be nice to eventually have the other half digital as well, not to mention upgrading those awful old DVDs. Motoinsistor It's live now, just showed up for me in settings pfmiller Doesn't work for me. Tried my free conversion and it app just "captures" your UPC before you even have a chance to line up the barcode. Even if you manage to get the barcode lined up in time it always reports that it can't find the UPC. Michael Scapp I tried this today, and I got an error message every time. Still buggy, hoping it gets better with updates. My1 is this thing US only? would be great to convert my anime collection over. but probably the digital version is either online only and/or riddled with DRM Skeeter P I added some the first night. Now I tried to add more and it keeps saying location has to be same as billing address. It won't work. I didn't move from night before?? Powered phone off. restarted. checked location Button nothing helps. Any ideas? Max Miller http://www.upcitemdb.com You're welcome... Follow Android Police 1.5M 464k 142k 105k Latest Deals 34 [Update: Added some more] Deal Alert: Here are some more temporarily free apps and games for your Sunday 2017/04/09 3:05pm PDTApr 9, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] Get the LG Watch Urbane 2nd Gen LTE for $179.99 ($220 off) on eBay 2017/04/08 7:15pm PDTApr 8, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] 4-pack Type C to MicroUSB adapters $4.95 at Amazon w/Slickdeals code ($3 off MSRP) 2017/04/07 1:02pm PDTApr 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] JBL Flip 3 on sale at $64 ($36 off MSRP) as an Amazon Gold Box daily deal 2017/04/07 12:12pm PDTApr 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Snag an Arlo Pro 3-pack from Amazon for $500 ($80 off) 2017/04/06 7:07pm PDTApr 6, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 131 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 42 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 16 Huawei P10 review: The start of something promising 2017/03/31 9:05am PDTMar 31, 2017 231 Galaxy S8 and S8+ hands-on: Betting big on big 2017/03/29 8:04am PDTMar 29, 2017 Latest Roundups 11 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 3 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 25 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 6 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 13 10 new and notable Android apps from the last 2 weeks (3/14/17 - 3/27/17) 2017/03/27 2:04pm PDTMar 27, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 42 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 11 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 59 Android O feature spotlight: Apps can no longer draw on top of system UI 2017/04/10 1:54pm PDTApr 10, 2017 24 High priority notifications in Inbox going live for some users 2017/04/10 12:59pm PDTApr 10, 2017 15 Microsoft announces Minecraft Marketplace to sell community content inside the game 2017/04/10 10:22am PDTApr 10, 2017 Blast from the Past 94 1 Year Ago Today Google Announces Voice Access Beta—Control Your Phone Completely By Voice 2016/04/11 12:26pm PDTApr 11, 2016 4 3 Years Ago Today Friday App And Game Sales: Contre Jour, Per-App Modes, Draw Race 2, And More 2014/04/11 2:03pm PDTApr 11, 2014 33 4 Years Ago Today [New App] Chainfire's Hotspot Control Harnesses The Latent Power Of Your Device's Tethering Menu 2013/04/11 7:09pm PDTApr 11, 2013 26 5 Years Ago Today SEGA's Football Manager Handheld 2012 – Manage Real Players From Training To Matchday 2012/04/11 7:51pm PDTApr 11, 2012 3 6 Years Ago Today Sprint Motorola XOOM With WiMAX 4G Now Imminent 2011/04/11 5:44pm PDTApr 11, 2011 5 7 Years Ago Today Editorial: Palm, Inc Now For Sale. Will HTC Buy Palm For Patents, To Port Pre To Android, Or Both? 2010/04/11 11:40pm PDTApr 11, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 47 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 299 Stuck Pixel: How Google is dropping the ball with its "consumer" phone strategy (opinion) 2017/04/10 12:08pm PDTApr 10, 2017 38 Google Home app says multiple users are now supported 2017/04/10 1:01am PDTApr 10, 2017 60 Android O feature spotlight: Apps can no longer draw on top of system UI 2017/04/10 1:54pm PDTApr 10, 2017 82 [Update: Confirmed, G5, V20, and Nexus 5X added] Attorneys behind LG bootloop lawsuit seek to add more phones to claim 2017/04/10 12:40pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 7 Days 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 47 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 144 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 129 OnePlus is silent about Nougat for the OnePlus 2 and OnePlus X, and owners are pissed 2017/04/07 10:51am PDTApr 7, 2017 299 Stuck Pixel: How Google is dropping the ball with its "consumer" phone strategy (opinion) 2017/04/10 12:08pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 308 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 36 Google rolling out a new look for sign-in, deprecating old methods 2017/04/07 8:30am PDTApr 7, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 109 queries | 0.622s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us FOOD & DRINK Dead bat found inside salad sold at Walmart, recall issued Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7.com/video/embed/?pid=1854445" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A dead bat was found in a salad mix package in Florida. WPVI Sunday, April 09, 2017 09:57PM A recall has been issued for a packaged salad after a dead bat was found inside a container. Fresh Express issued a recall for a limited number of cases of Organic Marketside Spring Mix sold at Walmart. The recall was issued after a dead bat was found in a package of salad purchased in Florida. Officials said two people ate the salad before the bat was found in the package. They have been tested for rabies. Recalled Product Details: - Organic Marketside Spring Mix - 5 oz. clear container - Production Code of G089B19 and best-if-used-by date of APR 14 2017, located on the top label - UPC Code of 6 8113132897 5 located on the bottom of the container next to the bar code The company said the salads were sold mainly in southern states. Fresh Express said consumers who may have already purchased the recalled product should discard and not consume it. A full refund is available where purchased or by calling the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center toll-free at (800) 242-5472 during the hours of 5 a.m. and 4 p.m. Related Topics: foodconsumerrecallu.s. & worldsaladfoodwalmartFlorida Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WPVI-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. FOOD & DRINK Hello Kitty Mini Cafe opens Friday at Westfield Santa Anita Man dies attempting Voodoo Doughnut eating challenge 'Tomatomania' offers tips, tricks to growing varieties of tomatoes World's strongest coffee now for sale in U.S. More Food & Drink Top Stories San Bernardino school shooting: 2 adults, 1 student killed Meteor spotted streaking across SoCal skies Kids, parents embrace in emotional reunions after school shooting Ontario police shoot, kill man armed with shotgun at Stater Bros store Kings fire coach, GM; promote Robitaille to president, Blake to GM PHOTOS: San Bernardino elementary school shooting Driver who struck 6, killed 2 women in Chino church parking lot ID'd Show More San Bernardino shooting: How adults, children can cope w/ trauma Mexico's Consul General in LA addresses upcoming NAFTA talks Neil Gorsuch sworn in as Supreme Court justice VIDEO: Man's lip busted while dragged off overbooked United flight Suspect flees after stolen car chase ends in crash in Pasadena More News Top Video San Bernardino school shooting: 2 adults, 1 student killed Kids, parents embrace in emotional reunions after school shooting Meteor spotted streaking across SoCal skies VIDEO: Aspiring rapper tackled by deer in Canada More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit World Like Follow Follow This dead bat in a salad mix is your food safety nightmare come true 1.5k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Sweet butter, spring mix....ooo, bat mix. Gimme 10 of those. Image: justin sullivan/Getty Images By Maria Gallucci2017-04-09 23:25:27 UTC Two diners in Florida were munching on a prepackaged salad, perhaps enjoying the crispy crunch of lettuce, when they stumbled upon a strange ingredient. A weird crouton? No. Some ultra-GMO vegetable? You wish.  It was a bat. A dead bat. A dead bat was in their salad. Fresh Express recently recalled some salad mixes sold at Walmart stores after the unlucky customers found a winged creature plopped among the leafy greens.  SEE ALSO: Bed bugs were blood-sucking pests even 11,000 years ago The pair had already started eating some of the salad before they found the bat. Not gross enough? Well, turns out the bat was in such deteriorated condition that when U.S. health officials tried to test it in the lab, they couldn't definitively determine if that bat had rabies, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said on Saturday. As if finding a decomposing creature in your food wasn't bad enough, the two people were advised to start post-exposure rabies treatment. Fortunately, the CDC said both people reported being in good health, and neither had any signs of rabies. Apparently, it's extremely uncommon to get rabies by eating a rabid animal (pro tip!) and the virus doesn't survive very long outside of the infected animal, the health agency said. Orlando-based Fresh Express on Saturday announced a precautionary recall of its 5-ounce Organic Marketside Spring Mix. The recalled salads came in a clear container with a best-if-used-by date of April 14. They were only distributed to Walmart stores in the southeastern region of the United States. Image: u.s. food and drug administration No other Fresh Express or Marketside salads were included in the recall. Fresh Express said that Walmart acted quickly to remove the spring mix product from its store shelves. Experts from the CDC are working with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the Florida Department of Health to crack this particularly unsettling food safety case. WATCH: Robots are plotting to make your salads Topics: bats, CDC, fda, Florida, food safety, fresh-express, rabies, salad, salad-mix, Science, World, Wal-Mart About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop More from Complex  GO90  Rated Red  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Life Life CDC Launches Investigation After Dead Bat Was Found in Bagged Salad at Florida Walmart Share Tweet CDC Launches Investigation After Dead Bat Was Found in Bagged Salad at Florida Walmart By Jose Martinez Jose is a contributing writer for Complex Media. @ZayMarty Apr 10, 2017 Share Tweet Image via Getty/Ian Waldie Two people contacted authorities after they found a dead bat inside the "Organic Marketside Spring Mix" bag of salad purchased at a Walmart in Florida. In a report by The Guardian, the discovery led to an investigation conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to see if the animal had rabies. The CDC is also working alongside the Florida department of heath and the federal Food and Drug Administration to find out how the hell a dead bat got inside a packaged salad. Related 17-Foot Burmese Python Found in Florida Everglades This Lion Wanted a Weekend of Freedom in Florida Florida Man Tries to Trade Baby for Food Even though the CDC claims that it is "extremely uncommon" for these individuals to have contracted any illness from the decayed bat, the agency is exercising extreme caution and looking into the matter. Fresh Express, the packaged salad brand which contained the bat, have issued a recall of their product sold in the southeastern part of the United States with a best-used date of April 14 and the production code G089B19. The company also released a statement stressing that they take "matters of food safety very seriously and rigorously complies with all food safety regulation." The CDC implores customers who ate the packaged salad in question but didn't consume any "animal material” to reach out to Fresh Express to demand a full refund. The agency also used this incident to advise “anyone who ate the recalled salad product and found animal material in it [should] contact their health department for evaluation.” Leave it up to poor Florida to have yet another bizarre incident happen to someone from the Sunshine State. What oddity could possibly occur next? Just give it a week or two, and we will surely find out. WatchNow Tags: News, Florida, Walmart  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments Lateststories News Anchor Learns About Her Husband's Death During Live Broadcast BY Joshua Espinoza 4 hours ago Deer Tackles This Unsuspecting Guy and Absolutely Wrecks Him BY Jose Martinez 5 hours ago Lake County Sheriff Department Posts Laughable Video Directed at Heroin Dealers BY Jose Martinez 7 hours ago Wisconsin Man Leads Police on Giant Manhunt After Mailing 161-Page Manifesto to Donald Trump BY Gavin Evans 8 hours ago Music College Professor to Use Kanye West as Case Study for Mental Illness Lecture BY Gavin Evans 8 hours ago United Airlines Trashed by Pretty Much Everyone After Horrifying Passenger Incident BY Trace Cowen 8 hours ago 2 Dead, 2 Injured at Elementary School Shooting in San Bernardino in Apparent Murder-Suicide (UPDATE) BY Trace Cowen 11 hours ago Aspiring Rapper 2Pec Accused of Leaping Into Ocean to Avoid Paying for Lobster Dinner BY Trace Cowen 13 hours ago Music Let French Montana Be a Lesson: Don’t Start Sh*t on Social Media BY Michael Arceneaux 14 hours ago Shocking Video Shows Passenger Being Forcibly Removed From Overbooked Flight (UPDATE) BY Trace Cowen 17 hours ago Load More Stories NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map FeedsPersonalization MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics Today's Tips Art of Aging 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions NFL Draft Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us FOOD & DRINK Salad sold at Walmart recalled after dead bat found inside bag Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://6abc.com/video/embed/?pid=1854401" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A salad sold in Walmart has been recalled after a dead bat was found inside the package. (WPVI) WPVI Sunday, April 09, 2017 11:41PM A recall has been issued for a packaged salad after a dead bat was found inside a container. Fresh Express issued a recall for a limited number of cases of Organic Marketside Spring Mix sold at Walmart. The recall was issued after a dead bat was found in a package of salad purchased in Florida. Officials say two people ate the salad before the bat was found in the package. They have been tested for rabies. Recalled Product Details: - Organic Marketside Spring Mix - 5 oz. clear container - Production Code of G089B19 and best-if-used-by date of APR 14 2017, located on the top label - UPC Code of 6 8113132897 5 located on the bottom of the container next to the bar code The company says the salads were sold mainly in southern states. Fresh Express says consumers who may have already purchased the recalled product should discard and not consume it. A full refund is available where purchased or by calling the Fresh Express Consumer Response Center toll-free at (800) 242-5472 during the hours of 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Eastern Time. ONLINE: MORE INFORMATION ------ Send a breaking news alert to Action News Report a correction or typo Learn more about the 6abc family of apps Related Topics: foodconsumerrecallu.s. & worldsaladfoodwalmart Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WPVI-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. FOOD & DRINK FYI Philly: Stockton Market watch FYI Philly: Pull up a seat At The table FYI Philly: Fill up on bite-sized desserts at Devour FYI Philly: N.J. BYO scene reels in a "big fish" More Food & Drink Top Stories Teacher, boy die when husband opens fire in California class Driver crashes into Warminster house garage Water dept. closes 17th Street in Rittenhouse Square Video: Passenger dragged off overbooked United flight Phillies to induct Pete Rose into Wall of Fame New upgrades coming to PHL New policing in Camden is making a difference Show More 5 injured after truck, SUV collide on I-476 Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley resigns amid sex scandal Official: Russia knew Syrian chemical attack was coming Police search for Radnor Twp. bank robber Testimony ends in trial over fatal school bathroom fight More News Top Video Driver crashes into Warminster house garage Action News Update Video: Passenger dragged off overbooked United flight Neil Gorsuch sworn into Supreme Court More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions NFL Draft Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics Today's Tips Art of Aging 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions NFL Draft Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Why smart stores don't check out Why smart stores don't check out Amazon, Starbucks and Apple want you to walk into their stores, pick up your items, then walk right out. There's just one problem. Mike Elgan (Computerworld (US)) 08 April, 2017 21:00 - - - - print email Comments Cash registers are dumb. Why do we still have them? Invented in 1879 to keep saloon employees from stealing, the cash register combines the functions of a calculator to add up the purchases and a lockbox to keep cash safe. It assumes that retail employees have no verifiable way to add up numbers. And it assumes customers are paying in cash. Nowadays, most people have a smartphone and pay electronically. So the assumptions are gone. Yet cash registers remain. The success of online retail demonstrates that you don't need a Victorian-era contraption to sell things. You can do it all electronically. But brick-and-mortar retail stores have a problem that online stores don't: shoplifting. Without a cashier verifying the purchase and providing a paper receipt, it's hard to stop some people from just taking stuff and walking out without paying. The whole cash register model now represents a ritual that exists mainly as an anti-theft system. That sounds like an easy problem to solve. Turns out it's not. Why Amazon Go isn't ready to go Amazon Go is that company's latest concept for disrupting brick-and-mortar retail. The company's vision is that you shop normally, then just walk out of the store without waiting in a line or interacting with a cashier or point-of-sale system. Amazon The Amazon Go concept store watches you shop and lets you skip the cash register. Amazon Go is a single 1,800-square-foot store in downtown Seattle that sells groceries as well as prepared food that's ready to eat. Amazon Go also features "Amazon Meal Kits," which are pre-portioned ingredients with recipes, a concept similar to Blue Apron. The Amazon Go store is not open to the public. Amazon has been developing the store's technology for years and "beta testing" the store with employees for months. A report in The Wall Street Journal claimed that Amazon intended to open last month but delayed the launch because of technical issues. That's not surprising. Amazon is attempting something very bold and new. Amazon is using a combination of computer vision, sensors and deep-learning algorithms to know who's buying what. Amazon says that its patented "Just Walk-Out Technology" uses artificial intelligence (A.I.) comparable to the A.I. used in self-driving cars. Here's how the store works. When you enter, you scan a QR code on the Amazon Go app at the front door. That scan announces to the store's system that you're there and preemptively authenticates the purchases you're about to make. Then you shop. Amazon's "Just Walk-Out Technology" has one job: to figure out what you're taking out of the store. As you remove items from the shelf, A.I. uses multiple inputs to figure out what you grabbed. Cameras watch you take it. Scales built into the shelves provide data to calculate the weight of what you took. Amazon's patent filing suggests that the system may also refer to past purchases to help identify current ones. In other words, intelligent software analyzes a video feed to determine that you removed something from the shelf that looked like a cupcake. It considers data from the shelf, which is also a scale, and calculates that you took something that weighs about as much as a cupcake. And it checks your purchase history â it knows you're a cupcake-eating maniac. After all that input, the software decides that you took a cupcake off the shelf and adds it to your list, which is kept up-to-date in real time as you shop. If you place an item back on the shelf, the item is removed from the list. It's possible, based on patent applications, that Amazon intends to use both face and body recognition (metrics like height and weight) to continuously identify you when you wander around the store picking up items. Here's the best part: When you're done shopping, you just walk out of the store. As you leave, sensors at the door detect that you're exiting, and your Amazon account is charged for the items you got. It's like shoplifting, except you have to pay for everything you took. The technology is advanced. It may be too advanced. A Bloomberg report said the Amazon Go system becomes overwhelmed when the store gets crowded, and that it's relying on humans to supervise the A.I. to make sure it correctly identifies the foods it's charging for. (Amazon did not respond to my request for an interview.) It appears that Amazon's "Just Walk-Out Technology" makes a lot of mistakes, which is probably OK within reason. But it also may crash, bringing the whole system to a halt, which is not OK. Amazon dominates retail already. Walmart is a global retail giant worth $215 billion (the company's value based on stock price). By comparison, Amazon is worth $430 billion -- twice the value of Walmart. It seems like Amazon has a sweet deal going with online retail. Why would they want to enter into the brick-and-mortar space? The truth is that there are many items that consumers won't buy without seeing or trying them in person. Think of couches, for example. You probably don't want to buy a couch unless you can feel how comfortable it is. There are other items, such as your lunch, that are too perishable for shipping. Amazon has been trying a range of ideas for breaking into the $800 billion U.S. grocery industry. The Amazon Fresh delivery service is now available in 20 U.S. cities. Prime Now delivers groceries from local grocery stores in a few locations. Subscribe & Save lets people subscribe to buy paper towels and a range of other non-perishable but frequently consumed items for delivery like other Amazon items. A system like Amazon's "Just Walk-Out Technology" adds convenience to shopping. But the real revolution is a quantum leap in behavioral data. In the same way that companies like Amazon, Google and Facebook track every mouse movement, every click, every scroll and every hesitation while you're browsing the Internet, Amazon Go's system potentially brings that level of customer awareness to the brick-and-mortar space. They'll know if you hesitated to buy that cupcake. They'll know you spent three minutes browsing the burrito options without finding something you wanted. They'll know exactly how long you were in the store, which sections you checked out and of course what items you bought, exactly. It's likely that Amazon will open the Amazon Go store to the public sometime in the next few months. They will probably have to limit the number of customers allowed in the store at the same time. And the "Just Walk-Out Technology" will make a lot of errors for the next few years, requiring human supervisors to monitor and correct those errors. For the foreseeable future, Amazon Go will be a half-baked mirage. Amazon will accept losses resulting from errors as the price of learning how to do no-cashier retail. Eventually, the payoff could be huge. Once Amazon makes "Just Walk-Out Technology" reliable and relatively error-free, the company can roll out stores nationwide, then worldwide. Like self-driving cars, however, automated stores that really work are years away, and for the same reason: A.I. just isn't good enough yet. Starbuck's Mobile Order & Pay is hot, but still has grande problems Starbucks is also working on the elimination of cash registers and cashiers. The company's app enables a service called Mobile Order & Pay, where you can order anything on the Starbucks menu via the app and pick it up without interacting with a cashier. The company last week opened a mobile-only store at its Seattle headquarters. Here's the company's dirty little secret: Mobile Order & Pay doesn't really work that well. (Starbucks did not return my request for comment.) Sometimes customers place their order at the wrong store. I've done this myself a few times. That means the product is wasted at the wrong store, and the customer has to wait in line like everybody else at the right store. Other times customers pick up somebody else's mobile order by accident. (I'm a heavy user of Mobile Order & Pay, and I live in constant fear that somebody else will get my tall drip -- clearly my coffee order reflects who I am as a person -- and I'll get their pumpkin spice latte with 12 shots of coconut syrup.) Mobile Order & Pay can be great for coffee thieves bold enough to just grab somebody else's order. In stores where this happens frequently, the drinks are placed out of reach, forcing Mobile Order & Pay users to wait for a barista to give them their order. Starbucks executives have hinted that they're working on perfecting Mobile Order & Pay. But making it function as it should will take years â and the development of more advanced technology. While Mobile Order & Pay is worthwhile for Starbucks (because their long-line problem is bad, coffee is so cheap and errors are fast and cheap to make right), it actually doesn't work well and isn't exportable to other retail situations that aren't selling what is essentially flavored water. Apple's 'automation' depends on an army of employees Apple was the first major retailer to enable a smartphone-based system where you can pick your product and waltz out of the store without interacting with a cashier, launching their EasyPay self-checkout system years ago. The Apple Store app enables you to process your purchase as if you were buying online, then walk out of the store with the item. This system isn't especially replicable. Apple doesn't use advanced technology for this feature. And one benefit of self-checkout should include cost savings because fewer employees are required. But with Apple, the opposite is true. The system works to deter theft only because Apple Stores employ dozens of employees, often for stores that are really a small single room. Apple's system works for Apple because that company sells very expensive items at mass market scale, enabling them to afford an army of watchful employees. Automated retail is years away Amazon, Starbucks and Apple create the illusion that the era of automated, smartphone-based brick-and-mortar retail is here. The truth is that the technology behind these stores doesn't work nearly as well as it appears to. And the systems developed thus far can't be extended to the wider world of retail stores. Someday, stores will enable you to skip the cash register altogether. But for now, I just don't buy it. ​CIO Executive Council member profile: Emmanuel Steve Dulvin More from CIO Executive Council Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleBloombergFacebookGoogleQRStarbucksTechnologyWall Street Editor's Recommendations When will the IT project madness end? Ridley leads charge on 'intelligent built environments' in digital age Regaining trust after a digital government failure Tech dreams come true: Origin’s Kelly Ferguson reveals personal journey Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Silver Peak Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Responding to Today’s Advanced Threats Latest Jobs Delivery Executive SA Manager Portfolio Planning QLD Contracts Manager NSW Service Delivery Manager NSW Manager Portfolio Planning QLD Mobile Studio Lead/ Mobile UX Lead NSW Senior Project Manager - Digital / Media NSW Contracts Manager NSW Telecommunications Installation Manager SA Mobile Studio Manager/ Mobile UX Manager - GAME CHANGER! NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Leaders discuss transformation and innovation: AWS panel Will Veeam complete a hat-trick of HPE acquisitions? The week in security: Angry privacy watchers turn tables on pollies; did ... CSO Online In pictures: Breakfast - Information governance in a digital world 10 things you may not know about Google Trump ‘actively’ considering new H-1B spouse work rule Market Place Secure the Future Workspace - Data protection, Securing IoT, Security Policies & more | IDC Analysts | Hands-on Workshops | Register now CSO US dismantles Kelihos botnet after Russian hacker's arrest Latest Shadow Brokers exploit dump poses little threat Suspected CIA spying tools linked to hacks in 16 countries Hack of Dallas emergency sirens prompts more warnings to bolster cybersecurity Careful opening Word docs: attackers exploit un-patched Office flaw Computerworld NAB's flagship branch to be test-bed for new tech Miner South32 partners with GE, rolls out industrial IoT platform Australian nanosatellite start-up prepares for launch NBN considers roll-out of NG-PON2 Bank deploys Dell Boomi to deliver omnichannel customer service ARN Megaport launches new marketplace for technology providers nbn shakes up rollout mix, again ShoreTel to promote Ben Swanson to A/NZ regional director Former Microsoft executive joins LiveTiles to spearhead US operations Microsoft creates 120 jobs with new Sydney Inside Sales Centre Techworld Tech Timeline: The iPad first goes on sale US dismantles Kelihos botnet after Russian hacker's arrest Raspberry Pi 3 gets Microsoft Cortana with Windows 10 Creators Update Latest Shadow Brokers exploit dump poses little threat CW@50: A half-century of data storage (PDF) CMO AnalogFolk teams with NIEA to ‘push boundaries’ in creative thinking CMO Momentum: The new conference dedicated to modern marketing leadership Bendigo Bank rolls out customer-led metrics framework Tourism Tasmania replaces top-ranking CMO Is brand success all in your name? We ask the expert Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Drug charges lodged in Super Walmart parking lot caper - The Buffalo News Niagara County Sections Home Local News Sports NCAA Basketball Bills Sabres Colleges High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Bandits Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Soccer Outdoors WNY Auto Racing Bills Sabres Sabres 2016-17 season Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Obituaries Submit Obituary Last 24 Hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History [BN] Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Communities Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Health and Fitness Lifestyles Books Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout Drug charges lodged in Super Walmart parking lot caper By Staff Published Sun, Apr 9, 2017 SHARE TWEET EMAIL NIAGARA FALLS – An 80th Street woman arrested on drug charges early Sunday was attempting to enter cars in the parking lot of the Super Walmart on Military Road, Niagara Falls police said. Joslyn C. Harris, 19, was charged with seventh-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance and possession of a controlled substance outside its original container. Police said they found Xanax on her. Officers went to the store about 4:30 a.m. to investigate reports that a woman was going through the parking lot, checking car doors to see if any were unlocked. Police said Harris told them she was trying to find her car, but was unable to furnish police with a license plate number, make or model.   Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Advertise with Us Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Death Notices Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars [BN] Ads Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2017 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Tuesday, Apr 11, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Retail Whole Foods stock jumps after investor suggests sale BLOOMBERG NEWS SERVICE Published on April 11, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Whole Foods Market Inc. shares surged the most in more than two years after activist investor Jana Partners acquired a stake and suggested that the organic-food grocer consider putting itself up for sale. Whole Foods has been grappling with its worst sales slump in more than a decade. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge The investment firm announced an 8.3 percent stake in a filing Monday, saying it would seek talks with management and push for a review of Whole Foods’ strategic alternatives. Jana also may nominate at least three directors in a bid to help foster a turnaround. Whole Foods shares gained as much as 12 percent to $34.66 in New York, the most since November, 2014. The stock had been up 1 percent this year through the end of last week. The supermarket chain, which helped pioneer the organic-food movement, has been grappling with its worst sales slump in more than a decade. Six straight quarters of declining same-store sales have forced the company to close stores and rein in costs. A record-setting bout of food deflation has put additional pressure on the entire grocery industry. “They went from owning the space to having massive competition,” said Brian Yarbrough, an analyst at Edward Jones. “It’s a strong brand that has really struggled.” In announcing its investment, Jana vowed to address the weak performance and potentially shake up the board. The New York-based firm also will examine real estate and Whole Foods’ new small-store format called 365. Still, it may be difficult for Jana to improve performance in the short term, Mr. Yarbrough said. An outright sale to a grocery competitor like Kroger Co. may make more sense, he said. “It will be very tough to speed up the turnaround process — the most upside would be with a sale,” he said. Larger mainstream grocers, including Kroger and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., continue to advance on Whole Foods’ organic turf, weighing on sales. Whole Foods has sought to fight back by offering more discounts and starting the new 365 chain, which is aimed at younger shoppers. But the strategy has been slow to pay off. The slump prompted Whole Foods to shrink the size of its chain this quarter for the first time in more than a decade. The company, which has about 440 U.S. stores, also abandoned its longer-term growth target of reaching 1,200 locations, seeking instead to get expenses under control. The comeback effort is in the hands of Chief Executive Officer John Mackey, a co-founder of the Austin-based company who retook sole leadership last year. He had served as co-CEO with Walter Robb until November. The struggles have fueled speculation that an activist investor will step forward and push for changes. As Jana fills that role, the firm is looking to reassess everything from Whole Foods’ brand to the way it schedules worker hours. Jana’s most recent activist encounters have happened largely behind the scenes. The Whole Foods encounter started with a different tone: Jana released an activist 13D filing that includes names of potential dissident director nominees. That suggests it’s prepared for a proxy fight for control of the board. Related Items united states , Whole Foods Market, Inc. , grocery , Jana Partners Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Wentworth military academy will fold Monday Apr 10, 2017 at 10:41 PM Apr 10, 2017 at 10:41 PM By Jim SuhrAssociated Press A Missouri military academy and college that dates to 1880 and includes federal lawmakers, business titans and a famous zoologist among its alumni will fold at the end of next month, given waning enrollment, rising costs and an aging campus. Wentworth Military Academy and College's two top administrators announced the closure in letters Friday to cadets, students, parents and alumni, saying the assets of the site in Lexington will be liquidated as part of "an orderly closure." "Although everyone regrets this decision, we are proud that Wentworth successfully achieved its mission for 137 years, and many, many cadets and students obtained the knowledge and developed the character to be successful," Wentworth's board chairman, Regis McDonald, and president Michael Lierman wrote in a letter to alumni. Allan Hallquist, a Kansas City lawyer who has represented Wentworth for the past quarter century, said Saturday that Wentworth has 220 cadets who boarded there. Fifty-five of them are high school students, and the rest enrolled in its two-year college program. The site also has roughly 300 civilians taking classes there. "Wentworth has struggled for more than five years to break even and has tried different options," including hiring consulting firms to bolster recruiting and develop alumni fundraising, Hallquist told The Associated Press. "But they continued to run deficits and are projected to dig a deeper hole." The accrediting Higher Learning Commission placed Wentworth on ongoing probation in November 2015, citing "concerns related to integrity regarding the college's finances and resources to support its academic programs and operations." The commission was to revisit that matter Monday, according to its website. Wentworth's prominent alumni include the late Missouri Congressman Ike Skelton, Wal-Mart co-founder James "Bud" Walton, and zoologist Marlin Perkins, who hosted "Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom" for more than two decades before his death in 1986. Wally Hulver, a 79-year-old insurance industry retiree who graduated from Wentworth in 1956, called the news "really a shame." Wentworth "taught you a lot about life, about how to treat people. It was just, well, etiquette and made you aware of how you should be living," Hulver, an Army veteran, told the AP by phone from his home in Lexington. "This is just a sad day for the old guys around here who went there." McDonald didn't immediately reply to messages left Saturday. Lierman has an unlisted home telephone number. The academy's website was inoperable, undergoing what it called "scheduled maintenance." About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Subscribe Yellow Pages Vacation Hold Advertise With Us Market Place Classifieds Find Independence jobs Cars Real Estate FindNSave Boats Magazine Online Submissions Engagements Weddings Births Anniversaries Sister Publication Boonville Daily News Linn County Leader Lake Sun Leader Chillicothe Constitution-Tribune The Examiner Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Examiner ~ 410 S. Liberty, Independence, MO 64050 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World News Columnists Reader Submitted My Legislators Shareable Databases Sports High School Mavericks Sports Columnists Sports Calendar Outdoors Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Milestones Storytellers Engagements Weddings Home & Garden Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Legislators Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Branded Content Submit Your News Subscriber Subscribe E-Edition Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Activist Investors Will Face Major Hurdles at Whole Foods By Jon C. Ogg April 10, 2017 4:27 pm EDT Print Email Tweet Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ: WFM) has been one of the greatest fairy tale stories in food and grocery trends of a lifetime. After years of being one of the leaders in promoting the organic and natural foods theme to the point that these have become mainstream issues, the company’s old business model has cracked and faltered to the point that its shareholders have been punished. Whole Foods has been under attack from a slew or newer ‘me too’ competitors and from traditional grocery stores, yet it still gets referred to by customers and consumers as “Whole Paycheck.” Now Whole Foods has an activist investor group nibbling on its heels. After months and months of Wall Street pointing out that Whole Foods needs an activist investor to come in, JANA Partners has done that. From February 9, 2017 to April 10, 2017, JANA and some outside partners who have been brought on have acquired more than 27.8 million shares on a fully diluted basis if you include stock options. Before getting into the efforts and reasons for an activist, there are some serious issues which will get in the way of at least some efforts by activists here. Whole Foods thrived for years, but its growth and its relevance have gone off-track. It has an onslaught of competition and there may be little room to work on pricing at the consumer level. Whole Foods has changed its actual image in many of its stores by moving from traditional woods and earthy presentations to something that looks and feels more like an Apple store combined with a grocery store. That alone might not be an issue, but it doesn’t set the company apart from other stores any longer. Whole Foods has seen serious changes among the service and employment trends in its stores. The company’s layoffs in recent years took an obvious bite out of service at counters and at the register almost immediately. Some of the benefits and pay that used to attract employees have been cut down or have been made harder to achieve. Perhaps the largest issue that JANA or any other activist will face is that there is an internal pricing dilemma at Whole Foods with or without competition. Even when grocery price deflation was hurting traditional grocers, Whole Foods prices only seemed to rise higher and higher. Many of its items have become priced at levels that they just don’t feel worth the price versus traditional grocery store prices. Maybe an activist can make up the money if they generate more sales through volume at lower prices, but that is margin-negative unless they can somehow drive down costs. Hint — this is at a time when driving down costs is hard to do in a reflationary environment and in a wage-pressured environment. Outside of the internal pricing woes is an issue that traditional grocery stores like Kroger and Safeway (among others) offer many of the exact same products at lower prices. Walmart is even in the organic food game, as are other big box retailers like Costco. And then there is the me-too group of Sprouts Farmers Market and others, and ditto for harsh competition from Trader Joe’s for well over a decade now. Private label offerings under the 365 brand may have helped cap price growth, but some of the former products from Whole Foods have been missed by customers. The old grocery store chain competition had already been in private label offerings before Whole Foods went further into that offering, and many stores now have organic and natural private label offerings. Another risk for activists targeting Whole Foods might seem like a plus rather than a risk. Consumers have wanted more healthy choices regardless of the source. This means that other sellers of groceries have had to adapt to cleaner and environmentally friendly offerings regardless of Whole Foods at this point. It also means that the consumer doesn’t have to just rely on Whole Foods for more natural and organic offerings. In effect, Whole Foods may have a huge role in having created the trend toward natural and organic and now customers don’t care where they get their healthier food from. Go ask any retailer how they feel now that customers are willing to buy endlessly off of Amazon (which is also getting deeper into groceries) at their expense. One recent analyst report pointed out that Whole Foods has a serious customer traffic problem. The reasons above, and perhaps many other issues, make this a very difficult situation. Maybe JANA and its outside partners being brought on for this effort face an uphill challenge here. If JANA thinks it can just step in and raise prices or to cut costs further, this effort may prove to be a waste of time. Below are some of the details of the efforts and goals of the activists. Pages: 1/2 « Monday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Best States for Immigrants » Read more: Retail, Activist Investor, food, Costco Wholesale (NASDAQ:COST), SFM, Whole Foods Market (NASDAQ:WFM), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The World's 31 Mega-Cities States With No Income Tax The Best (and Worst) States for Business Beers Americans No Longer Drink Cities Hit Hardest by Extreme Poverty Recent Best States for Immigrants Why Activist Investors Will Face Major Hurdles at Whole Foods Monday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Coty, DryShips Sink into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 1 Mortgage Teaser Some Homeowners Fall For Why Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Stock Jumped 28% in March Better Buy: Shopify vs. Etsy Toll Brothers price target lifted to $43 from $37: RBC Capital Toll Brothers lifted to outperform from sector perform: RBC Capital 'Competitive concerns over Yelp's relevance are overdone': Pacific Crest Whole Foods' Stock Soars Nearly 10% After Activist Stakeholder Announce Push to Sell What Does Foxconn's Potential $27 Billion Purchase of Toshiba's Chip Business Mean? These are the 3 Biggest Threats Facing Advertising Stocks Investors flee risk assets as geopolitical tensions heat up 'Best banker in America' blamed for Wells Fargo sales scandal Fed's Yellen aims to let 'healthy' U.S. economy coast along Asian shares mostly lower as North Korean tensions simmer Trump to Meet U.S. Business Leaders on Infrastructure, Tax Reform Ford Executive Predicts U.S. SUV Boom Will Continue Merriam-Webster Dictionary Trolls United Airlines Over Definition Of 'Volunteer' Donald Trump's New York Modeling Agency To Shut Down Scott Walker Moves To Kill A Century-Old Nature Magazine, And Readers Are Furious Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Breaking News U.S. bolsters protection of forces in Syria as tensions climb California gunman kills wife, self as she teaches class; student also dead Alabama governor resigns as scandal leads to criminal charges U.S. judge finds Texas voter ID law was intended to discriminate United Airlines under fire after passenger dragged from plane; officer put on leave South Korea warns of North Korea 'provocations', U.S. navy group approaches Under siege at home, Maduro gets support from regional allies in Cuba Tillerson faces tough talks in Moscow amid increased tensions Trump's pick Gorsuch sworn in, restoring top court's conservative tilt Oil eases from five-week top, rising U.S. production weighs Tue 11 Apr 2017 - 13 Rajab 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos VACANCIES Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → To beat China fakes, NZ and Australian produce firms raid tech larder To beat China fakes, NZ and Australian produce firms raid tech larder Monday 10th, April 2017 / 21:08 Written by Oman Observer in Business Charlotte Greenfield and Aaron Bunch – As China’s middle class develops its taste for imported food and drink, fresh produce suppliers in New Zealand and Australia are topping up nature’s bounty with anti-counterfeiting technology in a bid to protect their growing business from fakes. Suppliers of goods from fruit to drinks and lamb are teaming up with makers of tracking systems, codes and powders to combat fakes that cost the global food business billions of dollars. As tech tools become cheaper, services like China’s popular WeChat smartphone app are also being deployed, offering consumers a free scanning ally to work out what’s on Chinese store shelves. Smaller players like meat company Silver Fern Farms and Synlait Milk have tapped local tech firms like Dunedin’s Oritain, which measures food isotopes as a checkable ‘fingerprint’. But Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba is also in on the act with a pilot Blockchain-based tracing system, signing up Kiwi dairy giant Fonterra and Australian vitamin supplier Blackmores as partners. “We see the Australian and New Zealand markets setting the tone for the rest of the world when it comes to integrity, safety and quality of food supply chains,” said Maggie Zhou, Alibaba’s Australia and New Zealand Managing Director, in comments published to mark its project launch at a late March Canberra ceremony. ‘‘It was a natural decision to pilot a programme here.” Dislodging counterfeit food, now a well established business of its own, presents no small challenge. Fraud costs the global food industry an estimated $40 billion a year, Alibaba said, citing research conducted by Michigan State University. In China, $1 billion in counterfeited goods was seized in 2014, according to the International Anti-Counterfeiting Coalition. “Categories that are faked so regularly are the (fresh produce) ones where New Zealand and Australia are strong,” said Mark Tanner, Director of Shanghai-based China Skinny, a firm that advises Western businesses operating in China. But firms in Australia and New Zealand are prepared to go to increasing lengths to protect sales they rely on for growth. New Zealand’s total exports to China have quadrupled to NZ$12 billion ($8.62 billion) since 2007, most of them being food and beverage products. Australia agriculture exports to China were worth around A$10 billion ($7.67 billion) in 2016, double the amount five years earlier. QUICK RESPONSE Widespread use of apps like WeChat, owned by Chinese Internet giant Tencent Holdings, and developments in technology like machine learning have made it easier and cheaper for smaller tech firms to develop anti-counterfeiting technologies. That lower cost base has brought what tracking systems that were previously solely in the realm of multinational giants like HP and Walmart within reach of the small to mid-level firms that are the backbone of the food and drink business in New Zealand and Australia. Oritain charges customers NZ$300-700 per isotope test product, while for from around NZ$200 a month, Auckland-based Trust Codes supplies a machine-learning algorithm that can pull data from consumers’ phones in China when they scan a product’s encrypted Quick Response, or QR, packaging code. At Auckland manuka honey firm Oceania Natural, Chief Executive Walker Zhong said he used his knowledge of Chinese consumers’ shopping, social media habits and liking of convenience in building Oceania’s own scanning system at a cost of NZ$1 million. Backed by a Chinese insurer, Oceania Natural’s tool revolves around WeChat — which Zhong knew Chinese consumers would already have on their smartphones —sending an alert if the scannable code on product has been used before, indicating in one step whether it’s genuine. “China consumers… they don’t like to use two steps or three steps to verify your product is genuine,” said Zhong. Pitfalls remain. Packaging can be tampered with, or even faked, and that many exports like meat are still sent to China in bulk shipments without any packaging for consumers at all. “The only real way of knowing is testing the actual product,” said Sam Lind, Operations Director at Oritain. “We’re at the whim of counterfeit packaging just like anyone else.” — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Royal Cavalry, Royal Guard Cavalry win season’s dressage titles BoE’s Carney calls for UK-EU deal on bank rules → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Decrees ratify agreements with Japan, Cyprus HM condolences to Egypt President Focus on ties with Lithuania Oman, Lithuania expand ties; ink MoUs on agriculture, education Read More ... Facebook Twitter about 1 hour agoProposals to develop #JabalShams reviewed @ShuraCouncil_OM @OmanTourism @housingoman /t.co/M71GiAlA7j /t.co/19ok0lwiZm about 1 hour agoModifying vehicles with additional fittings, using glass tint beyond permitted levels not allowed: @RoyalOmanPolice… /t.co/9f7FBuUqfx 2 hours agoRefinery project at #Duqm to create energy-based growth pole in #Oman /t.co/yO5EC7aCbK @Duqm_Refinery… /t.co/NQJ45z0GTP Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 11 April 2017 | MYT 8:30 AM Food fight: To beat China fakes, NZ and Australian produce firms raid tech larder An employee using a device to demonstrate anti-counterfeiting technology in Sydney, Australia. Suppliers of goods from fruit to wine and lamb are teaming up with makers of tracking systems, codes and powders to combat fakes that cost the global food business billions of dollars. — Reuters WELLINGTON/SYDNEY: As China's middle class develops its taste for imported food and drink, fresh produce suppliers in New Zealand and Australia are topping up nature's bounty with anti-counterfeiting technology in a bid to protect their growing business from fakes.  Suppliers of goods from fruit to wine and lamb are teaming up with makers of tracking systems, codes and powders to combat fakes that cost the global food business billions of dollars. As tech tools become cheaper, services like China's popular WeChat smartphone app are also being deployed, offering consumers a free scanning ally to work out what's on Chinese store shelves.  Smaller players like meat company Silver Fern Farms and Synlait Milk have tapped local tech firms like Dunedin's Oritain, which measures food isotopes as a checkable 'fingerprint'. But Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba is also in on the act with a pilot Blockchain-based tracing system, signing up Kiwi dairy giant Fonterra and Australian vitamin supplier Blackmores as partners.  "We see the Australian and New Zealand markets setting the tone for the rest of the world when it comes to integrity, safety and quality of food supply chains," said Maggie Zhou, Alibaba's Australia and New Zealand managing director, in comments published to mark its project launch at a late March Canberra ceremony. "It was a natural decision to pilot a programme here."  Dislodging counterfeit food, now a well established business of its own, presents no small challenge. Fraud costs the global food industry an estimated US$40bil (RM177.46bil) a year, Alibaba said, citing research conducted by Michigan State University.  In China, US$1bil (RM4.43bil) in counterfeited goods was seized in 2014, according to the International Anti-Counterfeiting Coalition.  "Categories that are faked so regularly are the (fresh produce) ones where New Zealand and Australia are strong," said Mark Tanner, director of Shanghai-based China Skinny, a firm that advises Western businesses operating in China.  But firms in Australia and New Zealand are prepared to go to increasing lengths to protect sales they rely on for growth.  New Zealand's total exports to China have quadrupled to NZ$12bil (RM36.97bil) since 2007, most of them being food and beverage products. Australia agriculture exports to China were worth around A$10bil (RM33.21bil) in 2016, double the amount five years earlier.  Quick response  Widespread use of apps like WeChat, owned by Chinese Internet giant Tencent Holdings, and developments in technology like machine learning have made it easier and cheaper for smaller tech firms to develop anti-counterfeiting technologies.  That lower cost base has brought what tracking systems that were previously solely in the realm of multinational giants like HP and Walmart within reach of the small to mid-level firms that are the backbone of the food and drink business in New Zealand and Australia.  Oritain charges customers NZ$300-700 (RM924-RM2,157) per isotope test product, while for from around NZ$200 (RM616) a month, Auckland-based Trust Codes supplies a machine-learning algorithm that can pull data from consumers' phones in China when they scan a product's encrypted Quick Response, or QR, packaging code.  At Auckland manuka honey firm Oceania Natural, chief executive Walker Zhong said he used his knowledge of Chinese consumers' shopping, social media habits and liking of convenience in building Oceania's own scanning system at a cost of NZ$1mil (RM3.08mil).  Backed by a Chinese insurer, Oceania Natural's tool revolves around WeChat – which Zhong knew Chinese consumers would already have on their smartphones – sending an alert if the scannable code on product has been used before, indicating in one step whether it's genuine.  "China consumers...they don't like to use two steps or three steps to verify your product is genuine," said Zhong.  Pitfalls remain. Packaging can be tampered with, or even faked, and that many exports like meat are still sent to China in bulk shipments without any packaging for consumers at all.  "The only real way of knowing is testing the actual product," said Sam Lind, operations director at Oritain. "We're at the whim of counterfeit packaging just like anyone else." — Reuters Related Stories You May Be Interested Google offers at least US$880mil to LG display for OLED investment: report Amazon finds it hard to make friends it will crush later: opinion Twitter pulls lawsuit over anti-Trump account, says summons withdrawn Artificial intelligence to put an end to failed selfies Qualcomm claims Apple made threats and lied to regulators Where to find a cuddly quokka for your selfie Others Also Read Driver trapped in garbage truck dangles over third-floor railing Call to use latest technology for halal products Tottenham's strength in depth key to title charge - Kane advertisement Latest News Foxconn could bid up to US$27bil for Toshiba's chip business: Bloomberg Cyberattack on Union Bank of India similar to Bangladesh heist: WSJ France's Macron says would step up security demands on tech firms Battle of billionaires as Son set to clash with Bezos in India BMW, Ford win UK funds for driverless, low-carbon vehicles Most Viewed in Tech Battle of billionaires as Son set to clash with Bezos in India Qualcomm claims Apple made threats and lied to regulators Artificial intelligence to put an end to failed selfies Flipkart raises US$1.4bil in high stakes battle with Amazon BMW, Ford win UK funds for driverless, low-carbon vehicles The Samsung Galaxy S: The evolution year by year LeEco abandons US$2bil Vizio deal, citing ‘Chinese policy factor’ Symantec attributes 40 cyberattacks to CIA-linked hacking tools Facebook's Sandberg says number of monthly advertisers tops five million Cyberattack on Union Bank of India similar to Bangladesh heist: WSJ Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
msn back to msn home entertainment web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Music Reviews Spring Music Guide Video Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Departments Entertainment Celebrity TV Movies Music Games More Entertainment Music Video Find Movie Showtimes TV Previews and Clips Top Movie Trailers Challenges & Quizzes Gaming Guide Gifts for Entertainment Lovers AdChoices Rory Feek releases Joey Feek's solo album a year after her death Wonderwall Mark Gray 8 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Frances Bean Cobain Defaces Her Own Marc Jacobs Billboard No 'tell-all,' but Prince's ex details their life in memoir © Jim Smeal/BEI/Rex USA Joey Martin Feek and Rory Lee Feek attend the 48th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards in Las Vegas on April 7, 2013. It was a year ago that country singer Joey Feek tragically passed away. Her husband, Rory Feek, is making sure she leaves a lasting memory with her music. He has released her debut solo album, titled "If Not for You." Joey recorded the songs in 2005 but most of them were never released. "When this album was recorded in 2005, Joey and I were still newlyweds, or at least we felt like we were," Rory said in a press release. "Though we had hopes for the record at the time, it wasn't meant to be, and so this collection of music sat quietly on a shelf for the last 10 years or so, waiting for the right time to come along, when maybe somehow, someone would care. A time like now." He added, "It is one of the great joys of my life to dust these songs off and bring life to them again. Not just the songs, but also the stories and the life of the special woman that these songs represent." The album is available online via iTunes, Amazon, Target, Walmart, Cracker Barrel and Gaither. Joey, one half of country duo Joey + Rory, died on March 4, 2016 after a battle with stage IV cervical cancer. Her fight for life was often documented on Rory's blog, This Life I Live. "My wife's greatest dream came true today," Rory wrote last year while announcing her passing. "She is in Heaven. The cancer is gone. The pain has ceased. And all her tears are dry." Her death, however tragic, was somewhat expected after it was announced in October 2015 that the country music star would no longer seek treatment for her terminal disease and would live out her final days in hospice care at home. "Joey is at peace with where she is and where she's going," he wrote on his blog. "So am I." Since her death, Rory has continued to honor his wife's memory and he's also been busy raising their daughter. On March 2 on his blog, he even shared an adorable photo of Indiana sitting at a grand piano, her birthday gift. "What do you get a child for their birthday who has everything? Everything that is... except a mama," he wrote. "I got her a piano." Click to expand Replay Video Emma Stone Responds To Teen Who Asked Her To Prom In Epic Video Emma Stone loved that adorable 'promposal' made by high school student Jacob Staudenmaier. The teen, from Emma's hometown of Scottsdale, Ariz., looks similar to Emma's co-star Ryan Gosling, and recreated the opening scene from 'La La Land' in a bid to catch the Oscar winner's attention. The actress then wrote him an email with her response. Inside Edition Adele Just Broke Carole King's Record Adele just broke a record previously held by Carole King. Amanda Kabbabe (@kabbaber) has the details. Buzz60 Meet Moms Mabley, a Pioneer For Black Women in Comedy Moms Mabley was the first woman to ever perform stand-up at the Apollo Theater. PopSugar SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO 'Heartbreaking': Rory Feek shares photo of daughter watching late mom sing TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Emma Stone Responds To Teen Who Asked Her To Prom In Epic Video Inside Edition 1:37 Adele Just Broke Carole King's Record Buzz60 0:43 Meet Moms Mabley, a Pioneer For Black Women in Comedy PopSugar 1:47 Don Rickles Through The Years Vanity Fair 1:41 The Best 'Happy Potter' Revelations J.K. Rowling Has Revealed People 1:03 Movie Pass: "Smurfs: The Lost Village" CNN 1:33 The most insane car stunts in the 'Furious' franchise USA TODAY 2:39 Remembering Don Rickles The Washington Post 1:38 Anne Hathaway back in "Colossal" independent comedy Reuters 1:56 Chris Evans Answers the Web's Most Searched Questions Wired 1:45 Marvel VP Thinks Women and Diversity Lowers Sales NowThis News 0:58 Justin Theroux Would 'Definitely' Write a TV Role for Wife Jennifer Aniston ETonline 1:04 Baseball's biggest celebrity fans Vanity Fair 1:35 CNN Review: 'Big Little Lies' is a juicy leap CNN 1:24 Russell Brand explains split with Katy Perry CNN 0:40 Tina Fey mocks Trump at fundraiser CNN 1:18 UP NEXT Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Music Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from Wonderwall Rory Feek releases Joey Feek's solo album a year after her death Wonderwall Why New York Yankees fans are livid with Martha Stewart Wonderwall Find out the gender and name of Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk's baby... Wonderwall Wonderwall View the Full Site AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter MSN Music Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help & Support
