Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Believe it or not, people are actually leaving Yelp reviews for Super swarm: Here's why hawks are amassing at Calif. state park Pence busters 8 to 10 men reportedly jump 2 near UC Berkeley campus News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA After election, 4 Dutch parties to begin coalition talks At 93 years old, Zimbabwe's Mugabe remains a jet-setter Syrian troops besiege Islamic State stronghold Former Russian lawmaker shot dead in Ukraine Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors United States blanks Puerto Rico to win WBC title Ex-Cal guard Mathews finds peace at Gonzaga Barry Bonds: ‘Timing is just right’ to rejoin Giants Haley Van Dyke leads Campolindo girls into state final Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Alaska Airlines to drop Virgin America name in 2019 Tech workers fear diversity efforts could be undermined Thousands of AT&T workers strike over work assignments Movie money, butterbeer ice cream, Instagram appointments A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Classic comedies with free beer at the Balboa on Saturday nights The latest from Dear Abby Berkeley Rep announces 2017-18 season Big Sean riding on big ‘Bounce’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Bill Niman sells BN Ranch to Blue Apron Toast doesn't cost $4 in SF anymore ... in some spots, it's way Fieldwork's Vermont Farmhouse Ale sparks feud with state of Hitachino Beer & Wagyu's bar is officially open to the public Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Controversial ‘Girlie Glue’ allows parents to stick St. Patrick's Day in San Francisco through the years: Nobody does Growing algae bloom in Arabian Sea tied to climate change Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips The Barn transforms riverfront in West Sacramento The Latin-flavored cuisine of Woodland Insider: Good times brewing in Yolo Clarksburg AVA the little wine-growing region that could Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Two Oakland homes for just one dollar—with one very large Former Noe Valley firehouse back on the market—with a Wraparound garden adds to appeal of updated Craftsman in Oakland $25M estate, formerly Bill Graham’s, is Marin’s Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Chevy Caprice is a tribute to family history Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Should you take a counteroffer? Small talk has a big impact on your career Find a new job faster by changing your attitude Learn good lessons from a bad job Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Woman-sought-in-Union-City-parking-lot-rampage-11015522.php Woman sought in Union City parking lot rampage that hurt 2 people By Filipa A. Ioannou Updated 4:22 pm, Monday, March 20, 2017 Photo: Union City Police Department Image 1of/24 Caption Close Image 1 of 24 A woman is being sought by Union City police after allegedly striking multiple people with her car in a Walmart parking lot on Sunday. A woman is being sought by Union City police after allegedly striking multiple people with her car in a Walmart parking lot on Sunday. Photo: Union City Police Department Image 2 of 24 A woman is being sought by Union City police after allegedly striking multiple people with her car, a silver 1998-2000 two-door Honda Accord, in a Walmart parking lot on Sunday. A woman is being sought by Union City police after allegedly striking multiple people with her car, a silver 1998-2000 two-door Honda Accord, in a Walmart parking lot on Sunday. Photo: Union City Police Department Image 3 of 24 Click through to see violent crimes reported by Bay Area cities in 2015, starting with the cities that reported the highest incidents of violent crime. Statistics from the FBI Uniform Crime Report for 2015. Click through to see violent crimes reported by Bay Area cities in 2015, starting with the cities that reported the highest incidents of violent crime. Statistics from the FBI Uniform Crime Report for 2015. Image 4 of 24 | Bay Area cities with highest incidents of violent crime Fairfield Population: 112,582 Violent crime: 486 Fairfield Population: 112,582 Violent crime: 486 Photo: Brant Ward, SFC Image 5 of 24 | Bay Area cities with highest incidents of violent crime Buy photo Concord Population: 128,767 Violent crime: 491 Concord Population: 128,767 Violent crime: 491 Photo: Alex Washburn, Special To The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 6 of 24 | Bay Area cities with highest incidents of violent crime Berkeley Population: 120,387 Violent crime: 530 Berkeley Population: 120,387 Violent crime: 530 Photo: Kwei, Getty Images Image 7 of 24 | Bay Area cities with highest incidents of violent crime Hayward Population: 157,157 Violent crime: 556 Hayward Population: 157,157 Violent crime: 556 Photo: Christian Science Monitor/Christian Science Monitor/Getty Image 8 of 24 | Bay Area cities with highest incidents of violent crime Santa Rosa Population: 175,738 Violent crime: 606 Santa Rosa Population: 175,738 Violent crime: 606 Photo: Lacy Atkins Image 9 of 24 | Bay Area cities with highest incidents of violent crime Antioch Population: 110,537 Violent crime: 771 Antioch Population: 110,537 Violent crime: 771 Photo: PAUL CHINN Image 10 of 24 | Bay Area cities with highest incidents of violent crime Vallejo Population: 121,257 Violent crime: 1,031 Vallejo Population: 121,257 Violent crime: 1,031 Image 11 of 24 | Bay Area cities with highest incidents of violent crime San Jose Population: 1,031,458 Violent crime: 3,400 San Jose Population: 1,031,458 Violent crime: 3,400 Photo: Hisham Ibrahim, Getty Images Image 12 of 24 | Bay Area cities with highest incidents of violent crime Oakland Population: 419,481 Violent crime: 6,051 Oakland Population: 419,481 Violent crime: 6,051 Photo: Ben Margot, AP Image 13 of 24 | Bay Area cities with highest incidents of violent crime San Francisco Population: 863,782 Violent crime: 6,710 San Francisco Population: 863,782 Violent crime: 6,710 Photo: Jcbonassin / Getty Images Image 14 of 24 | Bay Area cities with lowest incidents of violent crime Buy photo Orinda Population: 19,311 Violent crime: 5 Orinda Population: 19,311 Violent crime: 5 Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 15 of 24 | Bay Area cities with lowest incidents of violent crime Buy photo Mill Valley Population: 14,527 Violent crime: 4 Mill Valley Population: 14,527 Violent crime: 4 Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 16 of 24 | Bay Area cities with lowest incidents of violent crime Atherton Population: 7,205 Violent crime: 3 Atherton Population: 7,205 Violent crime: 3 Photo: Google Map Screenshot Image 17 of 24 | Bay Area cities with lowest incidents of violent crime Buy photo Hillsborough Population: 11,559 Violent crime: 1 Hillsborough Population: 11,559 Violent crime: 1 Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 18 of 24 | Bay Area cities with lowest incidents of violent crime Los Altos Hills Population: 8,485 Violent crime: 1 Los Altos Hills Population: 8,485 Violent crime: 1 Photo: JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images Image 19 of 24 | Bay Area cities with lowest incidents of violent crime Kensington Population: 5,329 Violent crime: 1 Kensington Population: 5,329 Violent crime: 1 Photo: John Storey, Special To The Chronicle Image 20 of 24 | Bay Area cities with lowest incidents of violent crime Buy photo Belvedere Population: 2,144 Violent crime: 0 Belvedere Population: 2,144 Violent crime: 0 Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 21 of 24 | Bay Area cities with lowest incidents of violent crime Monte Sereno Population: 3,582 Violent crime: 0 Monte Sereno Population: 3,582 Violent crime: 0 Photo: Google Maps Image 22 of 24 | Bay Area cities with lowest incidents of violent crime Ross Population: 2,500 Violent crime: 0 Ross Population: 2,500 Violent crime: 0 Photo: Jill Schneider, The Chronicle Image 23 of 24 | Bay Area cities with lowest incidents of violent crime Los Altos Population: 30,598 Violent crime: 6 Los Altos Population: 30,598 Violent crime: 6 Photo: Siana Hristova, The Chronicle Image 24 of 24 Woman sought in Union City parking lot rampage that hurt 2 people 1 / 24 Back to Gallery Police are seeking the public’s help in identifying a woman who fled the parking lot of a Walmart in Union City after intentionally striking two people with her car and trying to run over others, officials said Monday. The woman entered the Walmart around 6:00 p.m. on Sunday and attempted to return some batteries, but she was rebuffed, police said. Witnesses said she was agitated when she left the store and returned to her car, a silver two-door Honda Accord, according to the police. “She was yelling and screaming in the car and pounding her fists against the steering wheel,” said Sgt. Steve Mendez of the Union City Police Department. The woman nearly hit a family walking in the parking lot as she backed out of the stall, police said. She continued to back up, intentionally striking two people, according to police accounts. ALSO 8 to 10 men reportedly jump 2 near UC Berkeley campus Man tries to drag girl walking on SF street into car Car break-in in Berkeley uncovers criminal den, police say Narrowly missing a 3-year-old girl and her mother, the woman tore out of the parking lot at high speed, forcing pedestrians to flee from the path of the car. “Three people had to really jump to get out of the way of the vehicle,” said Mendez. The victims were treated for minor cuts and bruises at the scene by the Union City Fire Department. Police described the suspect as a brunette in her early 20s, 5 feet to 5 feet five inches tall and 100 to 120 pounds. She was last seen wearing a gray Batman sweatshirt, black leggings, dark Ugg-style boots, and glasses, police said. Anyone with information is encouraged to call the Union City Police Department at (510) 675-5207. Filipa A. Ioannou is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: fioannou@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @ obioannoukenobi Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. TERROR ATTACK IN LONDON London attacker was born in Britain, previously investigated Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor IS: Attacker was a 'soldier of the Islamic State' 5 dead in vehicle, knife attack at British Parliament LATEST NEWS Israeli teen arrested in threats on US Jewish targets Joanne Kyger, trailblazing Beat poet, dies at 82 8 to 10 reportedly jump 2 near UC Berkeley campus Man tries to drag girl walking on SF street into car Police: Car break-in in Berkeley uncovers criminal den California Supreme Court to rule on gun law Officials: White House fence jumper caught by shoelaces Sisters say border agent sexually assaulted them Yelp reviews for Bay Area roads and tunnels Funniest Yelp reviews trashing Bay Area museums One-star Yelp reviews of prestigious Bay Area restaurants Yelp reviews of Bay Area jails and police stations The best Hunter Pence signs (and sign tweets) of all time Barry Bonds: ‘Timing is just right’ to rejoin Giants Super swarm: Why hawks are amassing at Calif. state park The best spring hikes in the Bay Area Veggie burger that 'bleeds' set to take on US market As the Jewish deli scene fades, Wise Sons grows TODAY'S TOP PICKS Two Oakland homes for just one dollar—with one big caveat Talbot: We need to support homeless solutions 3-year-old American girl meets pope, steals his hat Most Popular 1 Woman, 73, beaten unconscious in attack on BART train 2 Britons are denouncing Donald Trump Jr.'s attack on London's... 3 8 to 10 men reportedly jump 2 near UC Berkeley campus 4 California may face 'significant risk' from dam 5 Man tries to drag girl walking on SF street into car 6 Horoscope for Thursday, 3/23/17 by Christopher Renstrom 7 When people leave the Bay Area, where do they go? 8 Car break-in in Berkeley uncovers criminal den, police say 9 'Wheel of Fortune' contestant ridiculed after epic blunder 10 Cat stuck in peanut butter jar gives birth to kittens, dies THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Wal-Mart launching new investment team as its appetite for online retail grows Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs Monday, 20 Mar 2017 | 6:37 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images Marc Lore, CEO of Jet.com and Doug McMillon, CEO of Wal-Mart Jet.com was only the beginning. After snapping up a series of small online retailers, Wal-Mart said Monday that it is launching an innovation hub to identify the ideas, people and technologies that will drive the future of retail. Called Store No 8, the Silicon Valley-based team will invest in and partner with entrepreneurs, early-stage start-ups, venture capitalists, and academics. The stand-alone "incubator" will focus on areas including robots, virtual and augmented reality, and artificial intelligence. Store No 8 will be led Wal-Mart's G. Seth Beal and Jet.com's Katie Finnegan. Marc Lore, Jet's founder and the president and CEO of Wal-Mart eCommerce U.S., announced the initiative at the ShopTalk conference in Las Vegas. The launch of Wal-Mart's investment arm is just the latest sign of its growing e-commerce ambitions. It follows the acquisitions of several specialty online retailers, including the purchase of ModCloth last week. Prior to purchasing the women's fashion site, Wal-Mart acquired outdoor goods company Moosejaw and Shoebuy. With each of those acquisitions, Wal-Mart is giving the CEOs responsibility not only for their websites but for their specific category across the organization, Lore said. "That empowerment, I think, is the difference," Lore said. He would know firsthand. Wal-Mart's $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com raised some eyebrows last year, as many questioned how Jet's startup culture would jibe with Wal-Mart's corporate structure. Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon repeatedly said he would give Lore the power to run Jet on his terms — which now comes with the added responsibility of spearheading the company's entire U.S. eCommerce operations. Wal-Mart has carried that attitude of empowerment into all of its subsequent acquisitions, Lore said. "It means everything, especially to an entrepreneur," Lore said. He added that he's "been on the other side of it, too," when an acquisition "wasn't as empowering." Prior to Jet, Lore co-founded Quidsi, the parent of Diapers.com. Amazon purchased that company in 2010, leading to a fallout between Lore and Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos. When Lore thought about what it meant to sell Jet — which could have meant offering small pieces to venture capitalists along the way — a partnership with Wal-Mart meant he could accelerate his vision faster, he said. And while he admitted that his Hoboken, New Jersey-based team was at first a bit hesitant to team up with Wal-Mart, they're now "fired up and having fun." "The culture hasn't changed a bit," he said. Krystina GustafsonEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous   
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 40-57 We set you thinking Thursday 23 March 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World - 1490275025 Singapore Healthway gets a S$70 million lifeline 1490274720 World Fierce clashes persist in Syria ahead of renewed peace talks 1490272753 World U.S.-Israeli teen arrested in Israel over bomb threats to Jewish centers 1490273692 World Anti-immigrant Sweden Democrats move into second place in polls 1490273132 World Islamic State claims responsibility for British parliament attack 1490272166 World Ukraine president: former MP killing was Russian 'state terrorism' 1490270992 World EU support among Germans reaches 25-year high, survey shows 1490271573 World EU says summons Turkish ambassador over Erdogan comments 1490273590 World 'Worst is yet to come' with 400,000 trapped in west Mosul: U.N. 1490270498 World Exiled former Russian lawmaker shot dead in Kiev: police 1490270394 World Kremlin says Ukrainian claims of Russian hand in ex-MP's murder are 'absurd' 1490271426 Business J&J latest to suspend ads from YouTube over offensive videos 1490273877 Business Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy 1490273187 Business Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' Qatari cashcall probe 1490272630 Business Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong 1490272475 World French national kidnapped in Chad, say military and security sources 1490271535 Business Diamond group De Beers buys out retail partner LVMH 1490271884 World UK parliament attacker British-born, had been investigated over extremism concerns 1490273184 Business Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout 1490272705 Business Akzo Nobel CEO: won't meet with PPG to talk about bid 1490271330 Business S’pore most competitive economy in Asia yet again: Boao Forum report 1490273814 World Islamic State claims responsibility for British parliament attack 1490268960 Lifestyle Search and rescue training, modified for fitness’ sake 1490256420 Entertainment Singapore singer teams up with New York-based producer for new song 1490260920 Entertainment ‘An award is an award’: Michelle Chong 1490254860 Sports LaLiga plans Asia domination 1490271120 Business Auto financing goes online for tech savvy car buyers 1490263620 Lifestyle Beer market to be featured at Artbox Singapore 1490265960 Entertainment Rocking S’pore hard, with orchestras  and electric guitars 1490179920 Daily Focus Smartphone device can test sperm quality 1490231760 Singapore A ‘Singapore standard’ hospital in Vietnam for women, children 1490212920 China&India Food safety authority orders Hong Kong supermarket to pull baby formula from shelves for low iodine levels 1490148360 Singapore HK to charge shipping firm, captain over lack of Terrex transport licence 1490180760 Singapore 2016 hottest year in S’pore, overall rainfall less than normal 1490266740 World France's Le Pen to visit Moscow on Friday: Russian lawmaker 1490269615 World Dutch Green Left to participate in coalition talks 1490268613 World London attack won't delay start of Brexit talks: PM May's spokesman 1490268984 World London attacker was British-born, known to intelligence services: May 1490267989 World Suspected Indonesian radical killed in counter-terrorism operation 1490267874 World China says hopes new Japanese carrier doesn't mark return to militarism 1490266977 Business As Trump targets energy rules, oil companies downplay their impact 1490267236 Business Shell reluctant to part with California refinery amid asset sale 1490270169 World 'What a mad world' says minister who tried to save wounded officer in parliament 1490269065 World Vienna Airport appeals against ban on expansion 1490269989 Business Oil up from four-month lows, inventories curb recovery 1490268552 Singapore No reports of Singaporeans injured in London attack; Ministers urge vigilance 1490224620 China&India Kindergartners in China hospitalised after being given antipsychotic medication 1490269560 Singapore 2 teens charged with housebreaking; investigations ongoing for thefts from rented Airbnb apartment 1490242500 Entertainment Visionary artistic director appointed for S’pore International Festival Of Arts 1490267818 Business Target names Kroger veteran Jeff Burt new grocery chief mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:00 AM, March 21, 2017 Target Corp <TGT.N> on Monday named Kroger Co <KR.N> veteran Jeff Burt its senior vice president of grocery, fresh food and beverage, as the retailer makes a renewed push to overhaul the business amid an intensifying price war. Target — which is embroiled in a fierce face-off with Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>, Kroger and Amazon Inc <AMZN.N> — said last month that price cuts on its grocery aisles were a major priority this year. Minneapolis-based Target, which has been trying to revamp its food business for about two years, has lagged Wal-Mart which has now established itself as the nation's largest grocer. Burt, who joins Target after 30 years at grocer Kroger, will report to Chief Merchandising Officer Mark Tritton. Target's previous grocery chief Anne Dament stepped down in November, less than eighteen months after she was appointed and tasked with turning around the retailer's grocery business, which accounts for a fifth of Target's sales. Burt, who will join Target on April 10, will be replaced as the head of Kroger's Fred Meyer division by Joe Grieshaber. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘America First’ policy forces rethink of China-EU trade ties ‘Ability to adapt to new roles key to survival in new economy’ World stocks touch record high, dollar decline deepens With Sears' future in doubt, vendors begin pulling back Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push Wells Fargo CEO receives pay bump despite sales scandal Wells Fargo banks on new ad campaign to regain customer trust Walmart announces plan to invest $800 million in Chile Wall Street should avoid cutting foreign bank ties: U.S. regulator Wall Street ends sharply lower on fears of tax cut delays Inside Today World - EU support among Germans reaches 25-year high, survey shows French national kidnapped in Chad, say military and security sources Kremlin says Ukrainian claims of Russian hand in ex-MP's murder are 'absurd' Ukraine president: former MP killing was Russian 'state terrorism' Business S’pore most competitive economy in Asia yet again: Boao Forum report Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Diamond group De Beers buys out retail partner LVMH Shell reluctant to part with California refinery amid asset sale Oil up from four-month lows, inventories curb recovery Sports LaLiga plans Asia domination Search and rescue training, modified for fitness’ sake Pennefather joins Bill Ng’s team for FAS elections Bill Ng hits back at controversial remarks Lim-Prasad, Walton launch their shoe donation campaign for needy youth Entertainment Visionary artistic director appointed for S’pore International Festival Of Arts Singapore singer teams up with New York-based producer for new song ‘An award is an award’: Michelle Chong ‘Power Rangers’: A superhero movie too far? Rocking S’pore hard, with orchestras  and electric guitars About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Target names Kroger veteran Jeff Burt new grocery chief News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Target names Kroger veteran Jeff Burt new grocery chief Target Corp on Monday named Kroger Co veteran Jeff Burt its senior vice president of grocery, fresh food and beverage, as the retailer makes a renewed push to overhaul the business amid an intensifying price war. Posted 21 Mar 2017 03:10 A shopper looks at grocery items at a Target store in Los Angeles, California August 18, 2009. REUTERS/Fred Prouser Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Target Corp on Monday named Kroger Co veteran Jeff Burt its senior vice president of grocery, fresh food and beverage, as the retailer makes a renewed push to overhaul the business amid an intensifying price war. Target — which is embroiled in a fierce face-off with Wal-Mart Stores Inc , Kroger and Amazon Inc — said last month that price cuts on its grocery aisles were a major priority this year. Minneapolis-based Target, which has been trying to revamp its food business for about two years, has lagged Wal-Mart which has now established itself as the nation's largest grocer. Burt, who joins Target after 30 years at grocer Kroger, will report to Chief Merchandising Officer Mark Tritton. Target's previous grocery chief Anne Dament stepped down in November, less than eighteen months after she was appointed and tasked with turning around the retailer's grocery business, which accounts for a fifth of Target's sales. Burt, who will join Target on April 10, will be replaced as the head of Kroger's Fred Meyer division by Joe Grieshaber. (Reporting by Richa Naidu in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar and Shounak Dasgupta) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
just-style home News & insights News Walmart snaps up online fashion firm ModCloth By Michelle Russell | 20 March 2017 Font size Email Print Walmart has been buying smaller e-commerce firms US retail giant Walmart is further beefing up its e-commerce strategy with the acquisition of women's online fashion and accessory retailer ModCloth. As part of a push to buy up smaller online brands, Walmart closed the deal – for an undisclosed sum – late last week. ModCloth is an online speciality retailer that offers what it says are "unique designs and exclusive fashion," along with shoes, handbags and accessories for 18-35-year-old women. In particular, the company has a strong focus on promoting size diversity, lifestyle inclusiveness and "body positivity," it says. Headquartered in San Francisco, the company has a strong social media presence and operates one physical store in Texas and offices in Los Angeles and Pittsburgh. It offers clothing and accessories from independent designers and national brands, as well as private label apparel. Walmart says ModCloth will continue to operate as a stand-alone and complementary brand to its other e-commerce sites. Independent designers who sell on ModCloth's site, it adds, will gain the opportunity to expand their reach. "Apparel and accessories is the number one category for digital commerce, according to comScore, and we gain the experience of a well-recognised speciality apparel e-commerce brand that's trusted by millions of millennial women," Walmart says. ModCloth CEO Matthew Kaness, his executive team, and ModCloth's 300-plus employees will continue to be based in San Francisco, Los Angeles and Pittsburgh. This is the latest move by Walmart to compete more effectively with e-commerce players such as Amazon. The retailer has begun slowing down the pace of its store openings as it looks to ramp up growth in its online division as part of a new strategic framework. Last month, the company acquired online outdoor apparel and gear retailer Moosejaw for US$51m, and earlier this year bought Shoebuy.com. Last August it made a $3bn cash deal to acquire e-commerce start-up Jet.com. Walmart snaps up online outdoor giant Moosejaw Walmart's Jet acquires ShoeBuy in $70m deal Walmart's Jet acquires ShoeBuy in $70m deal Tushar Patel, chief marketing officer of commerce platform Kibo, believes the move from Walmart will not only amp up its e-commerce strategy and help it compete against Amazon, but will also strengthen its personalisation strategy by continuing to acquire highly curated brands that expand the company's reach with new audiences. "Our recent research indicates consumers today value personalised experiences as their top consideration for making purchases. Therefore, Walmart's purchase of Jet.com, and the following acquisitions of Shoebuy, Moosejaw and now Modcloth, demonstrate a path to cater to a wider audience yet offer a more personalised experience through unique brands. "This is new territory for Walmart, who previously built a reputation with consumers of being a the ultimate megastore. Expect to see more omnichannel experiences from those branded sites, such as in-store pick or ship from store – furthering their consumer experience strategies." Meanwhile, Adrien Nussenbaum, US CEO and co-founder of software developer Mirakl adds: "Walmart is under pressure to show growth in the amount of digital commerce revenue it receives. They likely decided that buying these companies is a faster path to show growth than building out the capability themselves. The brands will most likely become featured internal sellers on the Jet.com marketplace." Tweet PBF drops Trump line as Mexico footwear firms fret over future PREVIOUS What might TTIP mean for US and EU textiles and apparel? NEXT Sectors: Apparel, Finance, Retail, Technology Companies: Wal-Mart Stores Inc Help test our new apparel sourcing tool. APPLY NOW COMMENT Trade Tracker – Trump’s first three weeks and Brexit timelines RESEARCH Winter Wear Market in Europe 2016-2020 About Winter Wear in Europe Product sales in this particular market depends on seasons, and is driven by the climatic conditions of a region. Winter seasons that are relatively warmer can hamper the... ANALYSIS Mexico textile and apparel makers eye tit-for-tat trade war NEWS US Q4 in brief – PVH Corp, J Crew, Perry Ellis In the most recent fourth-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, Destination XL moved to a profit but booked lower sales, while Caleres moved to a loss in the quarter. VF C... NEWS Marks & Spencer tops human rights benchmark NEWS Macy's will "do the right thing", says Lundgren NEWS Asda says "work needed" despite sales improvement NEWS Walmart streamlines online procurement process Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-style newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Most Popular Insights What TTIP might mean for US, EU textiles & apparel Four steps to reduce product defects Unlocks for the future fashion sourcing landscape Geo-political uncertainty and how to survive it Adidas raises the bar for North America sales News H&M, VF Corp and Levi among most ethical companies US Q4 in brief – PVH Corp, J Crew, Perry Ellis Sears has "substantial doubt" of future Vietnam limits hazardous chemicals in apparel PVH Corp to acquire e-commerce retailer True&Co Market research Central and East Europe Report Package Central America strategic sourcing review - a focus on Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras When Things Go Wrong - A Practical Guide to Managing Common Problems in Apparel Sourcing Southeast Asia strategic sourcing review – a focus on Cambodia, Vietnam and Myanmar Outdoor performance apparel 2016: A broader perspective Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & comment Comment Analysis Supply chain issues Apparel trade & sourcing Social & environmental responsibility Apparel systems & technology Financials & M&A Interviews Hot issues Columns The just-style blog just-style research roundup Global news roundup Viewpoint In the money The Flanarant Speaking with style Spotlight on... Research updates Top stories on just-style Retail roundup Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-style blog Regions Sourcing Snapshots China and Asia Bangladesh Vietnam and Cambodia Europe North America Emerging markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All countries Companies H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB Marks & Spencer Group Plc Nike Inc Adidas Group VF Corporation Inditex SA Gap Inc Wal-Mart Stores Inc Levi Strauss & Co Primark Zara Under Armour Inc PVH Corporation Target Corporation JC Penney Company Inc Tesco Plc Tommy Hilfiger Group C&A Lectra Fast Retailing Co Ltd All companies Sectors Apparel Fibres & fabrics Footwear Manufacturing PLM buyer's guide Retail Sourcing Technology All sectors re:source Apparel research Market research store Apparel research consultants About About just-style Advertise on just-style Contact just-style Join 31,000 apparel and textile professionals who get just-style’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Apparel and textile Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy apparel market research New apparel market research Apparel sector market research Apparel companies market research Apparel market research publishers Apparel industry consultants PLM software buyers' guide Apparel industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-style Subscribe to just-style RSS feeds Site map About just-style ©2017 All content copyright just-style.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-style gives you the widest apparel and textile market coverage. But only paid just-style members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Leonie Barrie, editor of just-style Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Better Buy: CVS Health Corporation vs. Wal-Mart Stores Which of these retail giants is the better choice for new money today? Brian Feroldi (TMFTypeoh) Mar 20, 2017 at 10:08AM Retailing is a tough business. Building a lasting competitive advantage in the industry is extremely challenging, which is one reason so many retailers have gone belly-up.  Despite the industry dynamics, CVS Health (NYSE:CVS) and Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) are two retailers that have thrived over the long term. But given the ever-changing retail landscape, which of these two companies is more worthy of an investment today? Image Source: Getty Images. The case for Wal-Mart It's a tough time to be in the big-box retailing business. More customers are choosing to shop online, which is making it difficult for stores to attract foot traffic. Meanwhile, dollar stores are also trying to nibble away at Wal-Mart's market share. Wal-Mart is not taking the renewed sense of competition lightly. In fact, Wal-Mart has gotten quite serious about making its e-commerce presence known. Last year, the company shelled out $3.3 billion to buy Jet.com, a fast-growing e-commerce concept. More recently, it spent about $70 million to acquire ShoeBuy.com, a direct competitor to Amazon.com's Zappos.  So far, it looks as if the company's aggressive actions are paying off. Last quarter, Wal-Mart's e-commerce sales grew by 29%. That's a strong number, though given Wal-Mart's size it will probably take quite some time before e-commerce sales start to move the needle.  As for Wal-Mart's retail stores themselves, the company appears to be holding its own against the dollar stores. Same-store sales in the U.S. grew by 1.8% last quarter, driven primarily by foot-traffic gains. That's a decent result that shows that Wal-Mart's brand and perceived value have staying power. Despite these positive signs, Wall Street isn't expecting the company's bottom line to grow by much. Over the next five years, analysts are projecting EPS growth of roughly 4%. That low number could be caused by concerns that margin will take a hit as wages for workers rise. It's also worth pointing out that Jet.com was an unprofitable business when Wal-Mart acquired it, so the division is also likely to be a headwind to profits. While the profit growth isn't all that exciting, Wal-Mart does offer investors a 2.9% dividend yield. Those aren't terrible figures for a company that's trading for only 16 times trailing earnings. The case for CVS Health Most consumers know that CVS Health runs a retail pharmacy empire, but this industry giant is actually two big businesses in one.  On the retail side, CVS operates more than 9,700 locations in the U.S., Puerto Rico, and Brazil. This business took a significant leap forward last year when management paid $1.9 billion to acquire Target's pharmacies and clinics. This one move grew the company's footprint by more than 20% and provided the company with direct access to millions of potential customers. That's helped revenue grow at a decent clip. Beyond retail, CVS also operates the second largest pharmacy benefits management business in the United States. This business unit caters to providers of healthcare benefits -- think unions and governments. CVS earns a small fee from these in exchange for negotiating hefty discounts on pharmaceuticals directly from drug manufacturers. This is a win-win business model that accounts for the bulk of CVS's revenue.  Looking ahead, CVS Health has a number of initiatives in place that promise to drive growth. The list includes growing its MinuteClinic footprint, persuading Target customers to make the switch, and driving growth in its specialty pharmaceutical business. When adding cost-savings initiatives and share buybacks to the mix, Wall Street believes that CVS Health's bottom line will grow by more than 10% annually over the next five years. Plus, the company pays a respectable 2.5% dividend yield and is trading at only 16 times trailing earnings. The better buy While Wal-Mart offers investors a slightly higher dividend yield at the moment, I think CVS Health is the smarter bet. The company offers investors much better growth prospects for a comparable valuation. It also doesn't help Wal-Mart's case to see that Warren Buffett has been dumping his big position in the company recently. If you're after a battle-tested retailer that offers income and growth, I think that CVS Health is a terrific choice.    Brian Feroldi owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool recommends CVS Health. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Feroldi (TMFTypeoh) Foolish investor Brian Feroldi has been covering the healthcare industry for the Motley Fool since 2015. Brian's investing goal is to buy the highest quality companies that he can find and then let compounding work its magic. See all of his articles here and make sure you follow him on Twitter. Follow @brianferoldi Article Info Mar 20, 2017 at 10:08AM Health Care Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.25 no change (0.00%) CVS Health NYSE:CVS $78.46 no change (0.00%) Read More Why CVS Health Stock Dropped 18.2% in 2016 3 Reasons CVS Health Corporation Stock Could Rise Is It Time to Throw In the Towel on CVS Health Stock? 3 Healthcare Stocks That Are Looking Cheap Better Buy: CVS Health Corporation vs. Kroger Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Powerhouse Retail and Consumer Goods Veterans Join PlumSlice’s First Advisory Board to Chart New Advancements in Omni-Channel Sales and Customer Engagement SAN FRANCISCO, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — PlumSlice Labs, a pioneer and leader in delivering  collaborative, cloud-based digital solutions for smarter retail planning, buying and selling, announced the formation of its first Board of Advisors. The inaugural group brings together retail, ecommerce and IT powerhouse leaders whose experience includes Walmart, SAP, Chico’s, GUESS, L Brands and Mercedes Benz. Board of Advisors members are Karenann Terrell, former CIO of Walmart; Denise Broady, CMO, Workforce Software and former SVP of Marketing at SAP; and Andrea Weiss, Co-Founder of O Alliance, a retail digital transformation consultancy, and former President of retail at GUESS. „If you were putting together an Olympic dream team to envision the next frontier of omni-channel selling and digital interaction with the consumer, these executives would definitely take us to the podium for gold. PlumSlice is ecstatic all three are joining our inaugural Board of Advisors and we look forward to collaborating on how we can deliver the most advanced and complete digital solutions to help connect sellers and consumers,” said PlumSlice Labs founder and CEO Abnesh Raina. „PlumSlice is focused on the right digital problems that retail is trying to solve, with an end-to-end connected experience. By bringing a complete solution to a seller dealing with so many disparate factors in moving goods from production to eventual sale, PlumSlice streamlines the process, and at the same time, offers the IT expertise retailers need to be effective in a digital universe,” said Terrell. The company’s all-encompassing approach to the sales and marketing lifecycle, from product idea to customer sale, motivated Denise Broady to join the inaugural board. „PlumSlice has two key ingredients that make it an attractive startup to join: a happy base of customers and a world class set of solutions that could be a game changer for retailers and distributors. I am very excited to join the advisory board to help scale and get the market educated on how PlumSlice can revolutionize the way retailers and distributors plan, buy and sell,” she said. As an enabler of digital transformation, PlumSlice was a perfect fit for Andrea Weiss who has been a key player in retail’s transformation into the digital space, as a strategist and executive leader.  „PlumSlice understands the key to retail brand success is using all the digital technology available to sell smarter and engage the customer more deeply. I believe PlumSlice’s collaborative platform is exactly what ecommerce businesses need to be effective in a digital culture,” said Weiss. Board Member Bios Karenann Terrell is former Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for Walmart Stores, Inc. where she had responsibility for the largest segments of the global Walmart Technology portfolio including Information Systems Division (ISD) and Global Back Office Solutions. Under her leadership, more than 5,000 world class Walmart technologists supported over 11,000 retail stores and membership clubs worldwide. Terrell led a global team that develops innovative technology solutions that are integrating the digital and physical shopping experiences. Prior to joining the company, Terrell served as CIO of Baxter International, Inc., and previously, CIO of the Chrysler Group and Mercedes Benz North America. Denise Broady is Chief Marketing Officer of Workforce Software where she oversees the global marketing organization with responsibilities from brand to demand. Previously, Broady held multiple executive positions at SAP including Senior Vice President of Marketing and Global COO of the Industry Cloud organization where she ran strategy, marketing, communications and operations. With over 20 years of experience in sales and marketing for technology, she has successfully launched new products, worked with developing markets, scaled global organizations, implemented integrated marketing communication plans and enabled business development. She is also a two-time published author on Risk and Compliance, Performance Management and Business Intelligence: GRC for Dummies (2008) and Driven to Perform (2009). Andrea Weiss has 30 years of retail expertise with some of the world’s foremost retailers and is considered among early innovators in Retail. She is a Co-Founder of The O Alliance and CEO of Retail Consulting, Inc., a boutique consulting firm focused on the retail and consumer industry in both the U.S. and Europe. Her clients include leading private equity firms such as BlackRock, CVC, and L Catterton. She has served as President of Guess, Inc.; as EVP and Chief Stores Officer of L Brands, the parent of leading brands such as Victoria’s Secret and Abercrombie and Fitch, and as a senior executive with dELiA*s Inc., The Limited, Inc., Intimate Brands, Inc., and Ann Taylor Stores, Inc. Weiss currently serves on the Board of Directors of Cracker Barrel, Chico’s FAS, Inc., and Nutrisystem. Previously, Weiss served on the Boards of Directors of Pep Boys, Brookstone, GSI Commerce, Inc. and eDiets.com, Inc. About PlumSlice Labs PlumSlice’s mission is to help retailers and distributors embrace digital transformation so they can buy better, sell faster and maximize sales. Its collaborative digital solutions help retail organizations become more agile, and stay ahead of the curve. From solutions to transforming the way buyers buy, to enabling seamless collaboration with suppliers and connecting them with consumers, PlumSlice simplifies and digitizes the buying and selling process. The PlumSlice Suite was designed and developed by retail/digital commerce veterans that have a unique understanding of the challenges and opportunities facing the industry today. PlumSlice Solutions are anchored in real-time insights and workflow collaboration so retailers and distributors can be more agile in using technology to drive efficiencies and positively impact the bottom line. Contact info@plumslice.com. Media Contact: Jon Bierman PlumSlice jon@plumslice.com Cell: 540-270-7221   SOURCE PlumSlice Labs CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Business, Companies, company, Culture, division, engage, formation, Industry, intelligence, Markets, officer, Olympics, Personnel Announcements, private, Space, Technology, Video Games, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mark Good Joins WASH Laundry as New CEO Next PostNext Pembroke Pines Twin Peaks Restaurant Opens Today Search Recent Posts Man Group PLC : Form 8.3 – [Bovis Homes Group Plc] Scotiabank Supports #HeForShe Movement Water Infrastructure Investments to Result in $220 Billion in Economic Growth Shire Issues 2016 Annual Responsibility Review Mediatek announced Board of Directors’ approval on the appointment of Dr. Lih Shyng Tsai as the Co-Chief Executive Officer and nomination to the Board of Directors Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 4 Stocks at 52-Week Highs That Are Still Worth Buying Today These stocks may look expensive, but they're actually good deals. Timothy Green, Dan Caplinger, Matthew DiLallo, and Brian Feroldi (TMFBargainBin) Mar 20, 2017 at 8:42AM Just because a stock is trading near its 52-week high doesn't necessarily mean it's expensive. We asked four of our contributors to each discuss a stock that fits that description. Here's why Boeing (NYSE:BA), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT), Celgene (NASDAQ:CELG), and Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) are good buys despite their elevated stock prices. This stock could keep flying higher Dan Caplinger (Boeing): Boeing has had an extremely impressive run over the past several years, and when you look at its core customer base, it's easy to understand why. The aerospace giant has benefited dramatically from the fact that the airline industry in the U.S. has largely recovered from decades of poor performance, and consolidation within the industry has left the remaining players leaner and more efficient than they have been in the past. That in turn has made airlines profitable and better able to afford long-term investments in their businesses, making the more fuel-efficient new models from Boeing exceedingly popular. For years, Boeing has received orders that have dramatically outpaced its capacity to produce aircraft, forcing customers to wait years before expecting delivery. Image source: Boeing. The election of President Trump was a key catalyst in starting a new wave of growth for Boeing stock, because the Republican's attitude toward geopolitics has emphasized the need for a strong U.S. military that many see as boosting the defense contractor business broadly. Although some investors have become slightly skeptical about the president's ability to implement all of the administration's priorities as quickly as some would like, Boeing currently is in an enviable position atop its industry. As long as conditions remain favorable in both the commercial aerospace and the defense segments, Boeing has the potential for truly stellar growth. A big e-commerce push Tim Green (Wal-Mart Stores): Retail behemoth Wal-Mart isn't too far off from its 52-week high, with the stock buoyed recently by blockbuster e-commerce results. During the fourth quarter, Wal-Mart's U.S. e-commerce sales soared 29% year over year, with gross merchandise value climbing 36.1%. These numbers include both Jet.com, which Wal-Mart acquired last year, and sales from the company's online grocery pick-up service. Wal-Mart is still far behind Amazon.com when it comes to e-commerce, but the company has gotten far more aggressive. The recent move to offer free two-day shipping on orders above $35, which easily trumped Amazon's non-Prime free shipping offer and forced the e-commerce giant to backtrack, is a clear sign that Wal-Mart is willing to sacrifice profits in the short term to catch up to the tech titan. Wal-Mart stock isn't all that cheap, trading for around 16 times the company's earnings guidance for 2017. But the company's stores are doing well, reporting consistent comparable-sales growth in a retail environment that is proving difficult for many of its competitors. The e-commerce push isn't going to be cheap, with shoppers expecting fast shipping and low prices. But ignoring e-commerce and ceding market share to Amazon is no longer an option. While shares of Wal-Mart are near their 52-week high, the company's strategy looks like the right one, and the valuation is reasonable. Despite its run, this growth stock is still cheap Brian Feroldi (Celgene): Biotech giant Celgene has been on a nice run over the past few months, and it's currently flirting with its 52-week high. Despite its run, I still think that it is a great time for growth investors to consider getting in.  Celgene's long-term success can be traced to the massive growth in sales of Revlimid, its top-selling drug that is used to treat blood cancer. Sales topped $6.9 billion last year, making it one of the best-selling drugs on the planet. However, Celgene also boasts a number of other drugs that are churning out billions in revenue and helping to drive growth. This includes the autoimmune disease drug Otezla, the blood cancer drug Pomalyst/Imnovid, and the breast, lung, and pancreatic cancer drug Abraxane. When combined, these drugs allowed the company to pull in more than $11 billion in sales last year, which was up 22% over the prior year.  Like any great biotech stock, Celgene also has a pipeline that is bursting with potential. While it has more than a dozen drugs in development, the one that I have my eye on is ozanimod. This product was brought into Celgene's pipeline from its $7.2 billion purchase of Receptos and promises to become a multibillion-dollar blockbuster in treating diseases like multiple sclerosis and several other autoimmune diseases. In total, management is so confident in its current product line and pipeline that it has stuck its neck out and projected that sales and earnings per share in 2020 will exceed $21 billion and $13, respectively. If true, that suggests that this company's top and bottom lines will expand by digits annually from here. And yet, despite its long history of success, burgeoning pipeline, and public commitment to double-digit growth, shares can still be purchased for roughly 13 times forward earnings. For a high-quality growth business like this, I'd argue that's a bargain. A great company at a fair price Matt DiLallo (Johnson & Johnson): Shares of healthcare giant Johnson & Johnson have been on fire recently, jumping about 10% over the past month to a new 52-week high. However, its recent surge didn't stop me from adding this top-quality stock to my portfolio. That's because this is a top-notch company that is actually trading at a fair price both historically and against the market. Currently selling for around 21 times earnings, J&J's recent rise only has it trading slightly above its five-year average multiple of about 20 times earnings. That's noteworthy because the stock's P/E ratio had largely matched the S&P 500 over the past five years. However, the index's post-election rally now has it selling for 26.5 times earnings, which makes J&J seem cheap on a relative basis. That seems like a more than fair price to pay for a fantastic business like J&J. Not only does the company sell some of the best-known consumer brands like its iconic Johnson's baby products as well as health and wellness products like Listerine, Band-Aid, and Tylenol, but it is a leader in both the medical device and pharmaceutical industries. These businesses combine to generate gobs of free cash flow each year, most of which the company returns to investors, including $8.6 billion in dividends last year and $7.5 billion of share repurchases since late 2015. In many ways, J&J is a classic Warren Buffett-type investment because it is a wonderful business that's selling at a fair price. Because of that, investors shouldn't pass on the opportunity to buy this stock just because its current price is at the highest level of the year.  Brian Feroldi owns shares of AMZN and Celgene. Dan Caplinger owns shares of Boeing. Matt DiLallo owns shares of AMZN, Celgene, and Johnson and Johnson. Matt DiLallo has the following options: long January 2019 $55 calls on Wal-Mart Stores and short June 2017 $70 calls on Wal-Mart Stores. Timothy Green has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AMZN, Celgene, and Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green, Dan Caplinger, Matthew DiLallo, and Brian Feroldi (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Mar 20, 2017 at 8:42AM Health Care Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $176.98 no change (0.00%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.25 no change (0.00%) Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $126.26 no change (0.00%) Celgene NASDAQ:CELG $123.37 no change (0.00%) Read More Obamacare and Wal-Mart Whack Part-Timers' Health Plans Boeing Flies High, but the Dow Can't Escape the Red Better Buy: CVS Health Corporation vs. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Marijuana's Expansion Could Turn Into a Nightmare for Employers Why We're Excited About These 5 Top Stocks Obamacare's Cadillac Tax: What It Means for You Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 4 Stocks at 52-Week Highs That Are Still Worth Buying Today @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $WMT, $JNJ, $CELG
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe technology leadership magazine most innovative companies most creative people video news all stories FastCoDesignFastCoExistFastCoCreateFastCoStudiosCollections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly nfluential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways.Current Issue Current IssueSUBSCRIBE Follow Fast CompanyWe Will Come To You 3 minute Read innovation agents They Bought WHAT? 10 Surprising Acquisitions A candy company that buys a dog-food brand might seem like it’s barking up the wrong tree. But these curious moves would prove prescient. Illustration: Rami Niemi By J.J. McCorvey03.20.17 | 6:00 am Companies acquire other firms every day, usually to get their hands on a complementary technology, product, or person. (See Walmart’s $3 billion grab for retail startup Jet.com last fall—which came with CEO Marc Lore, who now heads up all of Walmart’s e-commerce—and its recent purchase of fashion startup ModCloth.) Every now and then, however, well-known brands make deals that appear to be head scratchers, but somehow still pay off in the end. Here are 10 such acquisitions. 1. Mars And Chappell Brothers, 1935 In an early example of portfolio diversification, the Snickers maker acquired Chappell Brothers, which manufactured a decidedly less-craveable comestible: Chappie canned dog food. Why it was smart: Today, the majority of Mars’s business comes not from treats like M&M’s, but from pet brands such as Pedigree and Whiskas. 2. Tandy And RadioShack, 1963 Texas-based shoe-leather supplier Tandy purchased a flailing Boston radio-parts chain. With RadioShack as a launchpad, Tandy became an early player in the personal computer boom. Why it was smart: It turned out to be a good fit: CEO Charles Tandy grew RadioShack into an electronics powerhouse. 3. General Mills And Play-Doh, 1965 Seeing synergies between kid-focused foods and the toy market, General Mills snatched up Play-Doh maker Rainbow Crafts. That paved the way for its purchase of Kenner toys two years later. Why it was smart: General Mills soon merged Rainbow and Kenner, and a bet on licensing Star Wars toys paid off big after the 1977 film blew up. 4. Getty Oil And ESPN, 1979 Getty Oil spent $10 million on an 85% stake in what was then known as the ESP Network, a little-watched 24-hour satellite sports channel. Why it was smart: Cable TV soon grew into a massive business, with ESPN as one of the medium’s major anchors, and ABC purchased the network in 1984 for around $200 million. 5. Turner And MGM, 1986 When cable upstart Ted Turner bought storied studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, home of such classics as The Wizard of Oz, it was jarring evidence of a fast-changing media landscape. Why it was smart: Turner tapped MGM’s library when he launched movie-oriented channels TCM and TNT, which helped expand his media empire. 6. Starbucks And Hear Music, 1999 The coffee chain purchased a small San Francisco–based music retailer and record label, broadening its in-store offerings beyond food and beverage with exclusive albums. Why it was smart: The move helped cement Starbucks’s image as a lifestyle brand—a “third place” between home and work. 7. Coca-Cola And Odwalla, 2001 Coca-Cola poured $181 million into a deal to purchase California juice maker Odwalla, which had cultivated an image as a healthier alternative to soft drinks. Why it was smart: Coca-Cola has used Odwalla and brands such as Honest Tea to help fill the gap from slipping soda sales. 8. Clorox And Burt’s Bees, 2007 Best known for peddling bleach, Clorox created buzz when it bought Burt’s Bees, a Maine-based purveyor of natural personal-care products. Why it was smart: Burt’s Bees helped the company tap into the eco-products market: Clorox soon launched Green Works, a line of natural household cleaners. 9. Apple And P.A. Semi, 2008 Steve Jobs quietly paid a relatively small $278 million for a tiny maker of low-power chips. The move let Apple start designing the cores of its products rather than relying on Intel. Why it was smart: Controlling its own chips proved crucial as Apple developed products such as the Apple Watch, iPhone 7, and AirPods. 10. Facebook And Oculus, 2014 Virtual reality was virtually irrelevant when Facebook spent $2 billion to buy the Oculus Rift. Why it was smart: Though VR sales have been slow, the Oculus deal set off a tech race—from Microsoft to HTC to Samsung—and established Facebook as a bona fide hardware player and leader in a new computing interface. About the author J.J. McCorvey is a staff writer for Fast Company, where he covers business and technology. More Fast Company Daily Newsletter: Get our best stories delivered to your inbox.Sign Up I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Related Stories MIC Your Craniosacralist Will See You Now: Can A Startup Bring Alt Medicine To The Mainstream? MIC Thinx’s Stance On Period Leave Could Have Been A Harbinger Of Bigger HR Issues MIC Updates From Our Most Innovative Companies: Farfetch, Black Lives Matter, And More Video Americans Are Becoming Increasingly Unhappy, According To The Global Happiness Report How Matt Damon—And A Bunch of Balloons—Are Raising Awareness for World Water Day What John Legend Learned From Working in Consulting Hollywood Can't Win When It Comes To Race Your Next iPhone Can Now Come In Red Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal Revealed Her Questionable Office Behavior Last Summer Former Thinx CEO Miki Agrawal On Why Thinx Didn't Offer Period Leave How Sweetgreen Stays Competitive In A Crowded Space Of Dining Options A Microsoft Engineer Discusses Why Diversity In Tech Will Make Better Products Now You Can Literally See The Differences Between Apple And Google These Married Chefs Prove Working With Your Spouse Isn't Always A Terrible Idea Why One CEO Says It’s A Company’s Responsibility To Speak Out Politically Buzz Aldrin Wants To Take You To Mars--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Beauty And The Beast Has Had Some Wonderful (And Weird) Adaptations How This Company Could Allow You To See The World--While Juicing Why This CEO Thinks Millennials Are Socially-Conscious And Good For Businesses These AI-Powered Robot Spiders Utilize Your iPhone's Incredible Processor You’ll Never Guess What The Most-Shared Story Was On Facebook In February Wolfgang Puck Impressed His First Boss—And Built A Career From It President Donald Trump In A Minute How One Modeling Agency Is Diversifying The Runway You Can Land A Drone On This Vehicle--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Why This Psychedelic Drug Is Drawing Entrepreneurs To Peru How Diversifying Barbie's Look Dramatically Increased Sales Why This Bento Box Of Clothing May Be A Woman's Answer To Getting Dressed For Work These Companies Are Making Political Statements—But Staying True to Their Customers How Working With Youth Keeps Phillipe Cousteau Innovative Here's What Uber Needs To Do To Fix Their Broken Culture Netflix Wants To Be Your Personal Trainer--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Three Things You Might Not Know About Snap's Big IPO More Stories TV With Animation In Her Blood, Claire Keane Is Ready To Bring Disney’s “Tangled” To TV Technology Did People Suffer For Your Cotton Shirt? DNA Tagging Lets You Track Its Origins Movies The First Look At “Death Note” Is Amazing (If You Don’t Dwell On The Casting) Entertainment “Porn Today Is Sex Education”: Netflix’s “Hot Girls Wanted” Returns Ideas Ideas Some News From Your Friends At Co.Exist Ideas In India, 1,000 Villages Will Become Free Internet Hotspots Science Pharmacies Often Fail To Warn Customers About Dangerous Drug Interactions Entertainment Movies The First Look At “Death Note” Is Amazing (If You Don’t Dwell On The Casting) Movies “Porn Today Is Sex Education”: Netflix’s “Hot Girls Wanted” Returns TV Here’s Everything You Need To Know Before You Watch Dave Chappelle’s Netflix Specials Co.Design What Would The World Look Like Without Highways? This Designer Mapped It Spaces How 5 Chief Resiliency Officers Are Preparing For The Next 50 Years Interactive The Sexy, Scary Play That’s Influencing Google, Facebook, And Disney Fast Company TV With Animation In Her Blood, Claire Keane Is Ready To Bring Disney’s “Tangled” To TV Video Americans Are Becoming Increasingly Unhappy, According To The Global Happiness Report Sustainability How L’Oréal Is Turning Itself Into A Sustainability Leader Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Amazon's Latest Move in Grocery Is Nothing New Amazon is planning to open its own grocery pickup kiosks, but the initiative seems hardly differentiated from what Wal-Mart and Kroger have been doing for years. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Mar 19, 2017 at 7:31PM Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) is taking another step into grocery retail. After aggressively expanding its AmazonFresh delivery service and lowering its price last year, the company unveiled a new cashier-less prototype of a store called Amazon Go in Seattle last December. Now, Amazon is taking the next step into the industry with plans to open two grocery pick-up locations, also in Seattle, according to documents revealed by Geekwire. Image source: AmazonFresh Twitter Page The tech news website showed permits indicating that the e-commerce giant is seeking to open two "AmazonFresh Pickup" location in the SoDo and Ballard neighborhoods soon. According to signage, the stores offer customers the ability to "Shop online" and "Pick up here." The signs also say, "Relax while we load your groceries." The holy grocery grail Amazon has had its eye on the grocery industry for years since it first launched AmazonFresh in 2007. The company moved slowly, only operating Fresh in Seattle for several years, but expanded rapidly last year and now offers the grocery delivery service in more than 15 metropolitan areas. It's clear why Amazon is angling for a piece of the grocery market. Grocery store sales totaled $631.3 billion last year, one of the biggest retail categories and almost as much as from general merchandise stores, which hit $668.3 billion. Unlike chains like Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), Costco, and even Target, which all derive a significant percentage of their sales from groceries, Amazon has only begun to penetrate the huge market. Groceries present singular problems for an e-commerce company like Amazon. Fresh produce, meat, dairy, and frozen foods can't sit out in the hot sun like the average Amazon delivery can, so the company needs to coordinate with customers to ensure they're home to receive their deliveries, or delivery them in packaging that will keep at temperature. Amazon also needs specialized trucks and facilities that will also keep foods fresh. Those challenges may explain why the company is increasingly turning toward brick-and-mortar stores to break into the delivery market with its new Amazon Go store and the upcoming pickup locations. The Wall Street Journal also reported last fall that Amazon was aiming to open as many as 2,000 grocery stores nationwide over the next ten years. However, Amazon denied that report. Late to the party Amazon is known for innovation, and though its new pickup sites may seem novel, they are not much different from what rivals like Wal-Mart and Kroger (NYSE:KR) are already doing at hundreds of stores. Wal-Mart introduced its own grocery pickup program in 2014, and has ramped it up quickly; the world's largest retailer expects to have pick-up kiosks at nearly 1,000 stores by the end of this year. Wal-Mart's dedication to expanding the program is a sign of its success, as the company's scaled back on opening new stores to make investments in programs like grocery pickup. Grocery pickup has also been a significant driver of the company's own e-commerce growth. The grocery segment makes up more than half of revenue at U.S. Wal-Marts, so it's key that the company defends its leadership from rivals like Amazon. Image source: Wal-Mart. Kroger, the nation's biggest traditional grocer, now offers its own grocery pickup service, ClickList, at more than 500 stores nationwide, and is also rapidly expanding it, as its management, like Wal-Mart's, has found an overwhelmingly positive response from consumers. Unlike Wal-Mart's service, which is free, ClickList costs $4.95 per shopping trip. The details of Amazon's new pickup service are unclear, as the company has yet to make an announcement about it. We don't know, for instance, it there will be a pickup fee; if the program will be exclusively for Prime members or open to all customers; or if there will be any bonuses or perks to the service. As it stands now, Amazon has given Wal-Mart and Kroger a big head start in grocery pickup, and those two retailers have a built-in advantage with thousands of stores that can easily host pickup kiosks. Amazon, on the other hand, needs to find and convert new real estate each time it wishes to open a new pick-up station. The economics of a store that customers can't actually shop in may be questionable as well.  Though the technology behind Amazon Go is potentially groundbreaking, the initial reports of Amazon Fresh Pickup seem like more of a me-too service. Investors won't get to make a full assessment until Amazon unveils it, but for now, the advantage in grocery seems squarely with Wal-Mart and Kroger. Jeremy Bowman owns shares of Kroger. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Mar 19, 2017 at 7:31PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.25 no change (0.00%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $848.06 no change (0.00%) Target NYSE:TGT $53.58 no change (0.00%) Kroger NYSE:KR $28.96 no change (0.00%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $167.68 no change (0.00%) Read More A Foolish Take: Amazon's Robot Army Amazon Forced to Backtrack on Free Shipping Minimum Amazon Prime Instant Video Is a Huge Loss Leader To Challenge Amazon, Wal-Mart Should Follow Lyft's Example Here's What Amazon Actually Plans for Physical Stores Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 40-57 We set you thinking Thursday 23 March 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World - 1490275025 Singapore Healthway gets a S$70 million lifeline 1490274720 World Fierce clashes persist in Syria ahead of renewed peace talks 1490272753 World U.S.-Israeli teen arrested in Israel over bomb threats to Jewish centers 1490273692 World Anti-immigrant Sweden Democrats move into second place in polls 1490273132 World Islamic State claims responsibility for British parliament attack 1490272166 World Ukraine president: former MP killing was Russian 'state terrorism' 1490270992 World EU support among Germans reaches 25-year high, survey shows 1490271573 World EU says summons Turkish ambassador over Erdogan comments 1490273590 World 'Worst is yet to come' with 400,000 trapped in west Mosul: U.N. 1490270498 World Exiled former Russian lawmaker shot dead in Kiev: police 1490270394 World Kremlin says Ukrainian claims of Russian hand in ex-MP's murder are 'absurd' 1490271426 Business J&J latest to suspend ads from YouTube over offensive videos 1490273877 Business Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy 1490273187 Business Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' Qatari cashcall probe 1490272630 Business Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong 1490272475 World French national kidnapped in Chad, say military and security sources 1490271535 Business Diamond group De Beers buys out retail partner LVMH 1490271884 World UK parliament attacker British-born, had been investigated over extremism concerns 1490273184 Business Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout 1490272705 Business Akzo Nobel CEO: won't meet with PPG to talk about bid 1490271330 Business S’pore most competitive economy in Asia yet again: Boao Forum report 1490273814 World Islamic State claims responsibility for British parliament attack 1490268960 Lifestyle Search and rescue training, modified for fitness’ sake 1490256420 Entertainment Singapore singer teams up with New York-based producer for new song 1490260920 Entertainment ‘An award is an award’: Michelle Chong 1490254860 Sports LaLiga plans Asia domination 1490271120 Business Auto financing goes online for tech savvy car buyers 1490263620 Lifestyle Beer market to be featured at Artbox Singapore 1490265960 Entertainment Rocking S’pore hard, with orchestras  and electric guitars 1490179920 Daily Focus Smartphone device can test sperm quality 1490231760 Singapore A ‘Singapore standard’ hospital in Vietnam for women, children 1490212920 China&India Food safety authority orders Hong Kong supermarket to pull baby formula from shelves for low iodine levels 1490148360 Singapore HK to charge shipping firm, captain over lack of Terrex transport licence 1490180760 Singapore 2016 hottest year in S’pore, overall rainfall less than normal 1490266740 World France's Le Pen to visit Moscow on Friday: Russian lawmaker 1490269615 World Dutch Green Left to participate in coalition talks 1490268613 World London attack won't delay start of Brexit talks: PM May's spokesman 1490268984 World London attacker was British-born, known to intelligence services: May 1490267989 World Suspected Indonesian radical killed in counter-terrorism operation 1490267874 World China says hopes new Japanese carrier doesn't mark return to militarism 1490266977 Business As Trump targets energy rules, oil companies downplay their impact 1490267236 Business Shell reluctant to part with California refinery amid asset sale 1490270169 World 'What a mad world' says minister who tried to save wounded officer in parliament 1490269065 World Vienna Airport appeals against ban on expansion 1490269989 Business Oil up from four-month lows, inventories curb recovery 1490268552 Singapore No reports of Singaporeans injured in London attack; Ministers urge vigilance 1490224620 China&India Kindergartners in China hospitalised after being given antipsychotic medication 1490269560 Singapore 2 teens charged with housebreaking; investigations ongoing for thefts from rented Airbnb apartment 1490242500 Entertainment Visionary artistic director appointed for S’pore International Festival Of Arts 1490267818 Business Wal-Mart to launch investment arm in e-commerce push mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 8:10 AM, March 21, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world's largest retailer, will launch its first investment arm to expand its e-commerce business in partnership with retail start-ups, venture capitalists and entrepreneurs, the company said on Monday. The plan is being spearheaded by Marc Lore, Wal-Mart's e-commerce chief, who joined the Bentonville, Arkansas-based company from retail upstart Jet.com, which it acquired for more than $3 billion in August. Since then, Wal-Mart has acquired three small web retailers to add urban and millennial shoppers. The venture, called Store No. 8, will work with startups that specialize in areas that include robotics, virtual and augmented reality, machine learning and artificial intelligence, Lore said at Shoptalk, a retail conference in New York. It will be based in California's Silicon Valley, he added. Wal-Mart will keep the startups separate from the broader organization so that they will not affect the retailer's bottom line in the near term, Seth Beal, senior vice-president, incubation and strategic partnerships, said in an interview. He declined to give a timeframe for the launch. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘America First’ policy forces rethink of China-EU trade ties ‘Ability to adapt to new roles key to survival in new economy’ World stocks touch record high, dollar decline deepens With Sears' future in doubt, vendors begin pulling back Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push Wells Fargo CEO receives pay bump despite sales scandal Wells Fargo banks on new ad campaign to regain customer trust Walmart announces plan to invest $800 million in Chile Wall Street should avoid cutting foreign bank ties: U.S. regulator Wall Street ends sharply lower on fears of tax cut delays Inside Today World - EU support among Germans reaches 25-year high, survey shows French national kidnapped in Chad, say military and security sources Kremlin says Ukrainian claims of Russian hand in ex-MP's murder are 'absurd' Ukraine president: former MP killing was Russian 'state terrorism' Business S’pore most competitive economy in Asia yet again: Boao Forum report Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Diamond group De Beers buys out retail partner LVMH Shell reluctant to part with California refinery amid asset sale Oil up from four-month lows, inventories curb recovery Sports LaLiga plans Asia domination Search and rescue training, modified for fitness’ sake Pennefather joins Bill Ng’s team for FAS elections Bill Ng hits back at controversial remarks Lim-Prasad, Walton launch their shoe donation campaign for needy youth Entertainment Visionary artistic director appointed for S’pore International Festival Of Arts Singapore singer teams up with New York-based producer for new song ‘An award is an award’: Michelle Chong ‘Power Rangers’: A superhero movie too far? Rocking S’pore hard, with orchestras  and electric guitars About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Weather Watchers Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Report It Community Community Events Community Resources Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Contests Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Obituaries 23° F Few Clouds Hi: 46° F Lo: 35° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines Hold that swat! Bee makes endangered species list 6:37 am This particular bee is the latest in a growing list of threatened pollinators with big implications for what we eat. Free blood tests in Warren 8:11 am The Warren City Health Department and Mercy Health will give free blood tests Thursday, Authorities: Woman admits breaking into Amish homes in northeast Ohio 8:03 am Ohioans’ vehicle registration fee could be hiked 300 percent March 22, 2017 Area Congressmen split on vote for Trump’s health care plan March 22, 2017 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Weather Watchers Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 23° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 16° F Wind: ESE 6 Humidity: 68% Dewpoint: 14° F Sunrise: 7:20 AM Sunset: 7:38 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Latest Headlines Kennedy Catholic brings championship experience to state final March 22, 2017 Four of Kennedy Catholic’s victories this season came against fellow state finalists. 2017 Fitch Softball Preview March 22, 2017 Coach Steve Ward returns a ton of talent from last year’s team. Harding’s Bowden named Special Mention All-Ohio March 22, 2017 Kennedy Catholic gets big send-off before championship game March 22, 2017 Kennedy Catholic eyes eighth state title March 21, 2017 Report It Community Community Events Community Resources Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Contests Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Obituaries Search for: Search the site 23° F Few Clouds Hi: 46° F Lo: 35° F Austintown crime activity: Man charged with throwing table at woman Police investigated the following incidents in Austintown from March 12-19 By WKBN Staff Published: March 20, 2017, 7:56 pm Updated: March 21, 2017, 10:15 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Related Coverage Austintown crime activity: 2 arrested during undercover sex sting Austintown crime activity: Bounty hunters track suspect to township Austintown crime activity: Man’s car struck by gunfire at bar Sunday, March 12 11:11 a.m. – 100 block of S. Main St., Darin Hover, 41, arrested and charged with domestic violence. A woman told police that Hover threw a plastic table at her that had a hot cup of coffee on it. She said he then threw her to the ground and punched her in the back of the head several times. Hover was taken to the hospital for an evaluation due to what police called aggressive behavior. Monday, March 13 2:03 p.m. – 5500 block of Cerni Place, reported theft from a vehicle at the Candlewood Suites. Tuesday, March 14 1:19 p.m. – 100 block of Carnegie Ave., report of criminal trespassing. Wednesday, March 15 4:19 p.m. – 6000 block of Mahoning Ave., Warren Willis, Jr., 59, arrested on a warrant and charged with theft. An employee at Walmart said Willis stole a lock set by hiding it in his coat. The employee said Willis then immediately reentered the store and tried to return the lock set for cash. Thursday, March 16 7:40 a.m. – 100 block of Westminster Ave., reported drug overdose. Police said evidence was recovered and the victim was taken to St. Elizabeth Health Center. 3:32 p.m. – 6000 block of Mahoning Ave., Amanda L. Smith, 35, of Niles, charged with theft. An employee at Walmart said Smith didn’t scan several items in the self-checkout register. Saturday, March 18 1:07 a.m. – Route 46 and Interstate 80, Michael Pence, of Girard, charged with driving while under the influence of drugs or alcohol, right of way and drug abuse. 1:46 a.m. – Four Mile Run Road and Oakwood Avenue, John Blanche, Jr., of Youngstown, charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol or drugs (refusal), marked lanes and seat belt. 4:05 a.m. – Wilcox Road and Fairview Road, Matthew Hodge, of Struthers, charged with driving while under the influence of alcohol or drugs (refusal) and failure to control. 12:56 p.m. – 5200 block of Seventy-Six Drive, a person was taken to the hospital after a suspected drug overdose at the Super 8 Motel. 6:27 p.m. – 6100 block of New Rd., credit and debit cards stolen from vehicle. Sunday, March 19 3:19 a.m. – 100 block of S. Four Mile Run Rd., police were called to investigate the circumstances leading to the shooting of a man in Austintown. Police said it was reported that the shooting happened outside of Club Pandora. A witness said he heard a commotion and gunshots in the parking lot of the Carpet Shop. The man had a gunshot wound to his shoulder but was expected to be okay. 7:34 a.m. – 4700 block of Norquest Blvd., thefts from two unlocked vehicles. 12:27 p.m. – 4800 block of Norquest Blvd., reported breaking and entering of an unattached garage. Hunting gear was reported stolen. Disclaimer: The following reports do not reflect the total activities or calls received by the Austintown Police Department. . Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Youngstown crime activity: Loaded handgun found in crib during raid Austintown crime activity: 2 arrested during undercover sex sting Niles crime activity: Woman arrested after found in tent behind home Boardman crime activity: Woman charged for pepper spray fight at Hair Depot Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Luke Sharrett/Bloomberg Wal-Mart Unveils ‘Store No. 8’ Tech Incubator in Silicon Valley by Spencer Soper @spencersoper More stories by Spencer Soper March 20, 2017, 6:01 PM EDT March 20, 2017, 6:40 PM EDT Focus will be on virtual reality and automated delivery Jet’s Lore is leading overhaul of retailer’s e-commerce team Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is creating a technology-startup incubator in Silicon Valley to identify changes that will reshape the retail experience, including virtual reality, autonomous vehicle and drone delivery and personalized shopping. The incubator will be called Store No. 8, a reference to a Wal-Mart location where the company experimented with new store layouts. Marc Lore, chief executive officer of Wal-Mart’s e-commerce operations, announced the incubator Monday at the ShopTalk conference in Las Vegas. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up The world’s biggest retailer has been overhauling its online team to better challenge Amazon.com Inc. with greater selection and lower prices. Lore founded Jet.com, which Wal-Mart purchased in September for about $3.3 billion in pursuit of Amazon in the e-commerce race. Lore said Wal-Mart has an advantage over "pure play" e-commerce companies because of its large network of stores that attract shoppers for such items as fresh food. "Every day, I become more and more convinced about the omnichannel advantage," Lore said, referring to a sales strategy that combines online and in-store shopping. Store No. 8 is the latest example of Lore’s influence on Wal-Mart. In January, Lore announced management changes and a new incubation and strategic-partnerships division, to be led by Seth Beal. Lore gave more details about the division, including its name and areas of focus, at the conference on Monday. The incubator will partner with startups, venture capitalists and academics to promote innovation in robotics, virtual and augmented reality, machine learning and artificial intelligence, according to Wal-Mart. The goal is to have a fast-moving, separate entity to identify emerging technologies that can be developed and used across Wal-Mart. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart to launch investment arm in e-commerce push By Reuters Published: 19:43 EDT, 20 March 2017 | Updated: 19:43 EDT, 20 March 2017 e-mail By Nandita Bose March 20 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the world's largest retailer, will launch its first investment arm to expand its e-commerce business in partnership with retail start-ups, venture capitalists and entrepreneurs, the company said on Monday. The plan is being spearheaded by Marc Lore, Wal-Mart's e-commerce chief, who joined the Bentonville, Arkansas-based company from retail upstart Jet.com, which it acquired for more than $3 billion in August. Since then, Wal-Mart has acquired three small web retailers to add urban and millennial shoppers. The venture, called Store No. 8, will work with startups that specialize in areas that include robotics, virtual and augmented reality, machine learning and artificial intelligence, Lore said at Shoptalk, a retail conference in New York. It will be based in California's Silicon Valley, he added. Wal-Mart will keep the startups separate from the broader organization so that they will not affect the retailer's bottom line in the near term, Seth Beal, senior vice-president, incubation and strategic partnerships, said in an interview. He declined to give a timeframe for the launch. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Editing by Richard Chang) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives How building the border wall would increase offshore drug flow City expected to oppose radioactive transit through area Kevin Wolff pleads ‘no contest’ to DWI charge Homemade fly repellent inspires Artpace artist Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace BCSO: Suspect pinned in vehicle after high-speed chase ends in Woman injured during fight at U.S. 281 vigil Disability rights group fights back against GOP health care City expected to oppose radioactive transit through area US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Former Russian lawmaker shot dead in Ukraine Officer, 3 others fatally shot in Wisconsin domestic dispute Le Pen visits Russia weeks before French presidential vote Man arrested after abducted woman escapes from trunk Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases South Texas school board approves $1.2 billion in tax breaks for SeaWorld San Antonio rebrands park with new roller coaster, Cattle and pork producers say US ill-prepared against Santikos sells 81 acres of vacant land on far West Side Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Legendary Texas QB Colt McCoy won't wear his Longhorns gear Wednesday’s high school baseball, softball results Spurs out to prove misfortune against Memphis just a fluke Report: KD could be back in Warriors' lineup by end of regular Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate E-N launches ‘Top 100 Dining & Drinks’ guide with tasting 10 'can't miss' culinary experiences from San Antonio's 'Iron Review: A Spanish bullseye at Toro Kitchen in Stone Oak Hip crowd heads south to Gold Bar Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties 29 fun things to see and do this weekend in San Antonio Homemade fly repellent inspires Artpace artist Two San Antonio stars land thrilling new TV series Never-before-seen photos of Rolling Stones on display in San Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Controversial ‘Girlie Glue’ allows parents to stick that bow 20 years ago: The Selena movie cast then & now The Guadalupe plans free encore of Emma Tenayuca musical Friday Trump family gives peek into the renewed life of rescued San Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla R.I.P., Berry, our great rock laureate Your Turn: March 23 Trump budget bad for America We’ve lost our unifying Exodus story Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Mitsubishi’s 2017 Outlander crossover has lots of technology Alfa Romeo is back, and the Giulia Quadrifoglio is 2017’s top Ford’s full-size Expedition SUV to receive a total makeover Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features Retirement dreams fizzle for some with 'Obamacare' repeal New Trump hotels face political fights, ethics questions Already in peril, rural hospitals unsure on health care bill Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/business/local/article/Forbes-Texas-billionaires-total-50-San-Antonio-4-11015381.php Forbes: Texas billionaires total 50, San Antonio 4 By David Hendricks Updated 10:43 am, Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Photo: Express-News File Photo Image 1of/41 Caption Close Image 1 of 41 Silver Ventures owner Christopher “Kit” Goldsbury of San Antonio is the 1,290th richest in the world. Net worth: $1.6 billion. Silver Ventures owner Christopher “Kit” Goldsbury of San Antonio is the 1,290th richest in the world. Net worth: $1.6 billion. Photo: Express-News File Photo Image 2 of 41 Red McCombs of San Antonio is the 1,290th richest in the world. Net worth: $1.6 billion Red McCombs of San Antonio is the 1,290th richest in the world. Net worth: $1.6 billion Photo: Lisa Krants / San Antonio Express-News Image 3 of 41 Oil and gas driller Rodney Lewis ranks No. 1,376. Net worth: $1.5 billion Oil and gas driller Rodney Lewis ranks No. 1,376. Net worth: $1.5 billion Photo: Courtesy Photo Image 4 of 41 James Leininger, 71, founder of Kinetic Concepts Inc. that is now owned by Apax Partners, is ranked at No. 1,567. Net worth: $1.3 billion James Leininger, 71, founder of Kinetic Concepts Inc. that is now owned by Apax Partners, is ranked at No. 1,567. Net worth: $1.3 billion Photo: Associated Press File Photo Image 5 of 41 Keep clicking to see the Texans on Forbes' list of richest billionaires. Keep clicking to see the Texans on Forbes' list of richest billionaires. Photo: File Photos Image 6 of 41 Brian Sheth Net worth in 2017: $1.1 billion Rank in 2017: #1795 Source of wealth: investments Source: Forbes Brian Sheth Net worth in 2017: $1.1 billion Rank in 2017: #1795 Source of wealth: investments Source: Forbes Photo: Rebecca Sapp/WireImage Image 7 of 41 Darwin Deason Net worth in 2017: $1.2 billion Rank in 2017: #1678 Source of wealth: Xerox Source: Forbes Darwin Deason Net worth in 2017: $1.2 billion Rank in 2017: #1678 Source of wealth: Xerox Source: Forbes Photo: Douglas Healey / AP Image 8 of 41 Dan Wilks  Net worth in 2017: $1.3 billion Rank in 2017: #1567 Source of wealth: natural gas Source: Forbes Dan Wilks  Net worth in 2017: $1.3 billion Rank in 2017: #1567 Source of wealth: natural gas Source: Forbes Photo: Ronald W. Erdrich, Staff Photojournalist Image 9 of 41 Dan Wilks Net worth in 2017: $1.3 billion Rank in 2017: #1567 Source of wealth: natural gas Source: Forbes Dan Wilks Net worth in 2017: $1.3 billion Rank in 2017: #1567 Source of wealth: natural gas Source: Forbes Image 10 of 41 Bryan Sheffield (right) Net worth in 2017: $1.3 billion Rank in 2017: #1567 Source of wealth: oil & gas Source: Forbes Bryan Sheffield (right) Net worth in 2017: $1.3 billion Rank in 2017: #1567 Source of wealth: oil & gas Source: Forbes Photo: Tim Fischer Image 11 of 41 James Leininger Net worth in 2017: $1.3 billion Rank in 2017: #1567 Source of wealth: medical products Source: Forbes James Leininger Net worth in 2017: $1.3 billion Rank in 2017: #1567 Source of wealth: medical products Source: Forbes Photo: Associated Press File Photo Image 12 of 41 Kenny Troutt (center) Net worth in 2017: $1.4 billion Rank in 2017: #1468 Source of wealth: telecom Source: Forbes Kenny Troutt (center) Net worth in 2017: $1.4 billion Rank in 2017: #1468 Source of wealth: telecom Source: Forbes Image 13 of 41 Paul Foster Net worth in 2017: $1.4 billion Rank in 2017: #1468 Source of wealth: oil refining Source: Forbes Paul Foster Net worth in 2017: $1.4 billion Rank in 2017: #1468 Source of wealth: oil refining Source: Forbes Photo: VICTOR CALZADA, AP Image 14 of 41 Rodney Lewis Net worth in 2017: $1.5 billion Rank in 2017: #1376 Source of wealth: natural gas Source: Forbes Rodney Lewis Net worth in 2017: $1.5 billion Rank in 2017: #1376 Source of wealth: natural gas Source: Forbes Photo: Paul Bowen, Courtesy Photo Image 15 of 41 Fayez Sarofim Net worth in 2017: $1.6 billion Rank in 2017: #1290 Source of wealth: money management Source: Forbes Fayez Sarofim Net worth in 2017: $1.6 billion Rank in 2017: #1290 Source of wealth: money management Source: Forbes Photo: Gary Fountain, Gary Fountain/For The Chronicle Image 16 of 41 Leslie Alexander Net worth in 2017: $1.9 billion Rank in 2017: #1098 Source of wealth: Houston Rockets Source: Forbes Leslie Alexander Net worth in 2017: $1.9 billion Rank in 2017: #1098 Source of wealth: Houston Rockets Source: Forbes Photo: Karen Warren, Houston Chronicle Image 17 of 41 Sid Bass, Fort Worth Net worth in 2017: $2.8 billion Rank in 2017: #717 Source of wealth: oil, investments Source: Forbes Sid Bass, Fort Worth Net worth in 2017: $2.8 billion Rank in 2017: #717 Source of wealth: oil, investments Source: Forbes Photo: Max Faulkner, MBI Image 18 of 41 Tillman Fertitta, Houston Net worth in 2016: $2.9 billion Rank in 2017: #693 Source of wealth: restaurants, casinos Source: Forbes Tillman Fertitta, Houston Net worth in 2016: $2.9 billion Rank in 2017: #693 Source of wealth: restaurants, casinos Source: Forbes Image 19 of 41 Lee Bass, Fort Worth Net worth in 2017: $2.9 billion Rank in 2017: #693 Source of wealth: oil, investments Source: Forbes Lee Bass, Fort Worth Net worth in 2017: $2.9 billion Rank in 2017: #693 Source of wealth: oil, investments Source: Forbes Photo: Eric Gay, AP Image 20 of 41 (tie) 19. Edward Bass, Fort Worth Net worth in 2016: $2.5 billion Rank in 2016: #688 Net worth in 2017: $3 billion Rank in 2017: #660 Source of wealth: oil, investments Source: Forbes (tie) 19. Edward Bass, Fort Worth Net worth in 2016: $2.5 billion Rank in 2016: #688 Net worth in 2017: $3 billion Rank in 2017: #660 Source of wealth: oil, investments Source: Forbes Photo: Barry Brecheisen, Getty Images Image 21 of 41 (tie) 19. John Arnold, Houston  Net worth in 2016: $2.5 billion Rank in 2016: #688 Net worth in 2017: $3 billion Rank in 2017: #660 Source of wealth: hedge funds Source: Forbes (tie) 19. John Arnold, Houston  Net worth in 2016: $2.5 billion Rank in 2016: #688 Net worth in 2017: $3 billion Rank in 2017: #660 Source of wealth: hedge funds Source: Forbes Photo: David Rossman, Dave Rossman / For The Chronicle Image 22 of 41 18. John Paul Dejoria, Austin Net worth in 2016: $2.9 billion Rank in 2016: #595 Net worth in 2017: $3.1 billion Rank in 2017: #630 Source of wealth: hair products, tequila Source: Forbes 18. John Paul Dejoria, Austin Net worth in 2016: $2.9 billion Rank in 2016: #595 Net worth in 2017: $3.1 billion Rank in 2017: #630 Source of wealth: hair products, tequila Source: Forbes Photo: Michael Buckner, Getty Images For SXSW Image 23 of 41 17. Mark Cuban, Dallas Net worth in 2016: $3.2 billion Rank in 2016: #527 Net worth in 2017: $3.4 billion Rank in 2017: #564 Source of wealth: online media Source: Forbes 17. Mark Cuban, Dallas Net worth in 2016: $3.2 billion Rank in 2016: #527 Net worth in 2017: $3.4 billion Rank in 2017: #564 Source of wealth: online media Source: Forbes Photo: Helga Esteb / Shutterstock.com Image 24 of 41 16. Robert McNair, Houston   Net worth in 2016: $3.3 billion Rank in 2016: #495 Net worth in 2017: $3.5 billion Rank in 2017: #544 Source of wealth: energy, sports Source: Forbes 16. Robert McNair, Houston   Net worth in 2016: $3.3 billion Rank in 2016: #495 Net worth in 2017: $3.5 billion Rank in 2017: #544 Source of wealth: energy, sports Source: Forbes Photo: 2007 Getty Images Image 25 of 41 15. Dan Friedkin, Houston Net worth in 2016: $3.5 billion Rank in 2016: #453 Net worth in 2017: $3.6 billion Rank in 2017: #522 Source of wealth: Toyota dealerships Source: Forbes 15. Dan Friedkin, Houston Net worth in 2016: $3.5 billion Rank in 2016: #453 Net worth in 2017: $3.6 billion Rank in 2017: #522 Source of wealth: Toyota dealerships Source: Forbes Photo: Company Photo, Gulf States Toyota Image 26 of 41 14. H. Ross Perot, Sr., Dallas Net worth in 2016: $3.8 billion Rank in 2016: #403 Net worth in 2017: $4 billion Rank in 2017: #441 Source of wealth: computer services, real estate Source: Forbes 14. H. Ross Perot, Sr., Dallas Net worth in 2016: $3.8 billion Rank in 2016: #403 Net worth in 2017: $4 billion Rank in 2017: #441 Source of wealth: computer services, real estate Source: Forbes Photo: Bruce Smith, STF / Associated Press Image 27 of 41 13. Jeffery Hildebrand, Houston Net worth in 2016: $4.2 billion Rank in 2016: #358 Net worth in 2017: $4.3 billion Rank in 2017: #402 Source of wealth: oil Source: Forbes 13. Jeffery Hildebrand, Houston Net worth in 2016: $4.2 billion Rank in 2016: #358 Net worth in 2017: $4.3 billion Rank in 2017: #402 Source of wealth: oil Source: Forbes Image 28 of 41 12. Kelcy Warren, Dallas  Net worth in 2016: $1.7 billion Rank in 2016: #1067 Net worth in 2017: $4.5 billion Rank in 2017: #367 Source of wealth: pipelines Source: Forbes 12. Kelcy Warren, Dallas  Net worth in 2016: $1.7 billion Rank in 2016: #1067 Net worth in 2017: $4.5 billion Rank in 2017: #367 Source of wealth: pipelines Source: Forbes Photo: GUIDE LIVE_NGL Image 29 of 41 11. Ray Lee Hunt, Dallas Net worth in 2016: $5.3 billion Rank in 2016: #248 Net worth in 2017: $4.8 billion Rank in 2017: #339 Source of wealth: oil, real estate Source: Forbes 11. Ray Lee Hunt, Dallas Net worth in 2016: $5.3 billion Rank in 2016: #248 Net worth in 2017: $4.8 billion Rank in 2017: #339 Source of wealth: oil, real estate Source: Forbes Image 30 of 41 10. Jerry Jones, Dallas Net worth in 2016: $5 billion Rank in 2016: #270 Net worth in 2017: $5.2 billion Rank in 2017: #303 Source of wealth: Dallas Cowboys Source: Forbes 10. Jerry Jones, Dallas Net worth in 2016: $5 billion Rank in 2016: #270 Net worth in 2017: $5.2 billion Rank in 2017: #303 Source of wealth: Dallas Cowboys Source: Forbes Photo: Ron Jenkins /Associated Press Image 31 of 41 9. Trevor Rees-Jones, Dallas Net worth in 2016: $5.2 billion Rank in 2016: #258 Net worth in 2017: $5.3 billion Rank in 2017: #294 Source of wealth: oil and gas Source: Forbes 9. Trevor Rees-Jones, Dallas Net worth in 2016: $5.2 billion Rank in 2016: #258 Net worth in 2017: $5.3 billion Rank in 2017: #294 Source of wealth: oil and gas Source: Forbes Photo: MIKE MERGEN, BLOOMBERG NEWS Image 32 of 41 (tie) 8. Randa Williams, Houston  Net worth in 2016: $4.1 billion Rank in 2016: #369 Net worth in 2017: $5.7 billion Rank in 2017: #261 Source of wealth: pipelines Source: Forbes (tie) 8. Randa Williams, Houston  Net worth in 2016: $4.1 billion Rank in 2016: #369 Net worth in 2017: $5.7 billion Rank in 2017: #261 Source of wealth: pipelines Source: Forbes Photo: Dave Rossman, For The Chronicle Image 33 of 41 (tie) 8. Milane Frantz, Houston Net worth in 2016: $4.1 billion Rank in 2016: #369 Net worth in 2017: $5.7 billion Rank in 2017: #261 Source of wealth: pipelines Source: Forbes (tie) 8. Milane Frantz, Houston Net worth in 2016: $4.1 billion Rank in 2016: #369 Net worth in 2017: $5.7 billion Rank in 2017: #261 Source of wealth: pipelines Source: Forbes Image 34 of 41 7. Scott Duncan (son of Dan Duncan - pictured), Houston Net worth in 2016: $4.1 billion Rank in 2016: #369 Net worth in 2017: $5.7 billion Rank in 2017: #261 Source of wealth: pipelines Source: Forbes 7. Scott Duncan (son of Dan Duncan - pictured), Houston Net worth in 2016: $4.1 billion Rank in 2016: #369 Net worth in 2017: $5.7 billion Rank in 2017: #261 Source of wealth: pipelines Source: Forbes Photo: Thomas B. Shea Image 35 of 41 6. Dannine Avara, Houston Net worth in 2016: $4.1 billion Rank in 2016: #369 Net worth in 2017: $5.7 billion Rank in 2017: #261 Source of wealth: pipelines Source: Forbes 6. Dannine Avara, Houston Net worth in 2016: $4.1 billion Rank in 2016: #369 Net worth in 2017: $5.7 billion Rank in 2017: #261 Source of wealth: pipelines Source: Forbes Photo: BRETT COOMER /SPECIAL TO THE CHRONICLE Image 36 of 41 5. Robert Rowling, Dallas Net worth in 2016: $4.9 billion Rank in 2016: #286 Net worth in 2017: $6.2 billion Rank in 2017: #234 Source of wealth: investments Source: Forbes 5. Robert Rowling, Dallas Net worth in 2016: $4.9 billion Rank in 2016: #286 Net worth in 2017: $6.2 billion Rank in 2017: #234 Source of wealth: investments Source: Forbes Photo: /COURTESY UT SYSTEM Image 37 of 41 4. Richard Kinder, Houston Net worth in 2016: $5.4 billion Rank in 2016: #240 Net worth in 2017: $7.2 billion Rank in 2017: #194 Source of wealth: pipelines Source: Forbes 4. Richard Kinder, Houston Net worth in 2016: $5.4 billion Rank in 2016: #240 Net worth in 2017: $7.2 billion Rank in 2017: #194 Source of wealth: pipelines Source: Forbes Photo: Billy Smith II, Chronicle Image 38 of 41 3. Andrew Beal, Dallas Net worth in 2016: $9.4 billion Rank in 2016: #115 Net worth in 2017: $10.4 billion Rank in 2017: #127 Source of wealth: banks, real estate Source: Forbes 3. Andrew Beal, Dallas Net worth in 2016: $9.4 billion Rank in 2016: #115 Net worth in 2017: $10.4 billion Rank in 2017: #127 Source of wealth: banks, real estate Source: Forbes Photo: Stephen Reed, Allie Beth Allman Image 39 of 41 2. Michael Dell, Austin Net worth in 2016: $19.8 billion Rank in 2016: #35 Net worth in 2017: $20.4 billion Rank in 2017: #38 Source of wealth: Dell Source: Forbes 2. Michael Dell, Austin Net worth in 2016: $19.8 billion Rank in 2016: #35 Net worth in 2017: $20.4 billion Rank in 2017: #38 Source of wealth: Dell Source: Forbes Photo: Tom Pennington /Getty Images Image 40 of 41 1. Alice Walton, Fort Worth  Net worth in 2016: $32.3 billion Rank in 2016: #16 Net worth in 2017: $33.8 billion Rank in 2017: #17 Source of wealth: Wal-Mart Source: Forbes 1. Alice Walton, Fort Worth  Net worth in 2016: $32.3 billion Rank in 2016: #16 Net worth in 2017: $33.8 billion Rank in 2017: #17 Source of wealth: Wal-Mart Source: Forbes Photo: Beth Hall, Bloomberg Image 41 of 41 Forbes: Texas billionaires total 50, San Antonio 4 1 / 41 Back to Gallery Texas is home to 50 billionaires, led by Walmart heiress Alice Walton, 67, of Fort Worth with a net worth of $33.8 billion. Four billionaires are from San Antonio, according to Forbes magazine’s 2017 list of the world’s billionaires released on its website Monday. A record 2,043 billionaires made Forbes’ 31st annual ranking of the world’s billionaires, with Bill Gates remaining No. 1 for the fourth year in a row with a net worth of $86 billion. He’s now been the world’s richest person for 18 of the last 23 years. Among San Antonians, Silver Ventures owner Christopher “Kit” Goldsbury, 74, and investor B.J. “Red” McCombs, 89, are tied in the Forbes ranking at No. 1,290 in the world, each with a net worth of $1.6 billion. RELATED: Trump drops 220 spots on Forbes list of billionaires The Presidency doesn’t seem to be very lucrative for Donald Trump. The billionaire’s fortune has dropped significantly since he took office according to Forbes. Susana Victoria Perez (@susana_vp) has more. Media: Buzz60 Oil and gas driller Rodney Lewis, 63, is ranked at No. 1,376 with a net worth of $1.5 billion. James Leininger, 71, founder of Kinetic Concepts Inc. that is now owned by Apax Partners, is ranked at No. 1,567 with a net worth of $1.3 billion. H-E-B Chairman and CEO Charles Butt, 79, is not on the list for the second year in a row because the magazine switched him last year to its family wealth list that came out last June. At that time, the Butt family wealth was listed at the 23rd richest U.S. family with a net worth of $12.3 billion. Tom Benson, 89, of New Orleans is ranked at No. 782 with a net worth of $2.6 billion. Benson built some of his wealth in San Antonio with car dealerships and banking before moving to New Orleans in the 1980s after buying the NFL’s New Orleans Saints. He also owns the NBA’s New Orleans Pelicans. Other notable Texans on the list include Michael Dell, the second-richest Texan with a net worth of $20.4 billion. In terms of the global ranking, the richest Texans came in at No. 17 and No. 38, respectively. Richard Kinder kept the top spot among Houston’s richest, moving up to No. 194 from No. 240 last year. Kinder, who made his fortune in pipelines, gained 33 percent in his net wealth to $7.1 billion in 2017. RELATED: Forbes reveals the richest Texans of 2017 Several members of the Bass family also made the list, led by Robert Bass, coming in at No. 441 with a net worth of $4 billion. Texas team owners also made the ranks, with Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones at No. 303, with a net worth of $5.2 billion; Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban at No. 564, with $3.4 billion; and Houston Rockets owner Leslie Alexander at No. 1,098, with $1.9 billion. Tilman Fertitta, of the Landry’s restaurant empire, saw his wealth slip to $2.9 billion from $3 billion, moving him down in the ranking to No. 693 from No. 569. Warren Buffett reclaimed the No. 2 spot with a net worth of $75.6 billion. Jeff Bezos was the biggest gainer in this year’s ranking. His net worth increased by $27.6 billion, making him the third-richest person in the world with a fortune of $72.8 billion. dhendricks@express-news.net Express-News and Houston Chronicle staff writers contributed to this article. Breaking News SAPD: 2 dead in reported cutting in North Side subdivision BCSO: Suspect pinned in car after high-speed chase ends in crash One injured as fight erupts at vigil on U.S. 281 Man accused of fatally shooting S.A. woman in the head Islamic State claims London attack was carried out by a 'soldier' Trump Jr. called a 'disgrace' for criticizing London mayor The Latest Forbes: 3 Texans among richest team owners in the U.S. Top S.A. chef names 10 culinary experiences to try How drug cartels get U.S. guns into Mexico Texas mansion with gold vault hits market at $8M Photos: S. Korean ferry that sank 3 years ago lifted from sea SeaWorld rebrands park with new roller coaster 'It's like Yellowstone in Texas': bison arrive Trump family gives peek into the renewed life of rescued San... Oklahoma lawmaker charged with child prostitution resigns Rick Perry blasts election of Texas A&M's first gay SGA president 29 fun things to see and do this weekend in San Antonio The 'Selena' movie cast then & now 'Selena' offered Hollywood a lesson it still hasn't learned S.A. man working to build a Selena tribute Net reacts to South Padre fight caught on video S.A. woman catches installer 'sissy fight' Study: SPI ranks high in alcohol, drug selfies Site of famous western flick for sale in Texas The best Western films of all time Movies you need to see to understand Texas Rare photos: Rolling Stones rock S.A. Rock & Roll Rewind: The '70s Everyday life in 1970s Texas Recent Breaking News SAPD: Man stole 5 pairs of shoes, drugs after shooting... With $55K reward, family pleads for break in cold case murder... SAPD: Driver flees after striking road worker on Northwest Side Most Popular 1 Aftermath of South Padre spring break fight caught on video... 2 S.A. homeowner catches internet installer 'sissy fight' on... 3 Woman injured during fight at U.S. 281 vigil 4 Photos: 'American Ninja Warrior' course begins to take shape... 5 Kevin Wolff pleads ‘no contest’ to DWI charge 6 20 years ago: The Selena movie cast then & now 7 10 'can't miss' culinary experiences from San Antonio's 'Iron... Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    San Antonio Business news & alerts    Real Estate news & listings    Career news & job listings    Auto news & listings    Breaking news    Today's Deals from DealNews EMAIL: Click here to sign up for News, Sports and more Email Alerts. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Subscribe & Save 33% Off the cover price Subscribe Now Gift Subscription Subscription Services Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email March/April/May 2017 How an Obscure Obamacare Provision Is Quietly Saving Lives, and Money, in Missouri Patients with mental as well as physical illnesses are hard to treat. The Show-Me State has figured out a better, cheaper way, using funds from Obamacare. Will Republicans in Washington kill it? by Sheree Crute Magazine Theo Welling Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email About a decade ago, Pat Powers’s life began to spin “out of control,” as she puts it. Powers, a soft-spoken Missouri native, was stressed out from working at Walmart and two other part-time jobs to make ends meet. She was also suffering from diabetes and severe anxiety and depression. She found her way to Crider Health Center, in St. Charles, Missouri, west of St. Louis, a federally funded community health facility that provides a host of physical and mental health services to Medicaid patients like Powers, all under one roof. There, a psychiatrist, realizing that Powers could not juggle multiple jobs and hope to get better, got her onto disability as he worked to stabilize her mental health issues. A physician also prescribed medication for her diabetes. Yet despite the treatment, Powers still couldn’t tame what she called her “nervous breakdowns”—emotional storms that left her seeking help in Missouri emergency rooms. While she fought to regain her emotional stability, her diabetes only got worse. The problem was that the care Powers was receiving wasn’t well coordinated, and she wasn’t receiving the guidance and support she needed. Her psychiatrist and the doctor treating her diabetes weren’t communicating sufficiently, and no one knew whether she was taking her prescribed medications (it turns out that she wasn’t, at least not regularly). The management at Crider, which is part of the Compass Health Network, was aware of the lack of coordination, and like thousands of health care professionals around the country, they were seeking ways to fix it. But like any facility trying to survive on Medicaid’s penurious reimbursement rates, the funding wasn’t available to do much more. Meanwhile, the lack of investment in coordination was, ironically, costing taxpayers a bundle. In 2011 alone, Powers racked up more than $10,000 in care, primarily in emergency rooms. Powers is a member of a group with a dubious distinction: the “5/50” population, short for the 5 percent of patients who account for approximately 50 percent of the nation’s health care costs. These are people who typically suffer from two or more chronic, complex health conditions. (See Anna Gorman, “Home Remedy.”) Many are elderly. Some, like Powers, also have mental health issues that make treating their physical ailments especially challenging. “They could be hearing voices, they could be in a manic phase and not be able to focus,” Pam Haynes, a nurse care manager at Crider says of her patients. “Some people don’t understand, for example, that a piece of paper they are given by a doctor is a prescription and that you actually take that to a pharmacy…[They] might go back to the hospital in three days and say, ‘I’m still having the same problem. What am I supposed to do?’” Things began to turn around for Powers in 2012. That’s when Crider and twenty-five other community mental health centers around Missouri began to receive two years of enhanced federal funding to test integrated care for high-need Medicaid patients as part of Medicaid’s Section 2703, a provision of the Affordable Care Act. Section 2703 grants help health care providers defray the costs of becoming “health homes”—that is, organizations that offer a range of carefully integrated services, including clinical and behavioral health care, along with supportive social services—care thought to be particularly effective for high-need, high-cost patients like Pat Powers. Crider used its share of the funds to, among other things, hire and train nurse managers to help patients set goals and guide their care. It also brought in integrated care managers to help all of the health home’s various care providers—and often outside social service agencies—work in concert for every patient. Those social services might include home visits, and support addressing tough issues like homelessness, unemployment, and social isolation. In Powers’s case, health home care involved sharing information about her medications, hospitalizations, diet, diabetes management, and even employment and housing status. “Like a lot of my clients here, she struggled with basic things, like ‘What’s a carbohydrate’ and how to eat for her diabetes,” says Mary Puetz, the dietician on Powers’s team. By working together, the team helped Powers lower her A1C (a measure of blood glucose) from a dangerous 9.0 to a more manageable 7.4 (6.5 is considered normal) and her cholesterol from 210 to 172. “They helped me understand my depression and cope with things that I stress on, and they helped me with my weight control and diabetes,” says Powers. “Now I’m taking my medication…and I lost ten pounds.” They also helped her find a part-time job. Now, instead of showing up at emergency rooms, she shows up to work the buffet at a local restaurant. “I feel better about myself,” she says with evident pride. “I know I can handle any situation I come across.” Missouri health care officials arranged for primary care doctors, psychiatrists, social workers, and others to be located in the same building so that patients could have “one-stop shopping.” But putting these professionals under the same roof did not guarantee that they would work together. They were neighbors, but not yet teams. The 2703 program is one of the many types of care delivery and payment reform buried in the ACA, and it’s been notably successful in improving patient outcomes while driving down health care costs in many states. Yet as congressional Republicans and the Trump administration try to make good on their promise to “repeal and replace” Obamacare—ostensibly because of its high cost—the 2703 program is at no small risk of getting wiped out. The idea of coordinating care for better results is hardly new. The concept dates back to at least the 1960s, when some pioneering physicians became concerned that ever-increasing medical specialization and the growth of complex chronic diseases among the elderly required a more integrated and scientifically driven approach to health care. These physicians organized the first large-scale health maintenance organizations (HMOs), in which primary care doctors would coordinate care in large, multi-specialty medical group practices that would be part of a system of hospitals, labs, and pharmacies. But the HMO experiment largely fizzled out, and numerous other attempts to encourage integration also failed to take off. One reason is that most health care payment systems, be they private insurance companies or government programs like Medicare, make it difficult for providers to be reimbursed for much of the work—like home visits and coordination meetings—that integrated care typically requires. Another obstacle is cultural: organizations are hard to change, and doctors, nurses, and other health care providers were trained to work in silos. The level of care integration—or “wraparound care,” as some experts call it—is a challenge to achieve. Health care professionals in Missouri understood the need for integrated care, especially after a 2006 report by Joe Parks, a researcher and the current director of MO HealthNet, a division of Missouri’s Department of Social Services, showed that patients with serious mental illness were dying twenty-five years earlier than the rest of the population. “They were dying of things we could help with—chronic health problems,” recalls Nancy Gongaware, a senior vice president of outpatient health care at Missouri’s Compass Health Network, “but we needed to develop a new way of taking care of them.” Among other things, Missouri health care officials arranged for primary care doctors, dentists, and psychiatrists, along with social workers, dieticians, and others, to be located in the same building so that patients could have “one-stop shopping” for all their health care needs. But just because these professionals worked under the same roof did not guarantee that they would work together. They were neighbors, but not yet teams. The opportunity to go further came when Barack Obama signed the Affordable Care Act in 2010. Missouri, under then Governor Jay Nixon, was one of the first six states to apply for the ACA’s new 2703 grants. Eventually, nineteen states, including the District of Columbia, would do the same. Now, instead of showing up in emergency rooms, Pat Powers shows up to work the buffet at a local restaurant. “I feel better about myself,” she says with evident pride. “I know I can handle any situation I come across.” For years, health policy experts have known that “a lot of the expense in health care comes from poor care coordination,” says Cheryl Damberg, who studies payment reform for RAND. The ACA established policies supplying billions of dollars that fast-tracked experiments in new and better ways aimed at comprehensive health care, while achieving savings through that improved care. According to a review by the Missouri Department of Mental Health, the results of the 2703 grant program in that state have been impressive. The more than 23,000 Missourians who have received care under the health home initiative met or exceeded six of nine benchmark goals for disease management after the ACA-supported expansion. For patients with diabetes alone (America’s most costly disease, at approximately $332 billion a year), the number with controlled blood glucose levels rose from 18 percent to 61 percent. The percentage of patients with hypertension and cardiovascular disease who controlled their blood pressure went from 24 to 67 percent, and their good cholesterol levels soared from 21 to 56 percent. On the cost side, hospitalizations and emergency room visits for this group dropped 14 percent and 19 percent respectively. This saved the state $31 million just in the first year of the program, and the savings have continued, according to Natalie Fornelli, manager of integrated care at Missouri’s Division of Behavioral Health. In 2015, Missouri’s health home program won the American Psychiatric Association’s Gold Achievement Award for community health services. The program is now considered a national model. If there is a downside to the health home initiative, it is that too few Missourians benefit from it. That’s largely because of the politics of Obamacare. While Governor Nixon, a Democrat, had the statutory ability to request the 2703 grant funds, and did so aggressively, Missouri’s GOP-controlled legislature adamantly opposed accepting federal Medicaid expansion funds under the ACA. As a result, 632,000 Missourians remain uninsured, including 40 percent of the one in ten Missouri residents with serious mental illness. That situation is unlikely to change anytime soon, unless Missouri’s new Republican governor, Eric Greitens, who replaced term-limited Jay Nixon in January, can convince his legislators to change course—an uphill climb at best. Last April, the legislature went in the opposite direction, passing a bill requiring Medicaid recipients to pay an $8 copay for any ER visit that is not deemed an emergency, or any missed doctor’s appointment. Former Governor Nixon vetoed the law in July. It will go to Greitens next. At the national level, the fate of the 2703 program is also in doubt. It’s possible that, as Republican lawmakers in Washington and the Trump administration wrestle with the complexities of repealing and replacing Obamacare, they’ll conclude that failing to continue the 2703 grants will likely cost more in tax dollars than it saves, even as it would deprive hundreds of thousands of poor, mentally ill Americans the coordinated treatment that can save their lives. But, as Sidney Watson, a professor at the Saint Louis University School of Law and an expert on health care access for the poor, observes, Trump’s new Health and Human Services secretary, Tom Price, “has expressed a lot of skepticism about the Medicare and Medicaid demonstration centers.” Still, the advances made at places like Crider Health Center are real and ongoing, even if, without more 2703 grants, they’re unlikely to spread to other community mental health centers. The improved care at Crider has certainly done a world of good for patients like Pat Powers. “Without it,” she says, “I wouldn’t be here. I’d be gone.” Sheree Crute Sheree Crute is a health policy writer based in Brooklyn, and the author of Health Insurance, a Brief History: The Impact of Obamacare. Related Posts A Cure for High Health Care Costs by Shannon Brownlee Republican reform plans misdiagnose the problem. The solution is better care for the minority ...read more Stealth Care: So Much for the “Pro-Life” Party by D.R. Tucker March 19, 2017 3:00 PM The man lies the way the rest of us eat, sleep and breathe. Listen to him, if you can stomach ...read more Antisocial Media: The Threat of Trump on Twitter by D.R. Tucker March 18, 2017 7:00 AM So what madness will he come up with next? It has been two weeks since he accused the former ...read more Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Economy Trump’s Trade Policies Could Crush Mike Pence’s Hometown by Saahil Desai March 14, 2017 In export-heavy Columbus, Indiana, anxiety is high about the administration’s trade priorities. Magazine Stanford’s Big Health Care Idea by Heather Boerner How an unconventional team of doctors figured out how to provide high-need university employees with better health care, for less money. Political Animal Blog Maddow vs. the Madhouse by D.R. Tucker March 18, 2017 11:00 AM What does it say about American society that it took... Political Animal Blog Will Republicans Settle For Only Passing Obamacare Repeal in the House? by Nancy LeTourneau March 15, 2017 3:42 PM A bill that can't pass the Senate could be just what they need. Magazine How to Make the Electoral College Work for Everyone by Steve Silberstein The Constitution asks us to elect a president of the United States, but what we get is a president of Ohio and Florida. There’s an easy way to fix that. Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up Donate Subscribe Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy © 2017 Washington Monthly.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Israeli police arrest suspect in connection to JCC bomb threats News — 1m 40s ago Women’s group report: Fox News website best for gender parity Media — 19m 46s ago ISIS: London attacker a 'soldier of the Islamic State' International — 19m 59s ago Dem rep: Nunes ‘betrayed’ Intelligence panel’s independence House — 22m 9s ago Jessica Chastain hopes new Holocaust film teaches Trump 'compassion' In The Know — 32m 45s ago FCC is voting to end robocalls, the 'scourge of civilization' Contributors — 34m 17s ago McCain: Nunes actions 'very disturbing' Senate — 44m 15s ago Why Trump should support CBC priority Congress Blog — 44m 16s ago view all   Florida death penalty fight raises questions about race By Chuck Hobbs, opinion contributor - 03/20/17 05:00 PM EDT 62   © Getty Last November, Democrat Aramis Ayala became the first Black elected state attorney in Florida's history when she defeated incumbent Jeff Ashton for the position. Within weeks of her election, Markeith Loyd, a young black man, shot and killed his girlfriend, Sade Dixon, a young black woman. When Orlando Police Lt. Deborah Clayton, also a young black woman, attempted to apprehend Loyd at a local Wal-Mart, Loyd allegedly murdered her, too, with an autopsy confirming that the killing shot having been fired execution style as Clayton was lying on her back.  ADVERTISEMENT Thus began a manhunt that took nearly three weeks before Loyd was taken into custody, where he now faces two counts of first degree murder along with a host of related felony offenses. It is also important to note that a second law enforcement officer, Orange County Deputy Norman Lewis, a black man, was killed in a car accident during the Loyd manhunt.   Earlier this week, now State Attorney Ayala took the bold (and rare) step of announcing that her office would not seek the death penalty against Loyd.  With a nod to the statistical data that proves that since capital punishment was reinstated by the United States Supreme Court in 1976 that the same is disproportionately administered according to race, Ayala remained defiant despite calls from Florida Republican Governor Rick Scott for her to recuse herself if she could not bring herself to file notice to seek the death penalty.  When Ayala refused to budge, yesterday, Scott issued an executive order appointing Ocala State Attorney Brad King to handle the case. Said Scott: "(Ayala) made it clear that she will not fight for justice and that is why I am using my executive authority to immediately reassign the case to State Attorney Brad King...these families deserve a state attorney who will aggressively prosecute Markeith Loyd to the fullest extent of the law and justice must be served." Since Scott's decision, both attorneys and laypersons of all races have weighed in via social and traditional media about Scott's decision, one whose effect has caused one of the more unusual unions of people of differing political ideologies and races who are joined together at this moment either in support of Scott, or in unison behind SA Ayala. As a history major during my undergraduate and graduate school days at Morehouse College and Florida A&M University, as a former prosecutor, and as the only black attorney in my circuit who is state certified to serve as lead counsel in death penalty cases, this current controversy has been particularly intriguing to me.  The historian in me knows full well that Florida, like most of its former Confederate neighbors, once was a hotbed of lynching and had Loyd killed his girlfriend and directly or indirectly caused the deaths of two police officers 60 years ago, Loyd never would have seen the inside of a courtroom because a lynch mob would have murdered him within hours of his apprehension. The former prosecutor in me knows that as a "minister of justice," as the ABA and Florida Bar rules require, where defendants meet the requisite aggravating factors to seek the death penalty, including whether they were prior convicted felons, whether the defendant caused a great risk to others by his murderous acts, and whether the murders were heinous, atrocious and cruel or committed in cold, calculated or premeditated fashion, then said prosecutor should file notice to seek the death penalty. Indeed, when I considered a run for State Attorney in my circuit last year, one of the factors that gave me pause was my personal aversion to the death penalty and my knowing that if elected, it would be my duty to seek it when the facts warranted the same. But the defense attorney in me, the one who has tried numerous murder cases and who knows the nauseous feeling that all defense lawyers get as we wait to hear whether the jury has found your client guilty or not guilty, or recommended the death penalty or life without parole, appreciates SA Ayala's personal dilemma with the death penalty as applied along racial lines. It is perspicuous that with all of the individuals that have been cleared by advocacy groups like the Innocence Project based upon DNA testing results, that there have been innocent individuals across America who have been executed for crimes that they did not commit.  But should that reality apply to Loyd, one who boasted about killing cops on social media amid overwhelming evidence of his guilt?  Should the families of Loyd's victims, or the public writ large, be denied retribution in the form of capital punishment if that is the overwhelming desire? This last part, the public policy implications, vexes me the most in that it pits conflicting issues within my own historical and legal body of knowledge--- and my core value system. Meaning, does the public outrage at SA Ayala reticence to enact the death penalty come from the same outrage that used to fuel lynch mobs several decades ago? Separately, such also compels me to ask how can those of us who proudly exclaim that #BlackLivesMatter on the one hand, not give deference to the fact that Loyd's victims King, the unborn child, Clayton and Lewis were black? Since their lives mattered, would Loyd serving a life sentence truly recognize that fact, or would lethal injection or the electric chair be the only methods to square their lost lives? The irony in this is that the Black Lives Matter movement began in earnest after George Zimmerman was acquitted of murdering Trayvon Martin by a Sanford, Florida jury in 2013. A year before his acquittal, Gov. Scott replaced then Sanford State Attorney Norm Wolfinger with Jacksonville State Attorney Angela Corey after Wolfinger dragged his feet for almost 50 days before finally recusing himself.  Scott's move back then was applauded by many black lawyers, civil rights activists and concerned citizens who wanted to ensure that the highest charges and attendant punishments would be sought against Zimmerman. Today, Scott is being blasted by some lawyers and activists for meddling in Ayala's use of discretion not to seek the death penalty. Now the key distinction is that Wolfinger recused himself while Ayala did not, one that could lead to a fascinating legal battle where the courts may have to determine whether Scott illegally overreached by replacing Ayala, or whether her refusal to follow his dictates allowed him leave to replace her.  Whatever the final decision on this matter, the fact remains that the anecdotal evidence on social media is clear that politics makes strange bedfellows where murder, capital punishment and race are concerned. Chuck Hobbs is a lawyer and award-winning freelance writer who is a regular contributor to The Hill. Hobbs has been featured in The New York Times and theGrio in addition to numerous regional newspapers. Follow him on Twitter @RealChuckHobbs. The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Crime Criminal justice Rick Scott Race Racism   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Top Dem calls for investigation... Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) on Thursday called for an investigation into... 2,545 Shares 2 Freedom Caucus, Trump reach '... Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) said Wednesday night he and... 783 Shares 3 Intelligence chairman sparks storm... In an extraordinary move, the chairman of the House panel investigating... 748 Shares 4 Trump dismisses risk of falsehoods... "Hey look, in the mean time, I guess, I can’t be doing so badly, because I... 662 Shares 5 McCain: Congress doesn't have '... Congress no longer has the credibility to independently tackle a probe of... 653 Shares 6 Healthcare fight pits Trump... The battle on the right over the GOP’s ObamaCare repeal-and-replace... 557 Shares 7 Schiff: I have 'grave concerns'... The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee said Wednesday that... 461 Shares 8 US probes Manafort’s banking:... The Treasury Department has obtained information as part of an anti-... 410 Shares 9 High drama for ObamaCare vote President Trump and GOP leaders are pulling out all the stops to win over... 311 Shares 10 FBI has info suggesting... The FBI has information suggesting that associates of President Trump may... 308 Shares 11 White House distances Trump from... The White House on Wednesday rushed to distance itself from President... 305 Shares 12 London mayor won't respond to... “I’m not going to respond to a tweet from Donald Trump Jr., I’ve been... 208 Shares 13 McCain: Nunes actions 'very... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) on Thursday said House Intelligence Chairman... 203 Shares 14 The Hill's Whip List: Where... Assuming all Democrats vote against the legislation, GOP leaders cannot... 188 Shares 15 Trump defends several... President Trump appeared to double down on several unsubstantiated claims... 148 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
VIDEO: Off-duty officer under investigation for pulling gun on W - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Black History Month 2016 Heart headlines My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Our local commitment Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests WIN: Bracket Busters 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities VIDEO: Off-duty officer under investigation for pulling gun on Walmart customer 2017-03-20T18:47:51Z2017-03-20T22:12:26Z By WMCActionNews5.com Staff Email Connect desk@wmctv.com (Source: Viewer) FORREST CITY, AR (WMC) - A police officer is being investigated after pulling a gun on a Walmart customer. Forrest City Police Department said officer Darren Smith was personally called to the town's Walmart. It's unclear why store employees did not call 911. Smith was off-duty when he arrived at the store. Video shows him pointing a gun at a man and detaining him. Forrest City Police Department said Smith has not been reprimanded for the incident, but he is being investigated. Walmart has not released a comment about what happened. Brandon Norris said he went into Walmart with his children when he was approached by an employee who thought he was on the store's banned list for shoplifting. Norris said the employee called Smith on his personal cell phone. Soon after making that phone call, the Walmart employee realized it was a case of mistaken identity, but Norris wanted to file a complaint.  Smith then arrested Norris, put his gun against his back, and charged him with disorderly conduct and evading arrest. "He wasn't even at work that day," Norris said. "He just put on a uniform and ran across there." Forrest City Police Department said they are still working to find out why the arrest was necessary or the reasoning behind Smith's need to pull his gun. They are waiting to review the store's surveillance.  As for Norris, he knows what he would like to see happen. "Calling for him to be gone before he hurt somebody," Norris said. Norris is planning to attend Smith's resignation at a city council meeting Tuesday. Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> 21-year-old shot, killed while visiting family in Memphis 21-year-old shot, killed while visiting family in Memphis Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:58 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:58:03 GMT Michael Roby (Source: Family/Facebook) A man was shot and killed at a Memphis apartment complex Thursday morning. More >> A man was shot and killed at a Memphis apartment complex Thursday morning.More >> Shelby County Heath Department launches breastfeeding campaign Shelby County Heath Department launches breastfeeding campaign Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:43 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:43:43 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A new campaign is underway to encourage women in Shelby County to be comfortable with breastfeeding. More >> A new campaign is underway to encourage women in Shelby County to be comfortable with breastfeeding. More >> 11-year-old grazed by bullet at Hickory View Place 11-year-old grazed by bullet at Hickory View Place Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:40 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:40:56 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) An 11-year-old was struck by a bullet after shots were fired at Hickory View Place.More >> An 11-year-old was struck by a bullet after shots were fired at Hickory View Place.More >> City watch issued for 'violent' man who may be danger to self, others City watch issued for 'violent' man who may be danger to self, others Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 6:33 AM EDT2017-03-23 10:33:34 GMT (Source: MPD) Memphis Police Department is looking for a missing man who they said may be a danger to himself and others.More >> Memphis Police Department is looking for a missing man who they said may be a danger to himself and others.More >> Kids threatened with gun walking home from school Kids threatened with gun walking home from school Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 6:23 AM EDT2017-03-23 10:23:09 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) What was supposed to be a simple walk home from school quickly turned into a nightmare for a group of local children. The children say two teenagers not only followed them but pulled a gun on them.  More >> What was supposed to be a simple walk home from school quickly turned into a nightmare for a group of local children. The children say two teenagers not only followed them but pulled a gun on them.  More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> April the Giraffe Giraffe watch: Vets hope April will give birth soon Giraffe watch: Vets hope April will give birth soon Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:24 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:24:08 GMT Keepers say April's moody behavior is a positive sign toward imminent labor. More >> Keepers say April's moody behavior is a positive sign toward imminent labor.More >> Hero dog finds naked, shivering girl in ditch Hero dog finds naked, shivering girl in ditch Posted: Wednesday, March 22 2017 2:02 PM EDT2017-03-22 18:02:16 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 10:11 PM EDT2017-03-23 02:11:13 GMT A dog named Peanut went from rescue to hero after she found a naked, young girl lying in a ditch in Michigan. More >> A dog named Peanut went from rescue to hero after she found a naked, young girl lying in a ditch in Michigan.More >> Principal accuses 6th grader of selling sex toys at school Principal accuses 6th grader of selling sex toys at school Posted: Wednesday, March 22 2017 8:26 PM EDT2017-03-23 00:26:21 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 8:26 PM EDT2017-03-23 00:26:21 GMT Frances Habeck, a sixth-grade student, has been suspended. (Source: WTMJ/CNN) A father and her daughter said the girl was selling water-filled balloons at school but school officials say they are sex toys.  More >> A father and her daughter said the girl was selling water-filled balloons at school but school officials say they are sex toys. More >> Mother, young daughter killed in separate accidents within hour Mother, young daughter killed in separate accidents within hour Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 5:31 PM EDT2017-03-22 21:31:40 GMT Julia Yates Patterson and Libby Patterson (Source: Facebook) Valley Head police confirm a mother and her young daughter were killed in separate vehicle wrecks Tuesday afternoon.More >> Valley Head police confirm a mother and her young daughter were killed in separate vehicle wrecks Tuesday afternoon.More >> 'No mother should have to bury her child,' community reacts to toddler's death 'No mother should have to bury her child,' community reacts to toddler's death Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:17:50 GMT Carolina Beach Police Officer Colby Edens hit and killed a child with his patrol vehicle at a home on Kiwi Lane in Wilmington Tuesday night just before 7.More >> Carolina Beach Police Officer Colby Edens hit and killed a child with his patrol vehicle at a home on Kiwi Lane in Wilmington Tuesday night just before 7.More >> IS group claims responsibility for London car, knife attack IS group claims responsibility for London car, knife attack Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:07 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:07:12 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:07 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:07:12 GMT Investigations are continuing around Parliament, but lawmakers are expected to go ahead with plans to reconvene in a show of solidarity. More >> Investigations are continuing around Parliament, but lawmakers are expected to go ahead with plans to reconvene in a show of solidarity.More >> 2 AL Waffle House employees smother, cover each other in punches during fight 2 AL Waffle House employees smother, cover each other in punches during fight Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 5:24 PM EDT2017-03-22 21:24:30 GMT (Source: Barstool Auburn/Twitter) Two Waffle House employees trade blows while on the job. Video of the fight was taken inside the Opelika Road location in Auburn Sunday.More >> Two Waffle House employees trade blows while on the job. Video of the fight was taken inside the Opelika Road location in Auburn Sunday.More >> Social media wants justice for fired Cracker Barrel employee #justiceforbradswife Social media wants justice for fired Cracker Barrel employee #justiceforbradswife Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 12:43 AM EDT2017-03-23 04:43:20 GMT (Source: Facebook) A Cracker Barrel that fired a woman after 11 years and didn’t explain why has social media in a frenzy. It was apparently her husband’s birthday as well. More >> A Cracker Barrel that fired a woman after 11 years and didn’t explain why has social media in a frenzy. It was apparently her husband’s birthday as well. More >> 10-year-old diagnosed with strep throat, dies days later from leukemia 10-year-old diagnosed with strep throat, dies days later from leukemia Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 5:36 AM EDT2017-03-22 09:36:23 GMT 10-year-old Nya was diagnosed with strep throat and days later she died from cancer(SOURCE: Submitted) In less than a week, 10-year-old Nya King's diagnosis went from strep throat to cancer. More >> In less than a week, 10-year-old Nya King's diagnosis went from strep throat to cancer.More >> Florida man falls off Carnival cruise ship, search ongoing Florida man falls off Carnival cruise ship, search ongoing Posted: Wednesday, March 22 2017 4:17 PM EDT2017-03-22 20:17:38 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 4:19 PM EDT2017-03-22 20:19:52 GMT A cruise ship passenger is missing after falling overboard near Cuba early Wednesday morning.More >> A cruise ship passenger is missing after falling overboard near Cuba early Wednesday morning.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Walmart Will Hold Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on June 2 March 20, 2017 10:58 AM Eastern Daylight Time BENTONVILLE, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) announced that the company’s 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Friday, June 2, 2017, at 8 a.m. CDT in the Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. The meeting will be webcast on the company’s website at http://stock.walmart.com. The record date for shareholders entitled to vote at that meeting will be April 7, 2017. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Investor Relations Contact Steve Schmitt, 479-258-7172 or Media Relations Contact Randy Hargrove, 800-331-0085 Contacts Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Investor Relations Contact Steve Schmitt, 479-258-7172 or Media Relations Contact Randy Hargrove, 800-331-0085 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Walmart Will Hold Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on June 2 BENTONVILLE, Ark.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) announced that the company’s 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Friday, June 2, 2017, at 8 a.m. CDT in the Bud Walton Arena at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Ark. The meeting will be webcast on the company’s website at http://stock.walmart.com. The record date for shareholders entitled to vote at that meeting will be April 7, 2017. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. Purchases Four Medical Office Properties Next PostNext AT&T is One Step Closer to Ultra-Fast Video Streaming and More Bandwidth for Businesses with 400GbE Trials Search Recent Posts Get a Grip: Hankook Tire Reports on What’s Driving Tire Purchasing Habits CN and TFI International reach framework agreement to create best in class intermodal service Original Equipment Tire Fitments Have Brand Loyalty Traction with New Vehicle Owners, J.D. Power Finds Gray Line’s „The Bucket Life,” Travel Video Series Graces Mexico’s Yucatán Peninsula Current & Future Industry Trends of Wind Lidar Market, – 2022 Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Rodeo EyeOpener Traffic Contests Events Weather 65° 65° Low 68° High 85° Fri 67° 80° Sat 62° 83° Sun 70° 84° See complete forecast 20,000 pounds of frozen pizza recalled over listeria fears Posted 7:06 AM, March 17, 2017, by Tribune Media Wire Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email × 20,000 pounds of frozen pizza recalled over listeria fears VERNON, Calif. – More than 21,000 pounds of frozen pizzas are being recalled due to possible listeria contamination, the US Department of Agriculture’s Food Safety and Inspection Service announced Wednesday. RBR Meat Company Inc. recalled its Marketside supreme frozen pizza, which may have been “adulterated with Listeria monocytogenes,” according to FSIS. The pizzas were sold at select Walmart stores in a 50.6-oz. box containing single shrink-wrapped 16-inch pizzas labeled as “Marketside Extra Large Supreme Pizza,” with lot code 20547. During routine sampling, FSIS discovered the Listeria monocytogenes bacteria. “There are no confirmed reports of adverse reactions from consumption of the pizzas at this time,” according to the recall announcement. This recall is a Class I recall, which means it is “a health hazard situation where there is a reasonable probability that the use of the product will cause serious, adverse health consequences or death,” according to the USDA. FSIS urges consumers who have bought the product to not eat it. They advise throwing away the pizzas or returning them to the place of purchase. The pizzas were shipped to Walmart distribution centers in California, Nevada, Utah and Washington. Listeriosis is a serious infection usually caused by eating contaminated food and can be particularly dangerous for pregnant women and older people. Symptoms include fever, muscle aches and sometimes diarrhea or other gastrointestinal problems, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. About 1,600 cases are reported in the United States every year, with 260 resulting in death, according to the CDC. Last week federal health officials announced an unrelated recall of soft raw milk cheese made by Vulto Creamery due to a listeria outbreak responsible for six cases of illness including two deaths. Last month Sargento Foods announced its own recall of several cheeses due to potential listeria contamination, which prompted the company to cut ties with one of its suppliers. Please enable Javascript to watch this video Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Got a Tip? Let us know! Click here to email us your news tip. Popular Local woman chronicles her battle with stomach cancer up until her last day Smiling mugshot of Lockhart teacher accused of inappropriate relationship with student goes viral That big chicken video isn’t fake, but it is terrifying Young woman shot, killed in vehicle on West Little York Road Latest News HCSO: At least 3 suspects arrested in drug, weapon raid at house in Crosby  Will 100% fruit juice make your child gain weight? 17,000 AT&T workers go on strike Fire destroys church owned by white supremacist in North Dakota Nation/World Edamame recalled over listeria fears Nation/World 40,000 pounds of veal recalled due to possible E.coli contamination Nation/World NewsFix Nearly 2 million pounds of undercooked chicken recalled Nation/World NewsFix Twinkies, Palmer Candy join recall over salmonella concerns NewsFix WinCo ranch dressing recalled in 8 states over allergy concerns Nation/World NewsFix 680,000 baby rattles recalled due to choking hazard Nation/World NewsFix Discovery of euthanasia drug prompts dog food recall; 15 states involved Nation/World Soy nut butter recall expands after more cases of E. coli NewsFix Sargento recalls cheese due to possible listeria contamination Nation/World Baby carriers, cribs, strollers linked to thousands of injuries every year Nation/World It may be National Frozen Yogurt Day, but every day is Fro-Yo day in Houston Nation/World NewsFix Fake news story leads to real threat at DC pizza joint Nation/World NewsFix Pineapple on pizza: Great or gross? Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Local Police Log State Sports Broadcast Calendar Obituaries Community Community Calendar Shows Talk of the Town The Swap Shop Dave Ramsey Show Rush Limbaugh Show The Dana Show Hugh Hewitt Show Jim Bohannon Show Coast To Coast AM More 'Shows' Contests Contest Rules Weather Listen Live Connect WBIW on Facebook WBIW on Twitter Call 812.277.1340 Text 812.641.1340 Feedback Form Advertise See news happening around you? Let us know about it! Office/Sales: 812.275.7555 / Studio: 812.277.1340 / tips@wbiw.com News Sections Local Police Log State Sports Obituaries Community Calendar Weather Shows The Swap Shop Talk of the Town Audio Listen Live Connect Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Advertise with WBIW WBIW » News » local Trial Date Set For Man Accused Of Abducting And Molesting Girl 18 Years Ago Updated March 20, 2017 7:18 AM  Print    Archive    RSS (SEYMOUR) - The man accused of abducting and molesting a girl in Jackson County more than 18 years ago will stand trial August 22 at 8:30 a.m. 61-year-old Charley Hollin of Salem, Oregon was arrested and charged in January in connection with the 1999 incident. Federal authorities arrested Hollin, who had assumed the identity of an Indiana boy - Andrew David Hall. Hall had been killed in a car accident in 1975 in Fayette County, Kentucky when he was 8 years old. FBI agents arrested Hollin at a Walmart Supercenter where he had worked for 16 years. He had obtained driver's licenses in three states, a Social Security card and a U.S. passport in the dead boy's name. U.S. Attorney Josh Minkler says investigators tracked down Hollin after he was identified through facial recognition software of his passport photograph. Hollin, formerly of Clearsprings, Indiana, had been in federal custody until he was booked into the Jackson County Jail in Brownstown on Wednesday. He is facing three Class A felony charges of child molesting and two Class B felony charges of criminal confinement. He is also facing federal charges of identity theft and fleeing prosecution. The crime: According to court records, the 10-year-old girl was alone January 20, 1999, waiting outside the old Girls Inc. facility on West Second Street. Hollin asked her to come to his car, where he told her he had locked his keys inside and needed her help. When they got close to the car, police say Hollin cupped his hand over the girl's mouth and showed her a knife and threatened to kill her if she didn't come with him. He then made her put a stocking mask over her head and drove away to an undisclosed location, undressed her and sexually assaulted her. He then forced the girl, who was naked, out of his car, leaving her on an isolated road as he sped off, tossing her belongings out of the car as he drove away. The girl was later picked up by a passing motorist. When police went to the scene, they found the girl's belongings, as well as a coat, which had a day planner with Charles Hollin's name on it. Hollin told police the coat had been stolen out of his vehicle. FBI Agent Todd D. Prewitt wrote in the affidavit, that DNA samples from Hollin's car and coat and from the victim's coat, showed that Hollin was a match for the sample. Fibers on both coats matched the inside of Hollin's car. The Jackson County prosecutor charged Hollin with two felony counts of confinement with a deadly weapon and three felony counts of child molestation. But when investigators went to arrest him, he had disappeared. When investigators interviewed Hollin's friends and co-workers, they learned he was an avid reader of detective magazines and had claimed to have many ways to disguise his identity, including fake hair pieces and mustaches. Hollin told his co-workers he knew the victim had identified him in a police lineup. He asked others if they would "'pull a Houdini" if they were facing charges, according to police interviews. "It would be better to be alienated on some tropical island somewhere than in a 10x10 jail cell," Hollins told his co-workers, according to court documents. "If you want to, and you know how, you can become someone else just like that." Police have spent 16 years trying to find and arrest Hollin. It wasn't until late last year, on December 20, that a facial analysis comparison test confirmed a "most likely'' candidate match between Hollin and "Andrew David Hall'' via a U.S. passport application photograph. Investigators learned the original Andrew David Hall was an 8-year-old boy who had been hit by a car and killed in Kentucky in 1975. The application indicated Hall had applied for a passport on April 26, 2007, to travel to China. The application said Hall was born in Massachusetts. He was able to get the driver's licenses, Social Security number and passport using the dead boy's name because on Hall's death certificate, the box for Social Security number was never filled in, FBI agent Prewitt wrote in his affidavit. A subsequent search of Accurint, a database tool used by government, police and commercial customers, showed Hall was possibly living in Oregon. FBI agents pulled Hall's birth certificate and found he had applied for a Social Security card on Feb. 18, 1988, at age 20, which was unusual, according to the Social Security Administration. Further investigation turned up that Hall had gotten a driver's license in Indiana on April 29, 1999, four months after the abduction of the 10-year-old girl. The driver's license information matched Hollin's height and weight and hair and eye color, the federal affidavit says. Indiana couldn't locate any photographs for the driver's license, the FBI agent wrote. It appears when Hollin got the Indiana license in Hall's name that the state didn't have the capacity to keep the motor vehicle license photos and couldn't use them for future facial recognition technology, says Tim Horty, a spokesman in the U.S. Attorney's Office in Indiana. Agents suspect Hollin, using Hall's name and driver's license, moved to Minnesota and got a Minnesota driver's license there in August 2001 before moving to Oregon and getting an Oregon driver's license on March 29, 2011. "This case is a prime example of the tenacity of the FBI," W. Jay Abbott, Indianapolis FBI Special Agent in Charge, says in a press release. "The public should be assured the FBI will not stop seeking justice for innocent victims." If convicted on the federal charges, Hollin faces up to eight years imprisonment, according to Assistant United States Attorney Bradley P. Shepard, who is prosecuting the case. If convicted on the Jackson County charges, Hollin could face decades in prison. The arrest occurred at the place he had worked for the past 15 years. Hollin had been in federal custody until he was booked into the Jackson County Jail in Brownstown on Wednesday on three Class A felony charges of child molesting and two Class B felony charges of criminal confinement. A Class A felony is punishable by 20 to 50 years in prison if convicted. His initial hearing was conducted Thursday afternoon by Jackson Circuit Judge Richard W. Poynter, who also set the pre-trial conference for 11:30 a.m. June 8. The charges stem from an incident in January 1999 involving the abduction of a 10-year-old girl at knifepoint from outside Girls Inc. on West Second Street in Seymour. The girl was taken to a secluded area, molested and released naked on a country road near Cortland. Her abductor threw her clothing out of the vehicle before she was found and rescued by a passing motorist. Investigators said Hollin was identified as a suspect from evidence collected at the scene, including a coat and a day planner that belonged to him and DNA evidence in the car. The car also had been recovered as evidence. He initially was charged in 2000 by the Jackson County Prosecutor's Office but then disappeared before police could arrest him. At the time of his arrest in January, U.S. District Attorney Josh Minkler said Hollin had first fled to Minnesota and later to Oregon. Minkler said Hollin had been arrested living under the name of Andrew David Hall, an 8-year-old boy who died in a car accident in Kentucky in 1975. Hollin faces a federal charge of identity theft because he used the boy's identity to obtain a driver's license and Social Security card, police said. The FBI identified Hollin using facial recognition technology comparing an older photo of him to Hollin's passport renewal application as Hall, Minkler said. Hollin was held in federal custody on the identity theft charge until federal law enforcement could make a decision about whether to charge him or defer him to stand trial for the charges on the state charges, Jackson County Prosectuor AmyMarie Travis said. "He will stand trial here first for the local charges," Travis said. Travis, who has been working on the case since 2007, said the next step in the process after Hollin's initial hearing involves discovery, where the state and attorney for the defendant gather and exchange information. Because of the time since the alleged crime occurred, Travis said there always is some difficulty with cases such as this one. "It can be difficult to find witnesses, but we have found them," she said. Travis said the next step would be up to the judge, who will set pretrial hearing and conferences dates, but a jury trial may not be set for five to six months. Tweet « Previous Article Next Article »  Print    Archive    RSS Have a question or comment about a news story? Send it to comments@wbiw.com Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW 1340 AM WBIW, Bedford's Place To Talk. Serving Lawrence and surrounding counties since 1948! © 2017 Ad-Venture Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   WBIW.com and Listen Live Powered by HPC Advertise  |  Careers  |  About  |  Feedback Proud affiliate of the Colts
Manage My Subscription Subscribe eEdition Delivery Status Contact Us Loading... Thursday / March 23, 2017 MENU Serving Eau Claire, Wisconsin, and surrounding communities Contests Quizzes Ask the Experts Weather Magazines Mobile FAQs General Store NIE News Obits OBITS DEATH NOTICES SUBMISSIONS Sports Opinion Business Entertainment Features Celebrations Magazines Media PHOTOS VIDEOS COUPON BONANZA Classifieds Jobs Cars Weather Loading Join Our Mailing List EMAIL home / news / daily updates Plan to close loophole aimed at Menards, other retailers A battle pitting big-box retail giants including Menards and Wal-Mart against Wisconsin towns and cities is headed to the Legislature posted March 20, 2017 12:00 a.m. (CDT) email article print font size - + by / Scott Bauer Associated Press MADISON — A battle pitting big-box retail giants including Menards and Wal-Mart against Wisconsin towns and cities is headed to the Legislature. Republican-backed proposals, written in conjunction with the League of Wisconsin Municipalities, are designed to close the so-called dark store loophole and increase how much the mega-retailers pay local communities in property taxes. The bills come in reaction to court rulings in Wisconsin and nearby states — starting in Michigan — that have helped the retail giants lower the value placed on their stores for levying property taxes. The retailers have successfully challenged their tax assessments in communities across the Midwest, by arguing they are overtaxed and should pay the same rate as a store that is closed and vacant. That results in a shift of the property tax burden to smaller retail stores and property owners, said Jerry Deschane, executive director of the League of Municipalities. “We just think that’s fundamentally unfair,” he said. “The bottom line with the property tax is it has to be uniform.” The cities will have to overcome opposition from the powerful Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce and retail giants that stand to lose millions from a change in current practice. State Department of Revenue rules require that assessments be based on the fair market value of a property. The stores argue that the value of the underlying real estate should be determined by looking at comparable building sales, prices that usually fall far below the assessment of an operating store. Assessing the building as if it were empty has long been the standard in Wisconsin for determining its value, said Don Millis, a Madison attorney who has represented Target and other retailers in assessment challenges. Millis is also lobbying for Manufacturers and Commerce against changes to the law. “You value the sticks, bricks and mud,” Millis said. Cities have been incorrectly assessing the property based on the potential lease value, he said. “We don’t think they’re being undervalued,” he said. “We think assessors are being overly aggressive.” But Republican state Sen. Duey Stroebel, of Saukville, who plans to introduce a bill next month addressing the issue, said the potential lease value of the property should be considered when valuing it for tax purposes. That is what the bill he and others are working on will do, he said. Millis warned that changing the law “could have long-term unintended consequences” affecting how all property is valued. Big box stores such as Menards and Shopko have filed more than 20 lawsuits against Wisconsin municipalities in the past year challenging their property assessments. In one, Menards successfully argued last year that the value of its store in Fond du Lac assessed by the city at $9.2 million should be no more than $5.2 million.  A similar lawsuit from Target argues that Fond du Lac should reduce its taxes on the retailer by about a third. The dilemma for small cities is that the cost of defending lawsuits can equal or exceed the amount of property tax revenue at play, so they are more inclined to settle than fight it, said Deschane. Lawmakers in nearby states have had mixed success in tackling the issue. A proposal in Michigan that attempted to require the taxable value to be based on the highest and best use of a property failed to pass last year.  But in Indiana, the Republican-controlled Legislature, along with then-Gov. Mike Pence, enacted legislation to block what opponents call a tax loophole. The Wisconsin bill is modeled after the Indiana law. Email this: Plan to close loophole aimed at Menards, other retailers | Eau Claire Leader-Telegram Your Name: Your e-mail: Recipient(s) Name: Recipient(s) e-mail: *Separate multiple addresses with a comma Comments: (optional) Send Clear Recommended Eau Claire moms get probation for exposing kids to meth Sears has "substantial doubt" about its future Eau Claire County grants PTO benefits to part-timers Report: Wisconsin's older adults would pay thousands more under Republican health plan Voucher schools climb to nearly 300 in Wisconsin Police officer, 3 others killed in Central Wisconsin Viral video imagines Elmo getting fired over PBS budget cuts High Court bolsters rights of learning-disabled students Former Sen. Feingold launches new advocacy group Poll: President Donald Trump's job approval in Wisconsin at 41 percent Xtras e-Edition Manage My Account New Subscriptions Magazines Delivery Coupon Bonanza Churches Submissions Most Read Sacred Heart Hospital suing Marshfield Clinic Mills Fleet Farm to open $64.8M distribution center in Chippewa Falls Police probe Rice Lake nursing home death Menomonie area woman fined for prostitution Eau Claire moms get probation for exposing kids to meth More... Go to Top News Front Page Politics Local Daily Updates State National/World Crime Offbeat Blogs Public Notices Sports Preps Golf Racing Daily Updates Local Colleges Community Blogs NFL MLB NBA NHL Obits Obituaries Death Notices Submissions Opinions Editorials Letters to Editor From Our Files Submissions Business Local Business From the Wire Entertainment Local Entertainment Celebrity News Blogs Calendar TV Listings Sudoku Crosswords Features Lifestyles Home & Garden Getting Out Food Food Inspections Health Travel Religion On Campus Celebrations Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Births Five Generations Submissions Join Our Mailing List EMAIL © 2017 Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, WI. All rights reserved. 701 S. Farwell St., Eau Claire, WI 54701 / 715.833.9200
null
TBI: No credible sightings of Elizabeth Thomas after 7 days - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Black History Month 2016 Heart headlines My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Our local commitment Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests WIN: Bracket Busters 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities TBI: No credible sightings of Elizabeth Thomas after 7 days 2017-03-21T01:41:22Z2017-03-21T20:42:58Z Reported by Alan Frio Email Connect Alan.Frio@wsmv.com Follow @WSMVAlanFrio Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins disappeared last Monday. (WSMV) Also on WMCTV.COMMore>> Amber Alert: Search continues for missing teen, teacher from TN Amber Alert: Search continues for missing teen, teacher from TN Posted: Tuesday, March 14 2017 5:43 PM EDT2017-03-14 21:43:21 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 5:34 AM EDT2017-03-23 09:34:06 GMT If you know anything about their whereabouts, call the TBI. (WSMV) Elizabeth Thomas, 15, was last seen being dropped off by a friend at the Shoney’s in Columbia around 8 a.m. on March 13. More >> Elizabeth Thomas, 15, was last seen being dropped off by a friend at the Shoney’s in Columbia around 8 a.m. on March 13.More >> Amber Alert: School officials release timeline of alleged relationship between student, teacher Amber Alert: School officials release timeline of alleged relationship between student, teacher Posted: Tuesday, March 21 2017 12:56 PM EDT2017-03-21 16:56:25 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 7:40 AM EDT2017-03-22 11:40:16 GMT Elizabeth Thomas, 15, has been missing since March 13. (WSMV) It's been eight days since 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas went missing. Thomas is believed to have been kidnapped by her former high school teacher, Tad Cummins.More >> It's been eight days since 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas went missing. Thomas is believed to have been kidnapped by her former high school teacher, Tad Cummins.More >> DA hopes Amber Alert will result in law change DA hopes Amber Alert will result in law change Posted: Tuesday, March 21 2017 8:48 PM EDT2017-03-22 00:48:21 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 21 2017 8:48 PM EDT2017-03-22 00:48:23 GMT Mary Catherine Elizabeth Thomas was reported missing on Monday. (Source: TBI) The Amber Alert for Elizabeth Thomas could result in a law change if the district attorney has anything to say about it. More >> The Amber Alert for Elizabeth Thomas could result in a law change if the district attorney has anything to say about it.More >> DA: Missing teen had troubling home life DA: Missing teen had troubling home life Posted: Tuesday, March 21 2017 6:40 PM EDT2017-03-21 22:40:57 GMT Updated: Tuesday, March 21 2017 6:59 PM EDT2017-03-21 22:59:12 GMT The TBI released this photo that shows Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas in school in January. (Source: TBI) Elizabeth Thomas was new to the Culleoka Unit School in Maury County. She started as a freshman this year, entering the public school system for the very first time.More >> Elizabeth Thomas was new to the Culleoka Unit School in Maury County. She started as a freshman this year, entering the public school system for the very first time.More >> Elizabeth Thomas' brother shares sister's statement before disappearance Elizabeth Thomas' brother shares sister's statement before disappearance Posted: Monday, March 20 2017 7:23 PM EDT2017-03-20 23:23:48 GMT Updated: Monday, March 20 2017 7:37 PM EDT2017-03-20 23:37:08 GMT Mary Catherine Elizabeth Thomas was reported missing on Monday. (Source: TBI) As the search for Elizabeth Thomas enters its second week, her brother said something his sister said the morning before she disappeared makes him believe she was taken against her will. More >> As the search for Elizabeth Thomas enters its second week, her brother said something his sister said the morning before she disappeared makes him believe she was taken against her will.More >> Former teacher's personnel file sheds new light on Amber Alert case Former teacher's personnel file sheds new light on Amber Alert case Posted: Monday, March 20 2017 2:03 PM EDT2017-03-20 18:03:22 GMT Updated: Monday, March 20 2017 4:50 PM EDT2017-03-20 20:50:56 GMT Channel 4 is learning more about a former teacher who is accused of kidnapping a 15-year-old student from Columbia. More >> Channel 4 is learning more about a former teacher who is accused of kidnapping a 15-year-old student from Columbia.More >> NASHVILLE, TN (WSMV) - It has been a daunting and alarming week for the family of 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas and a week of frustration for the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. After seven days, there have been no credible sightings of Thomas or Tad Cummins, the man she is believed to be with. It's a disheartening milestone for law enforcement, who are using every tool at their disposal to find Thomas and bring Cummins to justice. How is Cummins, with limited resources, managing to keep out of view from law enforcement who have a lot of assets at their disposal? Pictures of both Cummins and Thomas have been broadcast on regional and national newscasts, not to mention a nationwide Amber Alert. Every law enforcement officer and the public are on the lookout for them. Now the TBI is thinking both in and out of the box. The TBI believes Cummins planned the abduction well in advance of Thomas' March 13 disappearance. Investigators released surveillance video of Cummins shopping at a Columbia Walmart two days before Thomas disappeared. It shows Cummins browsing an aisle where hair coloring products are sold. Another clip shows Cummins with a brand of hair coloring in his shopping cart. Channel 4 asked the TBI if they believe Cummins and Thomas changed their appearance. "We don't have information to suggest he changed his or her appearance, but we don't have information it didn't happen either. We honestly don't know," said TBI spokesperson Josh DeVine. The TBI said Tuesday that they have confirmed the hair dye was not part of Cummins' alleged plan for Thomas. UPDATE: We have determined the purchase of hair dye by Tad Cummins was not part of his intended plan for #ElizabethThomas. #TNAMBERAlert pic.twitter.com/mzrPlhvOhQ— TBI (@TBInvestigation) March 21, 2017 As for the vehicle Cummins is driving, described as a 2015 silver Nissan Rogue with Tennessee tag 976-ZPT, every law enforcement officer in the country is aware of its description through a nationwide Amber Alert. Did Cummins swap out the vehicle? "We have questions as to whether they might still be in the vehicle, there is a host of possibilities," DeVine said. The TBI is now trying to get into the mind of Cummins, a profile of who he is, to help determine his next move. "Suffice it to say, we are trying to still develop a comprehensive understanding of who he is, what his interests are, and what his capability might have been," DeVine said. Even more alarming, Cummins is believed to be armed with two handguns. The TBI's investigation of Cummins has also revealed a troubling pattern of behavior. "She is definitely a victim, she may not realize that she's a victim, but certainly a victim. She needs help, she needs our best effort, and she needs the attention of this country to be on the lookout for her," DeVine said. Copyright 2017 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> 21-year-old shot, killed while visiting family in Memphis 21-year-old shot, killed while visiting family in Memphis Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:58 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:58:03 GMT Michael Roby (Source: Family/Facebook) A man was shot and killed at a Memphis apartment complex Thursday morning. More >> A man was shot and killed at a Memphis apartment complex Thursday morning.More >> Shelby County Heath Department launches breastfeeding campaign Shelby County Heath Department launches breastfeeding campaign Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:43 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:43:43 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A new campaign is underway to encourage women in Shelby County to be comfortable with breastfeeding. More >> A new campaign is underway to encourage women in Shelby County to be comfortable with breastfeeding. More >> 11-year-old grazed by bullet at Hickory View Place 11-year-old grazed by bullet at Hickory View Place Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:40 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:40:56 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) An 11-year-old was struck by a bullet after shots were fired at Hickory View Place.More >> An 11-year-old was struck by a bullet after shots were fired at Hickory View Place.More >> City watch issued for 'violent' man who may be danger to self, others City watch issued for 'violent' man who may be danger to self, others Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 6:33 AM EDT2017-03-23 10:33:34 GMT (Source: MPD) Memphis Police Department is looking for a missing man who they said may be a danger to himself and others.More >> Memphis Police Department is looking for a missing man who they said may be a danger to himself and others.More >> Kids threatened with gun walking home from school Kids threatened with gun walking home from school Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 6:23 AM EDT2017-03-23 10:23:09 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) What was supposed to be a simple walk home from school quickly turned into a nightmare for a group of local children. The children say two teenagers not only followed them but pulled a gun on them.  More >> What was supposed to be a simple walk home from school quickly turned into a nightmare for a group of local children. The children say two teenagers not only followed them but pulled a gun on them.  More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> April the Giraffe Giraffe watch: Vets hope April will give birth soon Giraffe watch: Vets hope April will give birth soon Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:24 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:24:08 GMT Keepers say April's moody behavior is a positive sign toward imminent labor. More >> Keepers say April's moody behavior is a positive sign toward imminent labor.More >> Hero dog finds naked, shivering girl in ditch Hero dog finds naked, shivering girl in ditch Posted: Wednesday, March 22 2017 2:02 PM EDT2017-03-22 18:02:16 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 10:11 PM EDT2017-03-23 02:11:13 GMT A dog named Peanut went from rescue to hero after she found a naked, young girl lying in a ditch in Michigan. More >> A dog named Peanut went from rescue to hero after she found a naked, young girl lying in a ditch in Michigan.More >> Principal accuses 6th grader of selling sex toys at school Principal accuses 6th grader of selling sex toys at school Posted: Wednesday, March 22 2017 8:26 PM EDT2017-03-23 00:26:21 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 8:26 PM EDT2017-03-23 00:26:21 GMT Frances Habeck, a sixth-grade student, has been suspended. (Source: WTMJ/CNN) A father and her daughter said the girl was selling water-filled balloons at school but school officials say they are sex toys.  More >> A father and her daughter said the girl was selling water-filled balloons at school but school officials say they are sex toys. More >> Mother, young daughter killed in separate accidents within hour Mother, young daughter killed in separate accidents within hour Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 5:31 PM EDT2017-03-22 21:31:40 GMT Julia Yates Patterson and Libby Patterson (Source: Facebook) Valley Head police confirm a mother and her young daughter were killed in separate vehicle wrecks Tuesday afternoon.More >> Valley Head police confirm a mother and her young daughter were killed in separate vehicle wrecks Tuesday afternoon.More >> 'No mother should have to bury her child,' community reacts to toddler's death 'No mother should have to bury her child,' community reacts to toddler's death Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:17:50 GMT Carolina Beach Police Officer Colby Edens hit and killed a child with his patrol vehicle at a home on Kiwi Lane in Wilmington Tuesday night just before 7.More >> Carolina Beach Police Officer Colby Edens hit and killed a child with his patrol vehicle at a home on Kiwi Lane in Wilmington Tuesday night just before 7.More >> IS group claims responsibility for London car, knife attack IS group claims responsibility for London car, knife attack Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:07 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:07:12 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:07 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:07:12 GMT Investigations are continuing around Parliament, but lawmakers are expected to go ahead with plans to reconvene in a show of solidarity. More >> Investigations are continuing around Parliament, but lawmakers are expected to go ahead with plans to reconvene in a show of solidarity.More >> 2 AL Waffle House employees smother, cover each other in punches during fight 2 AL Waffle House employees smother, cover each other in punches during fight Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 5:24 PM EDT2017-03-22 21:24:30 GMT (Source: Barstool Auburn/Twitter) Two Waffle House employees trade blows while on the job. Video of the fight was taken inside the Opelika Road location in Auburn Sunday.More >> Two Waffle House employees trade blows while on the job. Video of the fight was taken inside the Opelika Road location in Auburn Sunday.More >> Social media wants justice for fired Cracker Barrel employee #justiceforbradswife Social media wants justice for fired Cracker Barrel employee #justiceforbradswife Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 12:43 AM EDT2017-03-23 04:43:20 GMT (Source: Facebook) A Cracker Barrel that fired a woman after 11 years and didn’t explain why has social media in a frenzy. It was apparently her husband’s birthday as well. More >> A Cracker Barrel that fired a woman after 11 years and didn’t explain why has social media in a frenzy. It was apparently her husband’s birthday as well. More >> 10-year-old diagnosed with strep throat, dies days later from leukemia 10-year-old diagnosed with strep throat, dies days later from leukemia Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 5:36 AM EDT2017-03-22 09:36:23 GMT 10-year-old Nya was diagnosed with strep throat and days later she died from cancer(SOURCE: Submitted) In less than a week, 10-year-old Nya King's diagnosis went from strep throat to cancer. More >> In less than a week, 10-year-old Nya King's diagnosis went from strep throat to cancer.More >> Florida man falls off Carnival cruise ship, search ongoing Florida man falls off Carnival cruise ship, search ongoing Posted: Wednesday, March 22 2017 4:17 PM EDT2017-03-22 20:17:38 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 4:19 PM EDT2017-03-22 20:19:52 GMT A cruise ship passenger is missing after falling overboard near Cuba early Wednesday morning.More >> A cruise ship passenger is missing after falling overboard near Cuba early Wednesday morning.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Out and About Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us BREAKING NEWS LIVE PUPPY CAM: Free Houston SPCA adoptions at ABC13 studios Full Story Email SHOPPING Houston will host first revamped Target store Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1810241" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> A drawing of the new Target concept store that will launch in Houston. (KTRK) AP Monday, March 20, 2017 09:52PM HOUSTON, Texas -- In a move to bring shoppers back to its stores, Target is embarking on an ambitious redesign aimed at helping people who need to dash in for milk to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. The new layout was unveiled by CEO Brian Cornell in Las Vegas Monday. It will feature a separate entrance and 10-minute parking for shoppers looking to pick up an online order or some essentials. New center aisles will be curved rather than squared off, to inspire people to explore, says Mark Schindele, senior vice president of Target Properties. LED track lighting will replace fluorescent fixtures, and brand boutiques meant to replicate a specialty-store feel will showcase rotating looks. RELATED: Walmart builds new high-tech store in Tomball The first of the redesigned stores will open in suburban Houston this fall. About 40 more stores will get the remodel treatment by October, using the Houston prototype as a template. More than 600 of Target's 1,800 total locations are scheduled for updates over the next three years. It expects the remodeled stores to see a 2 percent to 4 percent sales bump. "We wanted the design to be flexible because that is what shopping is all about," Schindele told The Associated Press. The remodeling is a key part of Target Corp.'s strategy to win back shoppers and rev up sales. Unlike rival Wal-Mart, which has drawn more customers and notched higher sales at established stores, Target has seen three straight quarters of declines for that sales measure, and fewer shoppers in its stores. Investing in stores is an acknowledgment that the in-person experience remains important, even as Amazon and other online retailers draw shoppers away from traditional retailers. At an investor meeting last month Target executives spoke bluntly about the shabbiness of many of the chain's stores. It pledged to spend $7 billion on the remodeling plan and to accelerate its expansion of small-format stores, bolster its online operations, and launch new brands. "We've got to reimagine that store experience," Cornell said then. "Today's millennial shopper doesn't enjoy shopping one of our tired stores that hasn't been touched in 10 years." Target has also tested new store designs in Dallas and Los Angeles, but Houston's is the most ambitious store redesign to date. Last fall, Target launched an initiative in 25 stores in Los Angeles where it tested an updated grocery presentation with new lighting and foods to prepare single meal displayed together. The new grocery presentation was later rolled out in 16 Dallas stores. Cornell said shopper feedback in Dallas and Los Angeles has been good. The Houston prototype's separate entrances for shoppers in a hurry and those who aren't is among its biggest novelties. The entrance on the right will have a dedicated pickup counter for online orders. Shoppers will also have the option of having their order brought to their car. Groceries, wine and liquor will be located here, rather than in the back where they're usually found. Seasonal essentials, like school supplies in the fall, will also be found nearby. Shoppers using the "inspiration" entrance on the left will see the brand name displays and a section highlighting seasonal fashion. Beauty, jewelry and accessories departments will be nearby. There will also be seating outside of Starbucks. An area to hold store events will be located between the two entrances. Target will tweak the format based on shoppers' responses. "This represents our current thinking," Schindele said, "but we are going to learn a lot." Related Topics: shoppingshoppingbusinessHouston Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. SHOPPING Get the most of your Amazon Prime membership Digital Deal of the Day JJ Watt set to celebrate his birthday with shoe release Costco to launch grocery delivery service More Shopping Top Stories Parents charged after baby left in parking lot ATM cut open with torch in NE Houston 6th grader accused of selling water snakes as sex toys TOO CUTE: Puppies dressed as Disney characters Tiny girl unsure how she won Mutton Bustin' contest PHOTOS: Chris Young performs at RodeoHouston Two accused of leaving child alone in vehicle Show More Rick Perry upset over A&M election for student president Police: PA boy choked by dog pulling on his scarf dies 7 suspects linked to deadly London attack Why you shouldn't try the 108 prank with Siri Normangee police chief arrested after standoff More News Top Video Two accused of leaving child alone in vehicle 6th grader accused of selling water snakes as sex toys Rick Perry upset over A&M election for student president Tiny girl unsure how she won Mutton Bustin' contest More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Rodeo Houston Sports Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Out and About Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Close menu News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business Entertainment Critic’s Corner S.W.A.G Awards Rediscover Detroit Rediscover Detroit: East English Village Rediscover Detroit: Green Acres Rediscover Detroit: Schulze Community Rediscover Detroit: Berry Subdivision Rediscover Detroit: Shorepointe Village Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business Entertainment Critic’s Corner S.W.A.G Awards Rediscover Detroit Rediscover Detroit: East English Village Rediscover Detroit: Green Acres Rediscover Detroit: Schulze Community Rediscover Detroit: Berry Subdivision Rediscover Detroit: Shorepointe Village Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List News Home > News > Local Mayoral candidate Bill Noakes on why he’s best man for the job By Keith A. Owens Senior Editor Leave a comment As part of an ongoing occasional series on some of the mayoral candidates who will be challenging Mayor Mike Duggan later this year, the Michigan Chronicle recently interviewed Bill Noakes. What follows is a partial transcript of the interview. According to the biography he provided, Noakes is the Founder and Principal of Noakes & Associates, a consulting firm that advises on ethics and leadership.  Before starting Noakes & Associates, he was Executive Vice President of Meijer, Incwhere he led its legal, IT, real estate, construction, and procurement operations. Doakes has served as Senior Associate Independent Counsel, where he was prosecutor and press spokesperson in the case, United States of America v. Michael Espy, the corruption trial of the former U.S. Secretary of Agriculture. As a lawyer in private practice, he has represented companies such as General Motors, Smith & Wesson, and Wal-Mart in state and Federal courts. He has been an attorney with the Securities and Exchange Commission, an Assistant General Counsel with the General Motors Corporation, Deputy Wayne County Corporation Counsel, and an Air Force judge advocate. He has been a legal commentator for Court TV and Channel 4 News (Detroit). Mr. Noakes has taught at the University of Chicago Law School, Grand Valley State University’s Seidman College of Business, Southern Methodist University’s Cox School of Business, and the University of Michigan – Dearborn, where he currently teaches corporate social responsibility. He received his BA from the University of Notre Dame and the M.A. and J.D. degrees from the University of Chicago. Answering the call to preach, he studied theology at Southern Methodist University’s Perkins School of Theology and is an Assistant Minister at the Greater Christ Baptist Church on Detroit’s eastside.    Why are you running? Because I believe I’m the only candidate who can truly transform the nature of this city. The word ‘transformation’ is easy to use, but it’s very difficult to do for if you’ve never done it. And where I’m coming from, I don’t understand how they (Mayor Mike Duggan and WCE Warren Evans) can truly be transformative when they are simply an extension of what’s always been. Both Duggan and Evans come from the line of Ed McNamara. But really what I’m talking about is looking at the experiences I’ve had over the years that have [resulted in] transformation. I was executive vice president of Meijer in Grand Rapids. By 2003 we faced a crisis. The company seriously had the possibility of going out of business. Because the competition from WalMart and others was so severe. And we went through what was called a transformation effort, which meant we looked at everything we did, we looked at every operation, we looked at how people worked together, and ultimately we put together a team of people from across the entire company. …And one of the first things we had to do was figure out how we were going to reduce our cost basis. And it turned out we were one of the higher cost retailers in the district… and going at that pace we couldn’t compete with Walmart. We’d be out of business in perhaps three years? Four years? [they had to reduce their costs dramatically over a three-year period]   What is it going to take?  How do you address the people [issue]. Because that’s the real big issue here in the City of Detroit, people are talking about, well, we’re building new buildings and we’re getting new development, but ultimately nobody’s talking about how do we change the mindset of people and about people. Because I can give somebody who doesn’t have the right mindset a brand new house, and I dare you to tell me that house will be maintained if they’ve never had a house. So the question is how do we change the mindset of the people who appear to be left behind and change the mindset of those who are coming in and are running things about the people who are not them. And so part of what I’m talking about is investing in people. I mean, nobody’s going to come here because of a new stadium. You might get some investment from local folks, but you’re not going to get a significant investment. No company is going to come from Silicon Valley, or someplace similar to that, here, unless they see that 1) there’s a viable workforce, a viable well-trained workforce and 2) that it’s a safe environment, and 3) it’s a place that people find interesting to be in. But the main thing is how do you invest in people? How do you inspire them?   So how do you do that?  Well the first thing is you talk to them. Not at them, not talk around them, not talk about them, but actually be with them. One of the things I’ve learned over the years is to sit and listen to folks and hear what they have to say, and find out what’s on their minds. They aren’t going to listen to your plan unless they know that you are listening to them. So many politicians do a great job of talking and making promises that pretty much go unkept. But they don’t really listen to the people. I’m not the most powerful orator, and I clearly won’t be the best-financed candidate, but I will be the one that will listen. Perhaps better than anybody else. Because that’s where the message is.   When you talk to people during your campaign, what are you hearing?  The great part of the city has been ignored. The second part that I hear, largely from fellow ministers is that they can’t understand the drainage fees that are suddenly being charged . Someone who was once paying $750 per acre is now paying 10 times that. And they’re talking about the real issue of whether or not the churches will have to leave the city. Because they won’t be able to pay the drainage fees. And their concern is we gave away the water. We gave away control of the water, which Detroit had for many years. Another concern is crime, and more than anything else it’s the homicide rate. Yes, certain crimes are down, but the crime that concerns people the most is homicide. Detroit had more than 300 homicides in the year 2016. New York City, which is maybe 10 times the size of Detroit or more? They had 332 homicides. Now, that’s quite a comparison. Now they can talk about how they are solving crime, but that’s the stat that matters the most. Now somebody gets killed in Midtown, and they go all out, and the people that live in Midtown are calling into the police and making complaints and the police are responding with increased policing. Not too long ago, three people were killed on the east side. It barely was noticed.   How do you address that?  Well the first thing you want do is to look at what resources we have and how do we allocate those resources. And one of the best ways to allocate resources is to begin with how do we use predictive policing through technology? Many bigger cities, they can predict where crime is going to occur, and then they allocate resources according to where the hot spots are. The other way is to actually have police live in the city. That’s been a concern, and there’s been a court case saying you can’t make police officers live in the city. But what if we incentivized officers to live in the city? What if we said we will pay you a slightly higher rate if you lived in the city? There may be a problem with that, I don’t know. But what if we explored that? Bill Noakes for mayor of Detroit , Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan Also On The Michigan Chronicle: comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. Trending 17 Black gay celebrities out of the closet Meet Queen Latifah’s girlfriend Eboni Nichols The continuous rise and fall of the DeBarge family 2017 Michigan Chronicle S.W.A.G Scholarship Awards Michigan Chronicle Honors 40 Under 40 African American Leaders Celebrating 10 years of Excellence: Women of Excellence 2017 Get Informed! × Like our content? Sign up for The Michigan Chronicle's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Close Get the Michronicle in your inbox Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Thursday, March 23, 2017 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Debra Saunders Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Victor Joecks Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports NFL in Vegas Golden Knights/NHL 51s/Baseball NCAA Basketball MMA/UFC NV Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors Todd Dewey More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Golf Shriners Open Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News REV THIS WEEK Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Jobs at the RJ Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » Business SpeedVegas driving...Galaxy Theatres expects to...     Posted March 20, 2017 - 5:19pm Target unveils ambitious redesign for those in a rush, those who ramble Target unveils ambitious redesign for those in a rush, those who ramble In this Wednesday, March 2, 2016, file photo, Target Chairman and CEO Brian Cornell speaks to a group of investors, in New York. On Monday, March 20, 2017, Cornell announced an ambitious redesign of Target's stores, aimed at helping people who need to dash in for essentials to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Target unveils ambitious redesign for those in a rush, those who ramble This image provided by Target Corp. shows a rendering of an area of a redesigned Target store featuring a curved center aisle, meant to inspire people to explore the merchandise. (Target Corp. via AP) Target unveils ambitious redesign for those in a rush, those who ramble This image provided by Target Corp. shows a rendering of an area of a redesigned Target store, featuring an "ease" entrance to the grocery section. (Target Corp. via AP) Target unveils ambitious redesign for those in a rush, those who ramble This image provided by Target Corp. shows a rendering of an area of a redesigned Target store, featuring an "ease" entrance to the Exchange/Returns and Order Pickup sections of the store. (Target Corp. via AP) Target unveils ambitious redesign for those in a rush, those who ramble This image provided by Target Corp. shows a rendering of an area of a redesigned Target store, featuring an "inspiration" entrance, meant to inspire people to explore. (Target Corp. via AP) By ANNE D’INNOCENZIO THE ASSOCIATED PRESS NEW YORK — In a move to bring shoppers back to its stores, Target is embarking on an ambitious redesign aimed at helping people who need to dash in for milk to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. The new layout was unveiled by CEO Brian Cornell in Las Vegas Monday. It will feature a separate entrance and 10-minute parking for shoppers looking to pick up an online order or some essentials. New center aisles will be curved rather than squared off, to inspire people to explore, says Mark Schindele, senior vice president of Target Properties. LED track lighting will replace fluorescent fixtures, and brand boutiques meant to replicate a specialty-store feel will showcase rotating looks. The first of the redesigned stores will open in suburban Houston this fall. About 40 more stores will get the remodel treatment by October, using the Houston prototype as a template. More than 600 of Target’s 1,800 total locations are scheduled for updates over the next three years. It expects the remodeled stores to see a 2 percent to 4 percent sales bump. “We wanted the design to be flexible because that is what shopping is all about,” Schindele told The Associated Press. The remodeling is a key part of Target Corp.’s strategy to win back shoppers and rev up sales. Unlike rival Wal-Mart, which has drawn more customers and notched higher sales at established stores, Target has seen three straight quarters of declines for that sales measure, and fewer shoppers in its stores. Investing in stores is an acknowledgement that the in-person experience remains important, even as Amazon and other online retailers draw shoppers away from traditional retailers. At an investor meeting last month Target executives spoke bluntly about the shabbiness of many of the chain’s stores. It pledged to spend $7 billion on the remodeling plan and to accelerate its expansion of small-format stores, bolster its online operations, and launch new brands. “We’ve got to reimagine that store experience,” Cornell said then. “Today’s millennial shopper doesn’t enjoy shopping one of our tired stores that hasn’t been touched in 10 years.” Target has also tested new store designs in Dallas and Los Angeles, but Houston’s is the most ambitious store redesign to date. Last fall, Target launched an initiative in 25 stores in Los Angeles where it tested an updated grocery presentation with new lighting and foods to prepare single meal displayed together. The new grocery presentation was later rolled out in 16 Dallas stores. Cornell said shopper feedback in Dallas and Los Angeles has been good. The Houston prototype’s separate entrances for shoppers in a hurry and those who aren’t is among its biggest novelties. The entrance on the right will have a dedicated pickup counter for online orders. Shoppers will also have the option of having their order brought to their car. Groceries, wine and liquor will be located here, rather than in the back where they’re usually found. Seasonal essentials, like school supplies in the fall, will also be found nearby. Shoppers using the “inspiration” entrance on the left will see the brand name displays and a section highlighting seasonal fashion. Beauty, jewelry and accessories departments will be nearby. There will also be seating outside of Starbucks. An area to hold store events will be located between the two entrances. Target will tweak the format based on shoppers’ responses. “This represents our current thinking,” Schindele said, “but we are going to learn a lot.” SpeedVegas driving...Galaxy Theatres expects to...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular Javier Righetti sentenced to death for rape and murder of 15-year-old Alyssa Otremba SpeedVegas driving instructor sues to close Las Vegas track Sandoval’s first veto of 2017 session rejects voter registration initiative Las Vegas police say incident at Summerlin Hospital was ‘false alarm’ Henderson police arrest middle school teacher on suspicion of indecency toward minors Columnists Features Victor Joecks 3 things to watch for on Legislative Session Day 46   Wayne Allyn Root COMMENTARY: Renaming McCarran International Airport after Harry Reid would be a branding disaster   Victor Joecks 3 things to watch for on Legislative Session Day 45   Steve Sebelius When it comes to Nevada’s public records, the press just needs to show a little more trust   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR THU 23 FRI 24 SAT 25 SUN 26 MON 27 TUE 28 WED 29 A All Week   Loading... Search     Tweets from https://twitter.com/reviewjournal/lists/rj-business   Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive Sturbridge selectman apologizes for 'no-fly list' remark Monday Mar 20, 2017 at 8:01 PM Mar 20, 2017 at 8:01 PM Craig S. Semon Telegram & Gazette Staff @CraigSemon STURBRIDGE – A selectman made a formal apology Monday for an offhand remark he made two weeks earlier to a businessman during a board meeting.  On March 6, Ritesh Patel of Northbridge went before selectmen seeking a new common victualler license for the Subway shop inside Wal-Mart at 100 Charlton Road.  Selectman Craig A. Moran asked if Mr. Patel completed his Training for Intervention Procedures certification, which is a state requirement for sellers and servers of alcohol, when he should have asked if he completed his ServSafe training, meaning Massachusetts Food Protection Manager Training certification.  When a selectman playfully asked Mr. Moran what Subway does he go to that serves alcohol, Mr. Patel said alcohol is served at a sandwich shop at Logan Airport in boston. Mr. Moran made a joke that Mr. Patel would know this because he probably spends a lot of time sitting around airport lounges and the reason why he probably has so much time is because he’s on the “no-fly list.” Although Mr. Moran didn't continue, the "no-fly list" is a small subset of the U.S. government Terrorist Screening Database (also known as the terrorist watchlist) that contains information on known or suspected terrorists.  Monday, Mr. Moran didn't address that comment directly. He said his comment had been taken out of context and there was no malice intended, and Mr. Moran apologized and acknowledged that his comment could be taken in a different way than he intended.  “I wish to apologize for a comment I made at the last Board of Selectmen’s meeting where Mr. Patel came before the board seeking a transfer of a license for a local business,” Mr. Moran said. “I used a phrase in our talks during the meeting … which could have been taken, in hindsight, in a different light than in the context that I used it. Therefore, I must apologize to Mr. Patel and to the board, town residents and anyone else who may be offended by this comment. It was not used with any malice or ill intentions on my part.”  Selectman Priscilla C. Gimas, who was chairing the meeting and brought the matter to the newspaper, thanked Mr. Moran for his statement. Previously, she said, she received seven complaints about Mr. Moran’s comments. She would not name those who complained. Selectman Mary B. Dowling, who was also at the previous meeting but had no comment for the newspaper last week, thanked Mr. Moran for his apology and went on to say, “Personally, in my interactions with Craig on the board, he has always treated everybody very evenhandedly, fairly, regardless of a person’s race, ethnicity, gender.”  Initially, Mr. Patel, who is from India and is Hindu, said he missed the comment that Mr. Moran made. But, being made aware of it, and after watching a tape of the meeting online, Mr. Patel said he understands how people could be offended, especially with the current climate in the United States.  After a newspaper representative read Mr. Moran’s apology to Mr. Patel over the phone Monday night, Mr. Patel, who was driving to New York at the time, said he has to think about whether he is satisfied with Mr. Moran’s apology and whether the apology was enough. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel T&G Santa Woo Challenge Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Careers at the T&G Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
null
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Report Claims Amazon’s List Prices Mislead Shoppers About Discounts Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Report Claims Amazon’s List Prices Mislead Shoppers About Discounts Image courtesy of Akira Ohgaki March 20, 2017 5:46 pm EDT By Ashlee Kieler@akieler amazon consumer watchdog Is it really a sale? list price online sales pricing reference price report retail what's that cost? One aspect of shopping on Amazon is that the online retail giant appears to offer significant discounts on many of the items it sells. However, a new report alleges that these markdowns not as generous as they appear, and that many of them are effectively nonexistent.  In fact, according to the report [PDF] commissioned by Consumer Watchdog, nearly 40% of the 4,000 Amazon products looked at used reference or list prices that are not charged by other retailers. Federal regulations require that reference prices reflect prevailing market prices; retailers can not simply cherry-pick the highest competitor’s price. While Amazon’s Conditions of Use states that a product’s list price “represents the full retail price listed on the product itself, suggested by the manufacturer or supplier, or estimated in accordance with standard industry practice,” the report’s findings suggest that isn’t always the case. Of the products examined, the researchers claim that more than a quarter of the items contained reference or list prices that exceeded any plausible definition of “prevailing market price.” The report also provided specific example’s of Amazon’s allegedly problematic list prices. For example, a Pneumatic brand drill advertised on Amazon contained a list price of $305 and an actual price of $182.99, representing a 40% discount. However, the researchers found that other retailers selling the same drill at a price comparable to the supposed sale price: Jet.com sold the drill for the same $182.99, while Walmart charged $189.99. A more recent look at Amazon found that the drill’s listing no longer contains the crossed out list price. The original listing found by Consumer Watchdog (left), the current listing (right). In another example, the report found that an Acer laptop had a list price of $799 (on sale for $718), while Acer listed the product price at $749. Additionally, a Google Shopping search conducted by researchers found that not one of the 125 online stores that carried the laptop sold it for $799. Because Amazon does not specify how it comes up with list prices and the definition of prevailing market price could apply to the average, mean, or most common prices for the products on the market, the researcher examined each figure. When it came to average prices, the report found that 71% of the products examined in the study were more expensive than the list prices of competitor’s sales. In some cases the difference was significant, the report found, as Amazon’s reference price was an average of $18.88 higher than market mean. As for median — or middle — prices, researchers found that 74% of the product contained prices that were greater than the median cost offered by competitor. In fact, on average, the report found that Amazon’s reference prices overstate the median market prices by $22 or about 20%. Researchers also investigated how Amazon’s prices stacked up against the most used prices of other competitors. In this respect, 50% of Amazon’s reference prices exceed the most common price charged by rivals. The average difference between Amazon’s list price and the most used prices by competitors was about $4. “In other words, the reference prices were an entirely bogus notional price that created the false impression that customers were getting a deal when they were not,” Consumer Watchdog said in a statement Monday. We’ve reached out to Amazon about Consumer Watchdog’s findings and the request for California to investigate the pricing practices. We’ll update this post when we hear back. UPDATE: Amazon has sent the following statement to Consumerist, which we are publishing in its entirety — “The Consumer Watchdog report is misleading. Manufacturers, vendors and sellers provide list prices, but our customers care about how the price they are paying compares to other retailers. We validate list prices against actual prices recently found across Amazon and other retailers, and we eliminate List Price when we believe it isn’t relevant to our customers. Using recent price history of the product on Amazon we’ve also introduced a ‘Was’ price to provide customers with an alternative reference price when we don’t display List Price.” March 20, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler amazon consumer watchdog Is it really a sale? list price online sales pricing reference price report retail what's that cost? Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related always on sale Is Amazon Removing List Prices From Product Pages? rival deal days Walmart Crashes Amazon’s Deal-Filled Birthday Party, Announces Its Own Mega Online Sale gaining ground Analyst: Best Buy’s Prices Now Much Closer To Amazon’s Well That's Another Route Amazon’s Latest Attempt To Resolve Feud With Publisher Involves Offering Authors 100% Of e-Book Sales Taking the Bull By The Horns Walmart, Other Retailers Slash Price Of Hachette Books Amid Amazon’s Ongoing Feud With The Publisher Previous Why Isn’t It Easier To File Your Tax Return For Free? Thank TurboTax, H&R Block Next Costco, Titleist Go To War Over Golf Balls Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Costco, Titleist Go To War Over Golf Balls Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews Mechanicsville Couple Arrested for Shooting up Heroin in Prince Frederick Walmart Parking Lot March 20, 2017 Ashley Nelson, 26, and James Preston, 22,both of Mechanicsville On Saturday, March 18, 2017, Deputy P. Wood of the Calvert County Sheriff’s Office was dispatched to the Prince Frederick Walmart parking lot for a report that persons were seen in a car using drugs. He located the vehicle and made contact with the occupants who had visible track marks on their arms. His K9 partner gave a positive alert to the presence of narcotics in the vehicle. Found in the jacket pocket of the driver, James Preston, 22, of Mechanicsville, was a plastic bag (with a metal spoon and cotton filter) containing Heroin residue and six (6) hypodermic needles, one (1) loaded with Heroin. Also found was a small bag in a purse containing a metal spoon with burnt Heroin residue and eight (8) hypodermic needles. The purse belonged to the female passenger, Ashley Nelson, 26, also of Mechanicsville. Both were placed under arrest for Possession of Heroin, Possession of Controlled Paraphernalia and Possession of Paraphernalia. James Preston, 22, of Mechanicsville Ashley Nelson, 26, of Mechanicsville Ashley Nelson, 26, and James Preston, 22,both of Mechanicsville This entry was posted on March 20, 2017 at 6:08 pm and is filed under All News, Calvert News, Community, County, Law Enforcement, Top News, z 600X120 Top Ad Bottom, z Police Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. 39 Responses to Mechanicsville Couple Arrested for Shooting up Heroin in Prince Frederick Walmart Parking Lot Anonymous on March 20, 2017 at 6:19 pm Trump supporters, whose grandma will lose her meal wheels, while they getting high. Reply Rock McClure on March 21, 2017 at 12:11 am More like Hillary zombies that need to stay high, just to cope with that crooked witches loss. Good luck in finding a job, you are gonna need it, the taxpayers are not going to support you and yours anymore. Reply Sean on March 21, 2017 at 6:41 am Go learn some comprehension skills and practice your writing skills. No one has clue to what you are talking about. Reply Bob Lob Law on March 21, 2017 at 7:48 am We won, accept it. Reply PButter on March 21, 2017 at 9:01 am Why do dummies like you have to tie everything into politics just because you cant accept Democratic defeat in the election? Reply Ura Douche on March 21, 2017 at 10:10 pm Don’t melt the snowflake, they don’t know any better. If I remember correctly, it’s the democrats that want to legalize drugs so people like this can be a burden on our society, rape our children, steal from the innocent. There should be discretion in law enforcement. With this much evidence on scene, maybe we should just let them overdose and not be a burden on the taxpayers. Reply Helpmecuzz on March 21, 2017 at 9:02 am 6th Grade Education?? Reply the truth on March 21, 2017 at 9:13 am 100% correct Reply Anonymous on March 21, 2017 at 1:52 pm I think this is what liberal Maryland brings along with all of the illegals… comes the heroin… Reply Anonymous on March 21, 2017 at 3:46 pm obama supporter; your brain fell out…again, gfy Reply Anonymous on March 20, 2017 at 6:38 pm Yeah Ashley was doing so well going back and forth to rehab in Florida LLS Reply Anonymous on March 20, 2017 at 6:38 pm I was doing so well going back and forth to rehab in Florida LLS Reply Trixie on March 21, 2017 at 9:07 am I just want to go to Florida! Rehab, or not! Reply Ura Douche on March 21, 2017 at 10:11 pm tried to make her go to rehab, she said no no no Instead she’s up with amishboy here. Reply Anonymous on March 20, 2017 at 6:52 pm I love the combo pic of the two of them… he’s got a “eww, I just slept with that thing”. Reply Big Cookie on March 20, 2017 at 6:54 pm With due respect, someone please tell this stupid B**ch to wipe the smile off her face. She’s a heroin addict and she’s just been arrested. Her idiot boyfriend is a loser. Her prospects for her future are dim at best. What does she have to be happy about? Reply Ms. Justice bb on March 21, 2017 at 12:47 pm As James Brown said that white ghost will:RIDE YOU TO HELL! Reply Confused on March 20, 2017 at 7:02 pm Damn shame.. keep getting twisted and they have a world of friend that care about them.. Reply Anonymous on March 20, 2017 at 8:46 pm She’s smiling like she’s enjoying about to go to jail , y’all need to get y’alls life together! And stop thinking it’s cute or funny to break the law Reply Trixie on March 21, 2017 at 9:08 am Shh! She thinks she’s going to Florida. Don’t spoil the surprise! Reply Country boy on March 20, 2017 at 8:57 pm Damn man it’s a shame how drugs change people , this girl used to be beautiful a few years ago what a shame what a shame . I really hope she will learn from this and get the treatment that she needs Reply Bob Lob Law on March 21, 2017 at 8:05 am She still looks good to me. She’s not close to the super models you date, but not everyone can be that lucky. Reply BobbyDigger on March 20, 2017 at 9:05 pm Looks like he shot up in his forehead! Reply SeaOfJoy on March 21, 2017 at 8:50 am Lol Reply Teri on March 20, 2017 at 9:42 pm She looks so happy that she’s being arrested. You can tell by the sores all over his pick face that he has a drug problem. Reply . on March 20, 2017 at 9:50 pm OMG MORE FESTERING SCABS FACES AND THERE VERY SMALL MOMENT OF FAME Reply britt on March 20, 2017 at 9:55 pm what a good looking couple! Hey Charles Manson! Reply Willie on March 21, 2017 at 12:16 am Laugh it up sunshine! You just made the wall of shame. Reply Earl real on March 21, 2017 at 1:43 am Taliban Reply Yolonda on March 21, 2017 at 6:37 am Young lives ruined, it’s sad Reply Anonymous B on March 21, 2017 at 8:06 am More POS junkies. There goes more of our tax money down the crapper. Maybe next time they won’t get caught, they can drive high and take out a bunch of innocent people. Sad thing is they probably wouldn’t even care, they would just be mad that they lost their buzz. Reply Old friend who cares on March 21, 2017 at 8:13 am To think I was best friends with this girl in high school and where she is now . it’s just sad people should watch what they say if you have never had a problem with drugs . then you don’t know how it feels . she is from a very good family and I know this is killing them to see her his way . you had everything going so good for you why would you do this Ashley . Reply Her Mom on March 21, 2017 at 8:23 am Awww look… she dressed up for her picture. What losers. Reply PButter on March 21, 2017 at 9:03 am Maybe they were upset that they will be losing their tax funded Obamacare soon Reply Annette Grigsby on March 21, 2017 at 9:30 am Aw, baby girl, let me know if there is anything you need. Don’t listen to any of the negative things that people are saying on here. You are a good person and always have a smile on your face every time I see you! I was also in Rehab in January in Florida so I definitely know what it is like to go through mishaps. Keep your head up and know that there are people out there that love you. xoxo Reply Willie on March 21, 2017 at 11:13 pm Enable much? This girl needs a swift kick in the rear. She needs to wake up before she doesn’t wake up. Reply Erin on March 21, 2017 at 10:18 am I’m a recovering heroin addict i have 2 years clean. I hope they find a way to get better or they’ll die or be in prison… Reply Anonymous on March 21, 2017 at 12:28 pm I went to youth group with this guy. He’s kind of always been a dick, so Im glad he’s getting what he deserves. Reply Anonymous on March 21, 2017 at 6:00 pm Amish guy and a skank! Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment * Name Email Southern Maryland Weather 30° clear sky humidity: 36% wind: 7mph N H 46 • L 30 52° Fri 72° Sat 72° Sun 71° Mon 78° Tue extended forecast Weather from OpenWeatherMap Archives March 2017 (239) February 2017 (241) January 2017 (250) December 2016 (241) November 2016 (256) October 2016 (319) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (275) July 2016 (240) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (372) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (324) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (296) December 2015 (299) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (264) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (594) June 2013 (560) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
MENU GO 52 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Skyview 13 Crime Map Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Traffic Live Stream Circa more... News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Skyview 13 Crime Map Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Traffic Live Stream Circa Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Skyview 13 Crime Map Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Skyview 13 Crime Map Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Skyview 13 Crime Map Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Partner Spotlight Traffic Live Stream Circa component-ddb-728x90-v1-01-desktop GALLERY: New photos released of suspect in AMBER Alert of Elizabeth Thomas by WZTV Staff New photos released of suspect in AMBER Alert of Elizabeth Thomas (Tennessee Bureau of Investigations) VIEW PHOTO GALLERY19 photos AA COLUMBIA, Tenn. (WZTV) —  The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation has released new photos in the AMBER Alert of Elizabeth Thomas, including a photo of Thomas and her former teacher at school in January, days before he is alleged to have had inappropriate contact with the teen. Thomas, 15, is believed to be with her former teacher, 50-year-old Tad Cummins. Cummins is wanted for aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor. He is now on the TBI's Top 10 Most Wanted List. The photos released on Monday show Cummins the week prior to kidnapping Thomas. In a news conference Monday, TBI spokesperson Josh DeVine said they are releasing the new photos in order to give people a better sense of what Thomas and Cummins might look like. This is the most recent photo of Thomas. DeVine said this is what they believe Thomas most looks like, which echoes the description of her the last outfit she was seen wearing. "We do not believe Elizabeth Thomas left with a large amount of stuff," DeVine said. "She might very well have the same clothing she left with. She might be wearing that same clothing." DeVine also said he believes Cummins might be wearing the same clothing he left with. TBI released security video of Cummins in the Columbia, Tenn. Walmart TBI's concerns for Thomas' well-being are growing. Agents have said they have"no idea" where Thomas and Cummins are and have received no credible sightings, although they have received 250 tips from 24 different states. "There have been no credible sitings and that's very rare for an AMBER Alert now almost seven days in to not have at least one credible sighting," DeVine said. TBI asked people who live on rural property to drive around their property and look at their land for anything suspicious. As for the silver Nissan Rogue TBI believes Cummins is driving, the agency said it's possible they are in a different vehicle. TBI is asking people with large business parking lots or parking garages to look around for the vehicle. "If it's possible, we've thought of it and we're trying to use it, and they have not proven successful at this point," DeVine said. TBI said Thomas is definitely a victim though she may not know it. DeVine gave the following message to Elizabeth: "We're still coming for you. We're going to do everything in our possibility, everything in our capabilities to bring you home. Your family wants you here and your friends want you here." TBI said to Cummins that he still has the chance to do the right thing because this is not who his church, family or grandkids knows him to be. This echoes his wife's plea given in a news conference last week. \ Thomas and Cummins both posted to Instagram the day they both went missing. The TBI has not confirmed to Fox 17 these accounts belong to Thomas and Cummins but said Cummins may have planned to disappear with Thomas for weeks. In her bio Thomas describes herself as a wife. On March 12th, Thomas wrote the caption #missioncompleted on a post that reads, “one day someone will hug you so tight, that all of your broken pieces will fit back together.” The day they went missing, Cummins posted "something beautiful is on the horizon." The FBI and National Center for Missing & Exploited Children are involved in the case. Anyone who sees Cummins or Thomas should call 911 immediately. Anyone with information on their whereabouts should call 1-800-TBI-FIND. close News In Pictures GALLERY | New Hendersonville K-9 police officers Gallery: Police investigating terror attack near UK Parliament New details released of AMBER Alert kidnapping suspect's 'troubling pattern of behavior' PHOTOS: Terror attack in London Trending 1   New details released of AMBER Alert kidnapping suspect's 'troubling pattern of behavior' 2   Burnsville woman found stabbed to death in DC 3   Polk County man charged with attempted murder in girlfriend's stabbing 4   Trump calls out N.C. Rep. Meadows: 'I'm coming after you' 5   Former Swain DSS worker pleads guilty to forgery in Cherokee toddler's death DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with WLOS Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO LOADING ShareTweet × Trending 1 New details released of AMBER Alert kidnapping suspect's 'troubling pattern of behavior' 2 Burnsville woman found stabbed to death in DC 3 Polk County man charged with attempted murder in girlfriend's stabbing 4 Trump calls out N.C. Rep. Meadows: 'I'm coming after you' 5 Former Swain DSS worker pleads guilty to forgery in Cherokee toddler's death 6 Top local stories we are following today 7 Full appeals court to hear challenge to prayers at meetings 8 Swain County Schools on 2-hour delay after strong storms 9 Family struggles to get on its feet after truck crashes into home 10 Buncombe deputies ask for help finding 3 kidnapping suspects considered armed, dangerous
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, Mar 23, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Business Target revamps stores for those in a rush, those who ramble ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on March 20, 2017 This image provided by Target Corp. shows a rendering of an area of a redesigned Target store featuring a curved center aisle, meant to inspire people to explore the merchandise. ASSOCIATED PRESS This image provided by Target Corp. shows a rendering of an area of a redesigned Target store, featuring an "ease" entrance to the Exchange/Returns and Order Pickup sections of the store. ASSOCIATED PRESS This image provided by Target Corp. shows a rendering of an area of a redesigned Target store. ASSOCIATED PRESS This image provided by Target Corp. shows a rendering of an area of a redesigned Target store. ASSOCIATED PRESS Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — In a move to bring shoppers back to its stores, Target is embarking on an ambitious redesign aimed at helping people who need to dash in for milk to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. The new layout was unveiled by CEO Brian Cornell in Las Vegas today. It will feature a separate entrance and 10-minute parking for shoppers looking to pick up an online order or some essentials. New center aisles will be curved rather than squared off, to inspire people to explore, says Mark Schindele, senior vice president of Target Properties. LED track lighting will replace fluorescent fixtures, and brand boutiques meant to replicate a specialty-store feel will showcase rotating looks. This image provided by Target Corp. shows a rendering of an area of a redesigned Target store. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge The first of the redesigned stores will open in suburban Houston this fall. About 40 more stores will get the remodel treatment by October, using the Houston prototype as a template. More than 600 of Target’s 1,800 total locations are scheduled for updates over the next three years. It expects the remodeled stores to see a 2 percent to 4 percent sales bump. “We wanted the design to be flexible because that is what shopping is all about,” Schindele told The Associated Press. The remodeling is a key part of Target Corp.‘s strategy to win back shoppers and rev up sales. Unlike rival Wal-Mart, which has drawn more customers and notched higher sales at established stores, Target has seen three straight quarters of declines for that sales measure, and fewer shoppers in its stores. Investing in stores is an acknowledgement that the in-person experience remains important, even as Amazon and other online retailers draw shoppers away from traditional retailers. At an investor meeting last month Target executives spoke bluntly about the shabbiness of many of the chain’s stores. It pledged to spend $7 billion on the remodeling plan and to accelerate its expansion of small-format stores, bolster its online operations, and launch new brands. “We’ve got to reimagine that store experience,” Cornell said then. “Today’s millennial shopper doesn’t enjoy shopping one of our tired stores that hasn’t been touched in 10 years.” Target has also tested new store designs in Dallas and Los Angeles, but Houston’s is the most ambitious store redesign to date. Last fall, Target launched an initiative in 25 stores in Los Angeles where it tested an updated grocery presentation with new lighting and foods to prepare single meal displayed together. The new grocery presentation was later rolled out in 16 Dallas stores. Cornell said shopper feedback in Dallas and Los Angeles has been good. The Houston prototype’s separate entrances for shoppers in a hurry and those who aren’t is among its biggest novelties. The entrance on the right will have a dedicated pickup counter for online orders. Shoppers will also have the option of having their order brought to their car. Groceries, wine and liquor will be located here, rather than in the back where they’re usually found. Seasonal essentials, like school supplies in the fall, will also be found nearby. Shoppers using the “inspiration” entrance on the left will see the brand name displays and a section highlighting seasonal fashion. Beauty, jewelry and accessories departments will be nearby. There will also be seating outside of Starbucks. An area to hold store events will be located between the two entrances. Target will tweak the format based on shoppers’ responses. “This represents our current thinking,” Schindele said, “but we are going to learn a lot.” Related Items Target Corp , Wal-Mart Stores Inc , houston , texas , united states , north america Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Same-old-same-old pay raise?•VA's hiring problem•Military's backbone•ICE needs 10K agents Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Target revamps stores for… Target revamps stores for those in a rush, those who ramble By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO and The Associated Press March 20, 2017 5:42 pm 3 min read Share NEW YORK (AP) — In a move to bring shoppers back to its stores, Target is embarking on an ambitious redesign aimed at helping people who need to dash in for milk to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. The new layout was unveiled by CEO Brian Cornell in Las Vegas Monday. It will feature a separate entrance and 10-minute parking for shoppers looking to pick up an online order or some essentials. New center aisles will be curved rather than squared off, to inspire people to explore, says Mark Schindele, senior vice president of Target Properties. LED track lighting will replace fluorescent fixtures, and brand boutiques meant to replicate a specialty-store feel will showcase rotating looks. The first of the redesigned stores will open in suburban Houston this fall. About 40 more stores will get the remodel treatment by October, using the Houston prototype as a template. More than 600 of Target’s 1,800 total locations are scheduled for updates over the next three years. It expects the remodeled stores to see a 2 percent to 4 percent sales bump. Sponsored Content: Why Governance, Risk and Compliance is Everyone’s Business - Download the Executive Brief Today. “We wanted the design to be flexible because that is what shopping is all about,” Schindele told The Associated Press. Advertisement The remodeling is a key part of Target Corp.’s strategy to win back shoppers and rev up sales. Unlike rival Wal-Mart, which has drawn more customers and notched higher sales at established stores, Target has seen three straight quarters of declines for that sales measure, and fewer shoppers in its stores. Investing in stores is an acknowledgement that the in-person experience remains important, even as Amazon and other online retailers draw shoppers away from traditional retailers. At an investor meeting last month Target executives spoke bluntly about the shabbiness of many of the chain’s stores. It pledged to spend $7 billion on the remodeling plan and to accelerate its expansion of small-format stores, bolster its online operations, and launch new brands. “We’ve got to reimagine that store experience,” Cornell said then. “Today’s millennial shopper doesn’t enjoy shopping one of our tired stores that hasn’t been touched in 10 years.” Target has also tested new store designs in Dallas and Los Angeles, but Houston’s is the most ambitious store redesign to date. Last fall, Target launched an initiative in 25 stores in Los Angeles where it tested an updated grocery presentation with new lighting and foods to prepare single meal displayed together. The new grocery presentation was later rolled out in 16 Dallas stores. Cornell said shopper feedback in Dallas and Los Angeles has been good. The Houston prototype’s separate entrances for shoppers in a hurry and those who aren’t is among its biggest novelties. The entrance on the right will have a dedicated pickup counter for online orders. Shoppers will also have the option of having their order brought to their car. Groceries, wine and liquor will be located here, rather than in the back where they’re usually found. Seasonal essentials, like school supplies in the fall, will also be found nearby. Shoppers using the “inspiration” entrance on the left will see the brand name displays and a section highlighting seasonal fashion. Beauty, jewelry and accessories departments will be nearby. There will also be seating outside of Starbucks. An area to hold store events will be located between the two entrances. Target will tweak the format based on shoppers’ responses. “This represents our current thinking,” Schindele said, “but we are going to learn a lot.” ____________________ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Topics: All News Business News Lifestyle News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Target revamps stores for… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1983: Reagan calls for new antimissile technology Federal News Radio presents a daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Photo of the Day Gary Sinise receives award at USO awards dinner Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Top Stories Workforce 'horror stories' leave jobs unfilled, CBP, ICE tell Senate Top Story Air Force and Army will be hit hard by yearlong CR Defense Will Trump follow longstanding tradition for adjusting federal pay in 2018? Pay Why some lawmakers are making recruitment calls to get new talent into the VA Hearings/Oversight 10 years later, State better equipped for anticipated flood of passport applications Exclusive THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Mar 22, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.6847 0.0055 1.39% L 2020 25.0854 0.0102 2.42% L 2030 27.7720 0.0142 3.47% L 2040 29.8109 0.0167 3.99% L 2050 17.0466 0.0098 4.47% G Fund 15.2672 0.0010 0.38% F Fund 17.5956 0.0360 0.94% C Fund 32.5407 0.0620 5.95% S Fund 41.8781 0.0222 4.66% I Fund 26.2056 -0.0460 4.37% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Federal News Radio Featured Events, Partnerships, and Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Top Stories Neighborhoods Stevens Point Plover Hull Whiting Park Ridge Business Roadway & Construction Community Photo of the Day Education Inside the Schools Wellness Outdoors & Sustainability Crime Police & Sheriff Calls Court Appearances Opinion Editorial Open Letters Financially Speaking Food Obits Classifieds E-Edition Contact Top Stories Neighborhoods Stevens Point Plover Hull Whiting Park Ridge Business Roadway & Construction Community Photo of the Day Education Inside the Schools Wellness Outdoors & Sustainability Crime Police & Sheriff Calls Court Appearances Opinion Editorial Open Letters Financially Speaking Food Obits Classifieds E-Edition Contact Go to ...Top Stories Neighborhoods– Stevens Point – Plover – Hull – Whiting – Park Ridge Business– Roadway & Construction Community– Photo of the Day – Education– – Inside the Schools – Wellness – Outdoors & Sustainability Crime– Police & Sheriff Calls – Court Appearances Opinion– Editorial – Open Letters – Financially Speaking – Food Obits Classifieds– E-Edition Contact HomeCommunity NewsDave’s Body Shop Continues Tradition of Givi ... Previous Next Dave’s Body Shop Continues Tradition of Giving Dave Suchon looks over the latest batch of bicycles he purchased for donation -- with most going towards the city's Easter Egg Roll. (City Times photo) March 20, 2017 By Brandi Makuski There’s no such thing as a slow day at Dave’s Body Shop, but owner Dave Suchon never thinks twice when it comes to helping someone else. Through both his auto body business, and privately with his wife, Donna, Suchon has conducted fundraisers for local residents battling cancer and other life-threatening illnesses, and regularly works with Stevens Point schoolteachers to provide local kids with new bicycles. “I’ll get a call and they’ll say, ‘Hey, Dave, we got a kid whose family doesn’t have a lot of money. Can you help?’,” Suchon said. “And we just go to Walmart and get the kid a new bike.” Suchon said he and his wife have already donated 32 brand new bicycles since the start of 2017, with more likely to come. Suchon’s got a long history of giving back to the community. He’s been donating bicycles and nonperishable food items since about 1988. In 2014, he donated $1,000 in labor and services to upgrade four backboards for the Washington Elementary basketball courts. He donates hundreds of pounds of food to residents at Hi-Rise Manor twice a year, and gives away dozens of new bicycles to local youth on an annual basis. He and his wife even paid the city’s water bill for one month after watching kids enjoy the downtown fountain. But bikes are his bailiwick, he said, because they always bring a smile to someone else’s face. “When we were kids, the bikes weren’t this nice-looking,” he said on March 16, as he looked over about a dozen new bikes he’d just purchased. Six of the bikes were being donated for the city’s annual Easter Egg Roll; the others were headed to various local churches and schools. “It just helps the community, ya know; everybody needs a bike, or they know someone who does,” he said. “It makes a kid happy, and it sure puts a smile on my face when I put a smile on someone else’s face, ya know?” Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Share! Comments comments Related Posts Noon Optimist Club Honors Local Student Comments comments Fruit Truck Headed to Point, Plover Comments comments Students Raise Whopping $2500 for Honor Flight Comments comments Rep. Shankland to Hold Budget Office Hours on Monday Comments comments Close  Copyright © 2016 Multi Media Channels Contact Us Advertise With Us About Us
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Target revamps stores for those in a rush, those who ramble By Associated Press Published: 17:44 EDT, 20 March 2017 | Updated: 17:45 EDT, 20 March 2017 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) - In a move to bring shoppers back to its stores, Target is embarking on an ambitious redesign aimed at helping people who need to dash in for milk to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. The new layout was unveiled by CEO Brian Cornell in Las Vegas Monday. It will feature a separate entrance and 10-minute parking for shoppers looking to pick up an online order or some essentials. New center aisles will be curved rather than squared off, to inspire people to explore, says Mark Schindele, senior vice president of Target Properties. LED track lighting will replace fluorescent fixtures, and brand boutiques meant to replicate a specialty-store feel will showcase rotating looks. The first of the redesigned stores will open in suburban Houston this fall. About 40 more stores will get the remodel treatment by October, using the Houston prototype as a template. More than 600 of Target's 1,800 total locations are scheduled for updates over the next three years. It expects the remodeled stores to see a 2 percent to 4 percent sales bump. FILE - In this Wednesday, March 2, 2016, file photo, Target Chairman and CEO Brian Cornell speaks to a group of investors, in New York. On Monday, March 20, 2017, Cornell announced an ambitious redesign of Target's stores, aimed at helping people who need to dash in for essentials to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) "We wanted the design to be flexible because that is what shopping is all about," Schindele told The Associated Press. The remodeling is a key part of Target Corp.'s strategy to win back shoppers and rev up sales. Unlike rival Wal-Mart, which has drawn more customers and notched higher sales at established stores, Target has seen three straight quarters of declines for that sales measure, and fewer shoppers in its stores. Investing in stores is an acknowledgement that the in-person experience remains important, even as Amazon and other online retailers draw shoppers away from traditional retailers. At an investor meeting last month Target executives spoke bluntly about the shabbiness of many of the chain's stores. It pledged to spend $7 billion on the remodeling plan and to accelerate its expansion of small-format stores, bolster its online operations, and launch new brands. "We've got to reimagine that store experience," Cornell said then. "Today's millennial shopper doesn't enjoy shopping one of our tired stores that hasn't been touched in 10 years." Target has also tested new store designs in Dallas and Los Angeles, but Houston's is the most ambitious store redesign to date. Last fall, Target launched an initiative in 25 stores in Los Angeles where it tested an updated grocery presentation with new lighting and foods to prepare single meal displayed together. The new grocery presentation was later rolled out in 16 Dallas stores. Cornell said shopper feedback in Dallas and Los Angeles has been good. The Houston prototype's separate entrances for shoppers in a hurry and those who aren't is among its biggest novelties. The entrance on the right will have a dedicated pickup counter for online orders. Shoppers will also have the option of having their order brought to their car. Groceries, wine and liquor will be located here, rather than in the back where they're usually found. Seasonal essentials, like school supplies in the fall, will also be found nearby. Shoppers using the "inspiration" entrance on the left will see the brand name displays and a section highlighting seasonal fashion. Beauty, jewelry and accessories departments will be nearby. There will also be seating outside of Starbucks. An area to hold store events will be located between the two entrances. Target will tweak the format based on shoppers' responses. "This represents our current thinking," Schindele said, "but we are going to learn a lot." ____________________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio This image provided by Target Corp. shows a rendering of an area of a redesigned Target store featuring a curved center aisle, meant to inspire people to explore the merchandise. On Monday, March 20, 2017, Target announced an ambitious redesign of its stores, aimed at helping people who need to dash in for essentials to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. The new layout will feature a separate entrance for shoppers who can use 10-minute parking to pick up an online order or some essentials. It will also have curved, more circular center aisles, instead of squared-off lines, meant to inspire people to explore. (Target Corp. via AP) This image provided by Target Corp. shows a rendering of an area of a redesigned Target store, featuring an "ease" entrance to the grocery section. On Monday, March 20, 2017, Target announced an ambitious redesign of its stores, aimed at helping people who need to dash in for essentials to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. The new layout will feature a separate entrance for shoppers who can use 10-minute parking to pick up an online order or some essentials. It will also have curved, more circular center aisles, instead of squared-off lines, meant to inspire people to explore. (Target Corp. via AP) This image provided by Target Corp. shows a rendering of an area of a redesigned Target store, featuring an "ease" entrance to the Exchange/Returns and Order Pickup sections of the store. On Monday, March 20, 2017, Target announced an ambitious redesign of its stores, aimed at helping people who need to dash in for essentials to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. (Target Corp. via AP) This image provided by Target Corp. shows a rendering of an area of a redesigned Target store, featuring an "inspiration" entrance, meant to inspire people to explore. On Monday, March 20, 2017, Target announced an ambitious redesign of its stores, aimed at helping people who need to dash in for essentials to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. The new layout will feature a separate entrance for shoppers who can use 10-minute parking to pick up an online order or some essentials. It will also have curved, more circular center aisles, instead of squared-off lines, meant to inspire people to explore. (Target Corp. via AP) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / World Target revamps stores for those in a rush, those who ramble Share on Facebook A A Report an Error Share via Email Print FILE - In this Wednesday, March 2, 2016, file photo, Target Chairman and CEO Brian Cornell speaks to a group of investors, in New York. On Monday, March 20, 2017, Cornell announced an ambitious redesign of Target's stores, aimed at helping people who need to dash in for essentials to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) By: Anne D'Innocenzio The Associated Press Published on NEW YORK — In a move to bring shoppers back to its stores, Target is embarking on an ambitious redesign aimed at helping people who need to dash in for milk to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. The new layout was unveiled by CEO Brian Cornell in Las Vegas Monday. It will feature a separate entrance and 10-minute parking for shoppers looking to pick up an online order or some essentials. New centre aisles will be curved rather than squared off, to inspire people to explore, says Mark Schindele, senior vice-president of Target Properties. LED track lighting will replace fluorescent fixtures, and brand boutiques meant to replicate a specialty-store feel will showcase rotating looks. The first of the redesigned stores will open in suburban Houston this fall. About 40 more stores will get the remodel treatment by October, using the Houston prototype as a template. More than 600 of Target's 1,800 total locations are scheduled for updates over the next three years. It expects the remodeled stores to see a 2 per cent to 4 per cent sales bump. "We wanted the design to be flexible because that is what shopping is all about," Schindele told The Associated Press. The remodeling is a key part of Target Corp.'s strategy to win back shoppers and rev up sales. Unlike rival Wal-Mart, which has drawn more customers and notched higher sales at established stores, Target has seen three straight quarters of declines for that sales measure, and fewer shoppers in its stores. Investing in stores is an acknowledgement that the in-person experience remains important, even as Amazon and other online retailers draw shoppers away from traditional retailers. At an investor meeting last month Target executives spoke bluntly about the shabbiness of many of the chain's stores. It pledged to spend $7 billion on the remodeling plan and to accelerate its expansion of small-format stores, bolster its online operations, and launch new brands. "We've got to reimagine that store experience," Cornell said then. "Today's millennial shopper doesn't enjoy shopping one of our tired stores that hasn't been touched in 10 years." Target has also tested new store designs in Dallas and Los Angeles, but Houston's is the most ambitious store redesign to date. Last fall, Target launched an initiative in 25 stores in Los Angeles where it tested an updated grocery presentation with new lighting and foods to prepare single meal displayed together. The new grocery presentation was later rolled out in 16 Dallas stores. Cornell said shopper feedback in Dallas and Los Angeles has been good. The Houston prototype's separate entrances for shoppers in a hurry and those who aren't is among its biggest novelties. The entrance on the right will have a dedicated pickup counter for online orders. Shoppers will also have the option of having their order brought to their car. Groceries, wine and liquor will be located here, rather than in the back where they're usually found. Seasonal essentials, like school supplies in the fall, will also be found nearby. Shoppers using the "inspiration" entrance on the left will see the brand name displays and a section highlighting seasonal fashion. Beauty, jewelry and accessories departments will be nearby. There will also be seating outside of Starbucks. An area to hold store events will be located between the two entrances. Target will tweak the format based on shoppers' responses. "This represents our current thinking," Schindele said, "but we are going to learn a lot." ____________________ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Editors' Picks Cheerios' 'Bring Back The Bees' campaign flies into trouble China brings facial recognition to fight against toilet paper thieves Video: Wyclef Jean cuffed by LAPD in case of 'mistaken identity' Safe Space Ep. 4: To the left and to the far right More on Metronews.ca Most Popular Budget 2017: Liberals to cut tax credit for public transit passes Halifax-area man dead after being struck by car on Highway 103 Nova Scotia intimate-photo case results in guilty pleas from all six accused Netflix can chill? Not so fast as Uber tax opens door for long-awaited tariff on streaming Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Genomics in Healthcare: A Game-Changer That’s Just Getting Started Gene sequencing is cheaper and more prominent than ever before, but it’s still very early innings for this revolutionary technology. Motley Fool Staff Mar 20, 2017 at 2:42PM Gene sequencing is playing a huge role in the push toward personalized medicine. The cost to sequence a genome is declining exponentially, and the amount of genomes that have been sequenced are rising in step. However, there are still plenty of hurdles to overcome. In this clip from Industry Focus: Healthcare, the team discusses the role that genomics will play in healthcare and what risks remain. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on March 15, 2017. Kristine Harjes: What role do you think that genomics and this trend will play in healthcare more broadly? Simon Erickson: Oh, yeah, that's right. The consumer test, the DNA test we were talking about before, are kind of limited in what the information they're giving you back is. If you want the whole enchilada, you need to look at the entire human genome. There's 18,000 unique human genes about in human beings. If you're looking at the entire picture, we're learning more about genes that we didn't know so much about before. That's really the driver for better drug development, for better treatment options. It's all in the information. That information is stored within the human genome. There's less than 2 million people that have had a full genome sequence done in the world today, which doesn't sound like a lot, Kristine, but when you consider that four years ago, that number was 40,000, we're seeing that exponential growth of how many of these are actually being done out there. Harjes: Right. A huge thing that driving that is affordability. Erickson: Absolutely. The Human Genome Project back in 1990 took about 13 years and $3 billion to sequence one person's genome. That fell, in 10 years, to about $100 million. Then, it was $30,000 a decade after that. Today, it's less than $1,000. As those costs come down, you're starting to see this pick up a lot more and more, and that's really unlocking the information. Harjes: Right. On Sunday, former Vice President Joe Biden was giving a talk, and he was pretty much pleading with the tech crowd that was gathered there to hear him to fight for a cure for cancer. As a reminder, Biden's cancer moonshot initiative was designed to tackle cancer through personalized medicine, which is exactly what you're talking about. It uses information such as your genetic makeup to find treatments that are tailored to the individual. So, given that personalized medicine is becoming more and more commonplace, what are some of the hurdles and the risks associated with that approach? Erickson: I think you have to say that privacy is probably the primary hurdle right now. Like we mentioned before, there's a lot of hesitation from a lot of individuals to provide very personal information, probably the most personal information you can provide is who you are as a person, your genome, or your healthcare data. I think there's still somewhere between hesitation and fear of having that out there. Who owns that data? How is that going to be used? There is a federal law called GINA that provides protection from that being used against you by employers or insurers. You can't profile people or discriminate against people based on their genome. But, this is still a very early industry. Personalized medicine is still in the first innings. Electronic health records is still very early on. They've been around for years, but as far as the adoption, it's still very early. So, I think we still haven't fully defined a lot of those protections, and how they'll be used by various interested parties. Harjes: Yeah, there are definitely a lot of legal issues that are still left to be shaken out. The tech world moves so quickly, but you also have, on the other hand, the law, which is slower to move, for sure, and you also have established practices from medical care providers who are maybe a little bit hesitant to move as quickly as the technology is moving. Erickson: Yeah, that's absolutely right. A lot of practices out there like the way that they've been doing things. They've gotten used to it, they've got a system, they've got a workflow, the personnel is already trained on the way that they're doing it. So, a lot of people have a mentality of, "This is what I'm doing right now, and this is working fine for me. I don't really want to introduce a lot of technology into my practice." I think that's another hurdle we should probably discuss. You have the opportunity to see a lot more things, and develop a lot more useful information with technology, but it's also going to be a bit of a learning curve, especially up front, to get everybody else trained on using those. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Mar 20, 2017 at 2:42PM Health Care Read More What Happens When Consumers Begin to Engage With Their Own Health? Why You Should Wait to Buy These 3 Stocks 3 Value Stocks Senior Citizens Could Buy Right Now Billionaires' Worst Healthcare Stock Picks for 2017 (So Far) Investing Rookie? Start With These 3 Stocks Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Genomics in Healthcare: A Game-Changer That’s Just Getting Started @themotleyfool #stocks
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Retail Roundup with Taylor Hood Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 53° Share Target revamps stores for those in a rush, those who ramble By Anne D'Innocenzio / Associated Press Published: Monday, March 20th, 2017 at 3:20pm Updated: Monday, March 20th, 2017 at 3:43pm This image provided by Target Corp. shows a rendering of an area of a redesigned Target store, featuring an "inspiration" entrance, meant to inspire people to explore. On Monday, March 20, 2017, Target announced an ambitious redesign of its stores, aimed at helping people who need to dash in for essentials to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. The new layout will feature a separate entrance for shoppers who can use 10-minute parking to pick up an online order or some essentials. It will also have curved, more circular center aisles, instead of squared-off lines, meant to inspire people to explore. (Target Corp. via AP) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... NEW YORK — In a move to bring shoppers back to its stores, Target is embarking on an ambitious redesign aimed at helping people who need to dash in for milk to get out quickly while encouraging those who want to wander the aisles to linger. The new layout was unveiled by CEO Brian Cornell in Las Vegas Monday. It will feature a separate entrance and 10-minute parking for shoppers looking to pick up an online order or some essentials. New center aisles will be curved rather than squared off, to inspire people to explore, says Mark Schindele, senior vice president of Target Properties. LED track lighting will replace fluorescent fixtures, and brand boutiques meant to replicate a specialty-store feel will showcase rotating looks. The first of the redesigned stores will open in suburban Houston this fall. About 40 more stores will get the remodel treatment by October, using the Houston prototype as a template. More than 600 of Target’s 1,800 total locations are scheduled for updates over the next three years. It expects the remodeled stores to see a 2 percent to 4 percent sales bump. Advertisement Continue reading “We wanted the design to be flexible because that is what shopping is all about,” Schindele told The Associated Press. The remodeling is a key part of Target Corp.’s strategy to win back shoppers and rev up sales. Unlike rival Wal-Mart, which has drawn more customers and notched higher sales at established stores, Target has seen three straight quarters of declines for that sales measure, and fewer shoppers in its stores. Investing in stores is an acknowledgement that the in-person experience remains important, even as Amazon and other online retailers draw shoppers away from traditional retailers. At an investor meeting last month Target executives spoke bluntly about the shabbiness of many of the chain’s stores. It pledged to spend $7 billion on the remodeling plan and to accelerate its expansion of small-format stores, bolster its online operations, and launch new brands. “We’ve got to reimagine that store experience,” Cornell said then. “Today’s millennial shopper doesn’t enjoy shopping one of our tired stores that hasn’t been touched in 10 years.” Target has also tested new store designs in Dallas and Los Angeles, but Houston’s is the most ambitious store redesign to date. Last fall, Target launched an initiative in 25 stores in Los Angeles where it tested an updated grocery presentation with new lighting and foods to prepare single meal displayed together. The new grocery presentation was later rolled out in 16 Dallas stores. Cornell said shopper feedback in Dallas and Los Angeles has been good. The Houston prototype’s separate entrances for shoppers in a hurry and those who aren’t is among its biggest novelties. The entrance on the right will have a dedicated pickup counter for online orders. Shoppers will also have the option of having their order brought to their car. Groceries, wine and liquor will be located here, rather than in the back where they’re usually found. Seasonal essentials, like school supplies in the fall, will also be found nearby. Shoppers using the “inspiration” entrance on the left will see the brand name displays and a section highlighting seasonal fashion. Beauty, jewelry and accessories departments will be nearby. There will also be seating outside of Starbucks. An area to hold store events will be located between the two entrances. Target will tweak the format based on shoppers’ responses. “This represents our current thinking,” Schindele said, “but we are going to learn a lot.” ____________________ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe Most Recent Biz News Retail Suggested Stories: Buy online, pick up in store. Simple, right? Not this Christmas – Dec 21, 2015 Last minute holiday shopper? There's an app for that – Dec 23, 2015 Kohl's targets bargain hunters at new Off/Aisle stores – Mar 28, 2016 Grocery shopping in person or online: Which is best? – Jan 17, 2017 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics Newsletters CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 4 Google Now on Tap Features You Didn’t Know About Android 4 Google Now on Tap Features You Didn’t Know About Rohan Naravane Dropbox vs. Google Drive vs. OneDrive: Which Cloud Storage Is Best for You? Internet Productivity Dropbox vs. Google Drive vs. OneDrive: Which Cloud Storage Is Best for You? Joel Lee Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Top 10 Sites for Online Coupons & Promotional Codes Internet Top 10 Sites for Online Coupons & Promotional Codes Briallyn Smith March 20, 2017 20-03-2017 6 minutes Top 10 Sites for Online Coupons & Promotional Codes Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Everyone loves saving money when shopping online. After all, price comparison and reduced prices are some of the biggest draws to online shopping. But, it can be difficult to find the coupon codes you want when you need them most! You can always try searching for specific coupons on Google. Unfortunately, chances are that you’ll end up filtering through several months’ worth of expired codes before maybe finding something that will work. Want a better option for online bargain hunting? Try using quality websites dedicated to finding discounts and collecting coupons. These ten websites are some of the best that the internet has to offer. They collect current sales, printable coupons, and online discount codes to give you the best deals possible online or in your local area. Hopefully, by using these resources you will see some serious savings on your everyday shopping 15 Crucial Terms Every Online Shopper Should Know 15 Crucial Terms Every Online Shopper Should Know The world of online shopping evolves so quickly, it can be hard to keep up with the terminology. Here are a handful of terms that we think everyone should know for their own good! Read More ! 1. Retail Me Not Retail Me Not is one of the best-known bargain hunting websites online. The site offers daily bargains for both online and in-store purchases in your region. The number of bargains can feel overwhelming, but you can always use the search feature to narrow your options. For example, you can search for specific products, your favorite store, or a nearby restaurant! Helpful icons let you know whether other users have had success with a coupon, and you can submit any online coupons that Retail Me Not does not have advertised using a helpful link in the upper right hand corner of the website. Retail Me Not is also available as an app for iOS and Android devices – helpful for when you are looking for coupons while shopping in a brick and mortar store! 2. Coupon Cabin Coupon Cabin takes online deals one step further than most other sites. In addition to letting you know about ongoing sales and promotions, the website also offers you cash back with a free account. Over 3000 stores partner with Coupon Cabin, and offer up to 10% cash back on various purchases. Another great feature is that Coupon Code guarantees that all the coupons listed on their site will work! 3. Ebates Ebates is another great option for cash-back coupon hunting – and you can receive a $10 welcome bonus if you spend over $25 in your first 90 days of membership. Simply make your purchases using targeted links on the Ebates website, and receive up to 10% cash back on top of your savings! Ebates partners with many large retailers including: Amazon, Macy’s, Walmart, and Groupon. Because of Ebates’ large reach, you’re sure to find a deal that meets your needs! 4. Savings.com One of the ways savings.com sets itself apart from the competition is through the site’s organization methods. You can easily browse through multiple categories of coupons and deals 15 Crucial Terms Every Online Shopper Should Know 15 Crucial Terms Every Online Shopper Should Know The world of online shopping evolves so quickly, it can be hard to keep up with the terminology. Here are a handful of terms that we think everyone should know for their own good! Read More , such as automotive, seasonal, travel, electronics, education, and more. You can also filter specifically for grocery coupons, or limit your search to printable coupons that you can use in local stores. 5. Coupon Chief Coupon Chief focuses extensively on online coupon codes and sale alerts, and this focus serves the site well! This intuitive website offers deals from over 55,000 stores, and offers significant details on each deal. These details are key for making sure that you know how to use each coupon, and don’t miss any of the important small print. 6. Groupon Groupon is one of the most popular deals websites out there. However, it can also be a risky choice when it comes to purchasing products or deals Is Groupon Safe and Does It Really Save Money? Is Groupon Safe and Does It Really Save Money? Groupon is arguably the most popular coupon and local deals site. But how safe is it? And are the savings really what they appear to be? We investigate the truth. Read More that seem too-good-to-be true. With that being said, Groupon is a great option for fun experiences in your local area that you may not be otherwise able to afford. There are also a lot of benefits based on the site’s popularity. Groupon attracts big-name clients, and so the savings are often significant. Be sure to explore the different sections of Groupon’s website, including Local, Goods, Getaway, Clearance, and Coupons to see all the different savings available. 7. Price Blink Price Blink isn’t just another deals website. Instead, it offers an online price comparison 6 Price Comparison Apps Compared: Which Is the Best? 6 Price Comparison Apps Compared: Which Is the Best? Comparison shopping is a great way to save money, and these apps will help you find the best prices on the go. Read More browser add-on that allows you to ensure you get the best deal without changing your shopping habits. If you’re comfortable with the possible privacy implications of an add-on like this, it may be worth a try! No matter which site you shop on, Price Blink scans over 4,000 partnered merchants to see if there is a lower price available on another site. If there is, a notification will appear and alert you to this, including a link so that you can visit the other website. Similarly, if a coupon appears, Price Blink will alert you with a coupon code notification. This site is a great option for people who tend to be a little bit forgetful. You don’t need to hunt down deals before clicking purchase – if a deal is out there, Price Blink lets you know. 8. SmartSource SmartSource offers two kinds of coupons – printable, and direct-to-card – that are primarily available on groceries and household products.  For many, these coupons are the same as the coupons you may receive in your local newspaper. But, the online access to SmartSource’s database gives you the opportunity to print off multiple coupons, print off coupons for a different city, or to access the coupons if your paper goes missing! These coupons are great for saving a few dollars on your everyday trips to the supermarket, or for stocking up on essentials. 9. Coupons.com Coupons.com also offers printable coupons for household items and foodstuffs. However, they also have a mobile app for iOS and Android for easy access to coupons on unexpected shopping trips. Some store loyalty cards are also compatible with Coupons.com, which can help you gain store reward points over time. In addition, a small selection of online coupon codes are available under the “coupon codes” tab. Press “clip” on the bottom right of any coupon you might need. This saves all your coupons in a single file, making printing a breeze! 10. Hip2Save Hip2Save began as a frugal living blog, but then expanded into a couponing empire. The site still has many blog entries, tips, and recommendations for coupon collectors. However, it now also features links to useful coupons found all over the internet. Experienced coupon users may not like the smaller number of coupon options. However, this in turn makes the site a perfect fit for coupon beginners. The blog’s friendly approach ensures that you won’t be overwhelmed by the number of coupons out there, and that all coupons are valid and useful. What About International Shoppers? Shopping online can be frustrating living outside of the United States! Thankfully, there are also several great international coupon sites out there for individuals outside of the USA.  Also, keep in mind that several major sites (such as Groupon and Retail Me Not) often have linked international websites for coupons 5 Online Sources For Amazon Promotional Codes and Coupons 5 Online Sources For Amazon Promotional Codes and Coupons Finding promo codes and coupons for Amazon can save you a lot of money. Check out these five great sources and start saving right now. Read More in different countries. Unfortunately, I can’t speak for every country in the world – so this section is limited to a short list of some English-language websites that you may find helpful. If you’re Canadian, try Save.ca for grocery flyers or the Canadian version of Smart Source for everything else!  If you’re in the UK, you may find Extreme Couponing UK or Wowcher helpful. Australians may enjoy All the Deals or Top Bargains, and those in New Zealand may like Cheapies or FlipIt. Is there a country-specific coupon site that you use regularly and that I didn’t include on this list? Please feel free to leave a note in the comments letting me (and other readers!) know all about the site! Ready for Your Next Shopping Spree? Online coupons may not solve all financial troubles, but they can certainly make a difference. Being able to save a few dollars on every transaction can help you to save a significant amount 5 Budget Apps You Should Use If You Really Want to Save Money 5 Budget Apps You Should Use If You Really Want to Save Money Here are the most effective budget apps currently available. Pick the one you like best. Read More over time! Do you use any couponing apps or websites I didn’t mention in this article?  Let me know all about them in the comments!  Image Credit: Rawpixel.com via Shutterstock.com Originally written by John Mclain on Aug 30, 2009 Previous Post5 Awesome Sites to Exchange or Buy Tickets for Sports, Concerts, and MoreNext Post7 Tips to Help You Find Kindle Books to Read on Vacation 55 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Nicole December 20, 2016 at 2:53 pm I vouch for CouponChief.com One of the best coupon sites I have found lately. Reply eForm2290 July 25, 2016 at 7:16 am Get 10% off on your heavy vehicle truck tax (HVUT Form 2290) filing fee. Use Code - P10FILE2290 Reply Michelle Roy May 31, 2016 at 11:18 am Clothingtrial.com is a popular online platform in the United States where people can find coupon deals and promotional code for online shopping. Reply bill May 16, 2016 at 3:13 am ipaxstore.com USE "SAVE15" code save 15% on all products! Reply bill May 16, 2016 at 3:12 am SAVE15 Use this code to save 15% on all IPAX branded technology products. Reply srinu November 25, 2015 at 5:16 am ‘JY5ND’ ‘YKTUS’ peppertap 50 off codes 100% working Reply srinu November 25, 2015 at 5:15 am ‘JY5ND’ ‘YKTUS’ peppertap 50 off codes 100% working. Reply Karissa November 12, 2015 at 3:16 pm I have a coupon code to share! JAX15 for 15% off Dublin Dog purchases good through 11/26 Reply tammyarmitage63 November 2, 2015 at 7:05 am Hey...guys lots of hot deals, offers & coupon codes here...save money - au.shop.com/cashbackawards/Hot+Deals-t.xhtml Reply Tom May 14, 2015 at 3:53 pm I have a coupon to share here actually, if you use Mac or Linux you can get a 25% discount off CodeWeavers CrossOver Mac or Linux with promo code ( WEAVEME ) just enter the promo code and click update . Reply Akshay sharma April 25, 2015 at 1:18 pm Hey guys, You can check also new latest discounts coupons and vouchers at Grabbestoffers.com , couponpitara.com. Reply Aditi April 21, 2015 at 11:33 am Hello Eveyone, you can get more Coupons & Discount Codes at couponndeal. All Latest Offers running over other e- Commerce stores. Reply kristen April 21, 2015 at 10:44 am View More Coupons and vouchers at Couponndeal.co.uk Reply Mark April 17, 2015 at 10:06 pm I think retailmenot.com is the best however http://www.discountrue.com has many interesting offers. Reply Online Discount Coupons April 10, 2015 at 8:57 am shinebazaar.com is also a good website for free discount coupon and deals Reply SNAPDEAL OFFERS April 4, 2015 at 8:23 pm Get Rs 500 credit on snapdeal app apply welcome code IOMA309954 Reply SNAPDEAL OFFERS April 4, 2015 at 8:21 pm Get Rs 500 credit on snapdeal app apply welcome code IOMA309954 Reply krishna March 19, 2015 at 10:00 am Do you know any for Nepal? How can I make a coupon for my own besiness? Thanks! Reply Lisa Evans February 27, 2015 at 7:16 am There are so many coupon sites out there on the web & they are increasing day-by-day. Surely, the best ones are mentioned in your post but this list needs to be updated. A couple of good sites like CouponFollow.com, Coupons.com and ClothingRIC.com could be added. Thanks! Reply Alan Khanov February 2, 2015 at 10:45 pm RetailMenot I think is the top, but there are couple different websites like Thescount.com, Couponcraze and more. Reply perres January 30, 2015 at 1:19 pm i like newcoupons.info, best site for GoDaddy coupon that i knew. Reply Hannah January 22, 2015 at 9:05 am I discovered a really awesome site called PromoPro.com for the USA as well. It has both unique coupons (like what retailmenot does) and user coupons that are vetted before they go up online. The best part is the layout, cause it doesn't look like the tacky/spammy sites that usually deters me from evening using online coupon sites. Reply Samantha January 21, 2015 at 3:32 am I personally like lazycoupon.com for usa. you can submit the deals and find lots of deals there. Reply Joe December 18, 2014 at 3:25 pm Some of the sites listed are actually very poorly designed. Interfaces were not user-friendly at all. I'm surprised some of these made a list of the 'top 10'. Reply chandra January 31, 2010 at 11:24 pm thanks, and among the blogs, i would recommend http://www.online-couponcode.blogspot.com/ for great online coupons. Reply john January 24, 2010 at 9:27 am I buy most of my stuff online. It's very easy and fast. I also tend to use coupon sites to save money and get the best deal. I like this website as well http://www.couponsmaster.com Reply Carlos January 14, 2010 at 7:34 am Also consider http://www.couponshouse.com. It is a great coupon directory with tons of coupons and daily update. Enjoy! Reply khaled December 11, 2009 at 6:38 am Great listings, I think you might also need to checkout this site couponskey.com when searching online coupons Reply George November 26, 2009 at 8:31 am Try couponhutt.com They are canada based. Reply Topincoupons.com November 20, 2009 at 3:06 pm Topincoupons.com is providing hot online discount coupon codes with sample product images. You can view the sample products for which the discount applies. So Try Topincoupons.com today and save your money. Reply Tanya November 14, 2009 at 7:02 am Great list indeed. I recently started art & craft coupons website http://www.craftazaar.com Not in top sites but some crafty people might be interested. Reply IvyCoupon November 11, 2009 at 12:04 am Great listings, I think you might also want to checkout ivycoupon.com when searching online coupons Reply bella7 November 2, 2009 at 1:57 pm Also good is CouponDepot.co.uk Reply Cory October 22, 2009 at 3:39 pm Well I can't compete with the big companies but I have a site featuring a coupons interface that I would love to have get some more attention. It's categorized and seperated into coupons, sweepstakes and free shipping offers driven by a network of 125+ advertisers. Come visit and feel free to leave me some input. (storeoborealis.com/Coupons.aspx) Storeoborealis Coupons Reply Maria October 12, 2009 at 9:00 am I found a new site that has tons of coupons! Thought I'd share! It's called my promotion department. Their website is mypromotiondepartment.com Reply Mike September 8, 2009 at 9:12 am Nice article but missing some key players in the market according to me. Try htpp://www.myvouchercodes.co.uk for UK market and htpp://www.couponcodes4u.com for US market. They are huge and include more than 20000 stores and thousands of coupons each. Totally free!!! Happy money saving :) Mike Reply baludealsguysep7 September 7, 2009 at 3:56 am We help to save your money with Coupons2buy.com Coupons, Coupon codes, Promotions, online coupons, Discounts, promo codes and special offers. We update every day finding you more Coupons, Deals, Promo Coupon Codes, shipping offers, Discount coupons and special promotions. Some of our best offers are free shipping, special Discount offers, Clearance sales, bargains, instant price reductions, festival offers and seasonal offers to help you save money. Visit us again then get more discounts, even online and more at Deals365.us Reply ts September 4, 2009 at 2:57 pm offeretti.com/ Reply Ù…Ù†ØªØ¯ÙŠØ§Øª September 4, 2009 at 5:32 am cool i like RetailMeNot i get many coupon for my domain in name.com Reply Lauren September 3, 2009 at 6:17 pm You have to include SwoopUp.com! They simply have the easiest site to use with coupons and deals that actually WORK!! It seems like most coupon sites display codes that are expired. Reply John McClain September 3, 2009 at 6:45 pm Oh, SwoopUp is great. Thanks! Reply Teresa September 1, 2009 at 4:36 am I check out bradsdeals.com nearly every day. His site is well organized, and frequently updated. Here you'll find the codes, the printables, restaurants, coupons by store, by date, AND he goes the extra mile to point out some of the exceptional deals being offered on each day. If this were the only coupon resource, it would be enough for me. Reply sheila September 1, 2009 at 9:06 am I wish I had this list years ago! Since having my new baby boy, I have had to find the best ways to save on all the new baby items, household items, the list goes on... About 2 months ago, I discovered savingswatch.com which has been such a great resource for me and my growing family. Great for discounts and rewards and the best part is you get paid a % of every purchase you make! I just wanted to add that site to your list. Reply Jill August 31, 2009 at 1:28 pm Hi! I'd love to chat with you if you can, send me an email, I work for FabulousSavings.com, FabulousSavings.ca, FabulousSavings.co.uk and we are dedicated to our online coupons! Please let me know what works. Cheers Reply Aaron August 31, 2009 at 11:00 am Nice list, another site worth noting is http://www.mrdealfinder.com Reply Joel August 31, 2009 at 6:39 am Great list. The important thing is to look around. Certain coupon sites are quicker to publish current coupons than others. Reply Dan August 31, 2009 at 10:52 am This is my favorite coupon site: slickdeals.net Reply Stefan August 31, 2009 at 3:25 am the link :) for the Sweish guys and gals Reply Stefan August 31, 2009 at 3:17 am And for Swedish visitors its Reply Nancy August 31, 2009 at 8:12 am My personal favorite: mommysavesbig.com has online coupon codes and printable coupons, organized by category. Reply Sean Lewis August 30, 2009 at 3:18 pm If you are from the uk looking for a coupon site, try these two: Promotional codes = http://www.promotionalcodes.org.uk Hotukdeals = http://www.hotukdeals.com I hope this helps :) Reply Stella August 31, 2009 at 2:07 pm In addition, there's Savings.com's UK site, Savoo. Reply Glen Coulthard August 30, 2009 at 10:49 am Do you know which of these are the best for Canadian residents? Reply KP August 31, 2009 at 1:11 pm Candian one: fabuloussavings.com/ Reply Sandy August 30, 2009 at 11:06 am Glen, for Canada try save.ca or smartcanucks.ca Couple other sites I think are worth noting are: Mr. Rebates: mrrebates.com Coupon Dad: coupondad.net Otherwise great list, these are some of the elite. Reply Briallyn Smith 103 articles Briallyn is currently completing her MSc. in Occupational Therapy, working with clients to integrate technology into their everyday lives to assist with physical and psychological conditions. When she's not studying? She's probably procrastinating on social media or troubleshooting her family's computer problems. Advertisement Latest Giveaways ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Reolink Keen: 100% Wireless Security Cam Review & Giveaway Reolink Keen: 100% Wireless Security Cam Review & Giveaway Advertisement Trending 4 Google Now on Tap Features You Didn’t Know About Android 4 Google Now on Tap Features You Didn’t Know About Dropbox vs. Google Drive vs. OneDrive: Which Cloud Storage Is Best for You? Internet Productivity Dropbox vs. Google Drive vs. OneDrive: Which Cloud Storage Is… 4 Reasons Password Managers Aren’t Enough to Keep Your Passwords Safe Security 4 Reasons Password Managers Aren’t Enough to Keep Your Passwords… Advertisement Related Articles 10 Great Deals You Can Get On Amazon Canada Today Deals 10 Great Deals You Can Get On Amazon Canada Today 6 Deals On Gadgets You Never Knew You Wanted Deals 6 Deals On Gadgets You Never Knew You Wanted 15 Deals on PC Gaming Parts You Can Get Today [US/CA] Deals 15 Deals on PC Gaming Parts You Can Get Today [US/CA] Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Staff Photographer It was a good year to be a billionaire in Texas — even Kelcy Warren gained, despite pipeline protests, Forbes says Filed under Business at 2 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Arnessa Garrett Connect with Arnessa Garrett On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Forbes is out today with its annual list ranking the top billionaires in the world. As usual, Texas took up a number of spots — 50, to be exact. And once again, Fort Worth resident Alice Walton, heiress to the Wal-Mart fortune, was listed as Texas' top billionaire, with a net worth of $33.8 billion.  That put her only 17th in net worth among the 2017 list of  top world billionaires, however, falling one notch from last year. The top three richest Texans all experienced increases in their holdings but fell slightly in the 2017 rankings. Alice Walton is selling her horses in Texas Austin's Michael Dell, who created his own computer fortune, ranked No. 2 in Texas but fell three spots to No. 38 in the world with assets of $20.4 billion. And Dallas banker Andrew Beal's $10.4 billion put him at No. 3 in Texas but down to No. 127 in the world  from No. 115 a year ago. The top spot in the Forbes list went to Microsoft founder Bill Gates yet again. He has been the world's richest man for the last four years. This year his net worth was put at $86 billion.  No. 2 was Warren Buffett, with $75.6 billion, and No. 3 was Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, whose net worth was $72.5 billion. Bezos made the biggest gain on this list this year, Forbes said. His fortune increased $27.6 billion. Among Texas billionaires,  pipeline moguls  accounted for half the top ten billionaires list.  Energy Transfer Partners' Kelcy Warren did not crack the Texas top ten, but his fortunes vastly improved last year, despite the protests of his company's Dakota Access pipeline. Warren's net worth was estimated at $4.5 billion, which put him 13th in Texas and 367th among the world's billionaires. Dallas pipeline mogul Kelcy Warren sees brighter 2017 after 'toughest year of my career' Last year, Warren's paltry $1.7 billion ranked him 32nd in Texas and 1067th among the world's billionaires, according to Forbes. Also not cracking the top ten in Texas this year was Cowboys owner Jerry Jones.  His net worth went up but not as fast as his peers. Jones ranked No. 11 in Texas, with a $5.2 billion net worth. Last year, he ranked No. 7. President Donald Trump fell several spots in the rankings to No. 544 with assets of $3.5 billion from his television and real estate holdings. Last year, Trump ranked at No. 324 with $4.5 billion. For the complete list, go to Forbes magazine.  See the top 10 Texas billionaires below. View Comments Tags Business Economy Billionaires Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Ministry of Innovation — IBM announces enterprise-ready blockchain services that go beyond currency The service is based on the Linux Foundation’s Hyperledger Fabric. Megan Geuss - Mar 20, 2017 6:31 pm UTC reader comments 62 Share this story Enlarge / IBM Blockchain will be used to try to track carbon allowances in a pilot program in China later this year. Vintage Architecture On Monday, IBM announced a new version of its enterprise-grade deployment of IBM Blockchain (Blockchain offers companies the ability to create, run, and monitor distributed ledgers on IBM’s cloud). The company also announced several commercial applications of IBM Blockchain that are either already in existence or will soon be deployed by a wide range of companies, including authentication provider SecureKey, financial-services company Northern Trust, and a Chinese carbon-allowance trading company. Further ReadingIBM wants to move blockchain tech beyond Bitcoin and money transferThe blockchain concept was popularized by Bitcoin, the virtual currency that uses a distributed ledger to track transactions, which can be verified by any member of the group. In the wake of Bitcoin’s popularity, IBM and other large companies across various industries started molding blockchain software to apply to purposes beyond exchanging money. These purposes could include tracking shipments across the globe, providing transparency to credit default swaps, or verifying identities across multiple banks. IBM announced its commercial blockchain service last February, and it has been partnering with select companies to try out blockchain deployments for the past year. The company notably paired with Walmart late last year to manage recalls as the retailer tracked food and drug shipments around the globe. IBM has been developing its product with the help of the Linux Foundation’s Hyperledger project, to which IBM devoted monetary resources as well as the work of a few dozen researchers and software engineers. IBM Blockchain is based on Hyperledger’s open source Fabric codebase. According to an IBM press release, Fabric is built for enterprise-level systems, and it can handle “more than 1,000 transactions per second among large ecosystems of users.” Among the companies trying out IBM blockchain in 2017 is identity authentication service SecureKey, which plans to run a pilot program involving six Canadian banks. The program will “make it easier for consumers to verify they are who they say they are, in a privacy-enhanced, security-rich and efficient way.” If a customer wants to open a new telecom, utility, or bank account, that person can opt in to SecureKey’s feature through a mobile app. If one participating bank and credit agency has already verified the customer’s identity, then the entity creating the new account can choose to rely on the distributed ledger to check that the customer’s information has been verified. The participating banks include BMO, CIBC, Desjardins, RBC, Scotiabank, and TD. Collectively, the banks invested $27 million in SecureKey. Another company deploying IBM Blockchain is Energy-Blockchain Labs. This Beijing-based company hopes to help other companies develop and trade carbon allowances as China opens up its cap-and-trade program later this year. IBM and Energy-Blockchain Labs say that using a distributed ledger to track carbon allowances will improve efficiency in the carbon market and increase its credibility. “Blockchain technology also provides transparency and auditability, which help stakeholders address regulatory requirements,” a press release said. Listing image by Vintage Architecture Megan Geuss Megan is a staff editor at Ars Technica. She writes breaking news and has a background in fact-checking and research. Email megan.geuss@arstechnica.com // Twitter @MeganGeuss reader comments 62 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
News Mugshots Obituaries Trade or Sell Events Church Community How To Add Events Add Event Community Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Community Links WTSB Listen WTSB Streaming Audio Program Schedule 1090 AM 105.5 FM Radio Coverage Map Carl’s Book WMPM Contact Us Search 32.3 F Smithfield, NC Thursday, March 23, 2017 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. JoCo Report News Mugshots Obituaries Trade or Sell Events Church Community How To Add Events Add Event Community Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Community Links WTSB Listen WTSB Streaming Audio Program Schedule 1090 AM 105.5 FM Radio Coverage Map Carl’s Book WMPM Contact Us Home News Suspect Facing 21 Charges News Suspect Facing 21 Charges March 20, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet A Fayetteville woman is in jail after her arrest on charges she broke into three cars and stole credit cards which were later used at the Wal-Mart and convenient stores at the I-40 / NC 42 area in the Cleveland community. Suzanne Marie Mispagel, 34, was arrested Thursday.  Garner Police reportedly stopped a vehicle Mispagel was in and recovered some of the property taken in the car break-ins along with items purchased with the stolen credit cards. Sheriff’s Detective Lt. Mike Carson said a second suspect is being sought in connection with the crimes. Mispagel was arrested on 21 charges including breaking and entering a motor vehicle, larceny, possession of stolen goods, conspiracy, and identity theft.  Bail was set at $210,000. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleDOT Converting Four Oaks Intersection To All-Way Stop Next articleDrug Bust Leads To Two Arrests Anita RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR News Update: Missing Man Found Dead News 2017 School Employees Of The Year Recognized News Johnston County Schools Has A New Name Follow Us Most Popular This Week Harnett Woman Linked To Johnston Break-In March 20, 2017 Drugs Seized During Search Of Home March 21, 2017 Man Charged With Assaulting Four Oaks Police Officer, Drug Possession March 21, 2017 Recent Posts Update: Missing Man Found Dead 2017 School Employees Of The Year Recognized Johnston County Schools Has A New Name DOT Has No Plans For Safety Improvements At Selma Intersection ABOUT USJoCoReport.com provides you with the latest in local news from Johnston and surrounding counties. Check back daily to get the latest news for your area. Contact us: Info@JoCoReport.com FOLLOW US © 2017 Lamm Media Group MORE STORIES 0 Update: Missing Man Found Dead March 22, 2017 0 2017 School Employees Of The Year Recognized March 22, 2017
CLOSE ADVERTISEMENT Science News Forums Not a Topix user yet? Sign Up Forgot Your Password? Back to login Sections All Topix Top Stories Forums User Forums Business Tech Sports Entertainment US News Weird News Offbeat Stars! Topix › Science › China's trading partners alarmed by f... China's trading partners alarmed by food import controls Next Story Prev Story Sunday Mar 19 Read more: The Washington Post In this Tuesday, March 14, 2017 photo, a man looks at imported wines on display for sale near the imported cookies and nuts, at Walmart in Beijing. China's trading partners are bringing the top U.N. food standards official to Beijing in a last-ditch attempt to persuade regulators to scale back plans for intensive inspections of food imports - including such low-risk items as wine and chocolate - that Washington and Europe say could disrupt billions of dollars in trade. Start the conversation, or Read more at The Washington Post. Leave a Comment Track Replies Comments Add your comments below Enter Comments Characters left: 4000 You are currently logged in as . Not ? Enter Username Enter Numbers Please note by submitting this form you acknowledge that you have read the Terms of Service and the comment you are posting is in compliance with such terms. Be polite. Inappropriate posts may be removed by the moderator. Send us your feedback. Science Discussions Title Updated Last By Comments On Your Side - Pot Pie Recall (Oct '07) 16 min pot pie joe 49 Evolution vs. Creation (Jul '11) 2 hr 15th Dalai Lama 220,513 DNA Scan Uncovers 18 Genes Newly Associated Wit... 9 hr friend 11 Backstreet's back with new video with Florida G... 12 hr jbuclker90 1 U.S. farm heartland lobbies to steer Trump away... 12 hr Christians In Na... 1 Republicans press professors to spend more time... 13 hr jeremy 1 Who Is Allah? (Aug '07) 18 hr Chief Expose ZioR... 256,599 See all Science Discussions Find what you want! Search Science Forum Now Trending Now China Health Care North Korea Wikileaks Syria Surgeon General Mexico Wall Street South Korea Iran Science News Science News Brazil meat exports collapse in wake of inspect... New idea shakes up dinosaur family tree for T. ... Liberal budget seeks to look beyond Trump, but ... Arctic sea ice dips to record low for winter Indiana 38 mins ago 10:38 a.m.Warm, wet Indiana... Republican green groups seek to temper Trump on... Sir David Attenborough has an ancient shrimp na... Princess Anne: Ruling out genetically modified ... Princess Anne open to growing GM crops on her land Animal feed-growing robot 400 per cent more pro... Earthquake rocks Indonesia's tourist Bali island Bird flu confirmed in 2 poultry flocks in north... More Science News from Topix » More from around the web   Sacramento, CA News Forums & Polls Real-Time News Crime Dating Jobs Local Politics Obituaries Real Estate Yellow Pages Explore More Topix US News US Cities List World News World Countries List Celebrities Business Finance Autos Sports Sci-Tech Electronics Entertainment Movies Music Television Health Arts & Life Food / Travel Site Map / All Topics About Topix RSS Newsfeeds Law Enforcement School Officials About Us / Jobs FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Report Abuse? Advertisement Feedback? Comments made yesterday: 24,438 • Total comments across all topics: 279,755,215 Copyright © 2017 Topix LLC • Flag inappropriate postPost has been flagged for review • Send feedback • Cancel Change location Sacramento, CA Enter city, state or zip International users, click here. Be in the know! Notify me when there are new discussions. Thanks for your comment! Enter your email to get updates on this discussion. Don't show me this message again today. Thanks for kicking off the conversation! Enter your email to get updates when people reply. Thanks for your comment! Share your thoughts with the world Share on Facebook Now Don't show me this message again today.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Soul Obsession Yoga Mats Are Said To Be “Overall a Great Choice” in 2017 Los Angeles, CA – March 8, 2017 Soul Obsession is gaining attention for their unique and colorfully designed yoga mats available now on Amazon. The company was recently featured in an online article titled, “Soul Obsession Psychedelic Yoga Mat Review” by http://yogamatreviews.net/. Yoga Mat Reviews is a website that highlights the best yoga mats out in today’s market. They said The Soul Obsession Yoga Mats are “overall a great choice if you want one of their awesome designs.” They pointed out, “If you are looking for a psychedelic yoga mat, the first place to start is with Soul Obsession’s Pychedelic Consciousness Yoga Mats (Amazon link.)” It used to be yoga mats only came in black, blue, or pink. Soul Obsession is changing the face of yoga by bringing their superior performance and creative designed yoga mats to consumers on Amazon. The website, Yoga Mat Reviews, explains there are a few recommendations when choosing to find the correct yoga mat that fits your needs. The first is cost. They add, “Sure you can go buy a cheap yoga mat at Wal-Mart or Target, but after a while, it might start falling apart.” Second, the website advises people to choose a yoga mat that is durable and non-slippery. All of Soul Obsession’s yoga mats are made from a heavy duty 7 lb, 4 mm non-slip rubber bottom to ensure your mat stick and gives you optimum support. They are designed to handle the most rigorous of workouts. They feature a towel-like microfiber top that is super absorbent, meaning you won’t need a separate yoga towel in standard yoga conditions. They are eco-friendly made with natural tree rubber and water based inks. All mats measure 68 (in) x 24 (in) x 4 (mm), and come with a shoulder strap that make it convenient to carry along with you to your next yoga class. The lively digital print designed mats are carefully made to color your space and stir your senses. Soul Obsession designs and manufacturers premium designer yoga mats built for yoga enthusiasts demanding the ultimate in quality, performance, and beauty. Soul Obsession’s Founder and CEO Max Rivadeneira is committed to global awareness and conservation efforts to help save our planet through his charitable contributions to WILD.org and Water.org. The yoga mat company donates 5% of yoga mat sales from their Wild and Spiritual Collections to these 2 non-profit organizations aimed to protect wildlife, and save lives, by bringing water and sanitation where it is greatly needed. Rivadeneira adds, “With your help, we can help change and bring awareness to causes that not only reflect our divine and beautiful time here, but can bring about help and support those in need.” For more details, and to purchase Amazon’s Soul Obsession Yoga Mat featured on 2017 Yoga Mat Reviews, visit https://www.amazon.com/Yoga-Prana-Bikram-Mats-Women/dp/B01LWE81C3 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, Companies, company, Markets, Space, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Discount Vans Warped Tour Northwell Health at Jones Beach Concert Tickets with Promo Code at CapitalCityTickets.com Next PostNext BH EXPANDS IN LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY Search Recent Posts Get a Grip: Hankook Tire Reports on What’s Driving Tire Purchasing Habits CN and TFI International reach framework agreement to create best in class intermodal service Original Equipment Tire Fitments Have Brand Loyalty Traction with New Vehicle Owners, J.D. Power Finds Gray Line’s „The Bucket Life,” Travel Video Series Graces Mexico’s Yucatán Peninsula Resolution Games’ Carnival-Themed VR Game, Wonderglade, Adds Restaurant-Smashing ‘Bistro Basher’ Mini-Game and Additional New Content on Daydream Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Supermarkets are losing the grocery price war USA TODAY Zlati Meyer 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL States where the middle class is being left behind Forbes 2017 billionaires list: Meet the richest people on the planet Low food prices and razor-sharp competition are creating bargains for shoppers -- but killing profits for grocery chains. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 70.25 +0.35 +0.50% Costco Wholesale Corp COST ▲ 167.68 +0.90 +0.54% "It’s created a price war among everybody. This is great news for consumers, but bad news for businesses who sell food," said Phil Lempert, a supermarket analyst who is the founder of supermarketguru.com, a Web site tracking industry news and trends. At the same time, supermarkets are destroying their profit margins as they fight for new shoppers -- and fight off deep discounters like Walmart and online sellers. It becomes a spiral. As food prices fall, retailers become more aggressive in trying to sell higher volumes in order to maintain revenue. "To do that, they’re putting things on sale and getting people into the store and hopefully selling them more quantity,“ says Jon Stringer, retail editor at Supermarket News. "As long as sales are growing, you’re able to get a little more out of fixed costs. Prices of supermarket items declined 1.3% last year, compared to the year before, says the Agriculture Department's Economic Research Service. It was the first annual decline since 1967. Just about every family will feel the impact since weekly household grocery expenses in 2016 were $107.34, according to the Food Marketing Institute. Wegmans, a 92-store regional supermarket chain based in Rochester, N.Y., recently lowered prices on organic bananas from 69 cents a pound to 59 cents a pound. An 18-ounce jar of Wegmans house-brand peanut butter fell in price from $1.99 to $1.49. Prices on 40 key items, including beef, dairy and eggs, fell as well. Wegmans executives say they had no choice. "For us to be competitive, we’ve always had a commitment to our customers to have the lowest prices on products families use the most," explained Tom DiNardo, the chain's senior vice president of sales and marketing. "Everybody who sells food is our biggest competitor." Costco has cut some of its food prices as much as half. A carton of 18 extra large eggs was $3.61 last year. It came down to $1.79. A three-pound bag of Kirkland Signature pistachios was $19.99. It fell to $14.99; Arm & Hammer liquid laundry detergent came down to $10.99 from $15.79. Price deflation was to blame, according to CFO Richard Galanti. "As compared to 12 months earlier across all of our U.S. inventory on a cost, not sell basis, on like items, the average deflationary amount was slightly over half a percent, closer to 1% on foods," he explained. One of the largest supermarket chains in the country, Cincinnati-based Kroger’s, just ended a 13-year streak of quarter-over-quarter higher sales at stores open at least a year. It blamed lower food prices. Yet at the same time, Lempert says, labor and other costs were rising, thinning profits "and that’s everyone from Kroger to Whole Foods." Meat, chicken and eggs have seen biggest cuts because of oversupply and lower than expected exports. According to the USDA, agricultural exports dropped by $17 billion or approximately 11% between 2014 and 2015. "We’re definitely in a prolonged deflationary period," said Kelly Bania, a senior analyst at BMO Capital Markets, who covers food retailing. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Congress vote may to overturn Net privacy rules USA TODAY ABC News, GMA Twitter accounts hacked USA TODAY Alaska Air: Virgin America name will disappear, 'likely' in 2019 USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to main content Search form Search Advanced Search RECIPES Meat & Poultry Comfort Food Soups Breakfast & Brunch Appetizers Salads Side Dishes Desserts Fruits Vegetables Seafood Pasta & Noodles Special Diets DRINKS Wine Cocktails Champagne Coffee Beer Tea TRAVEL Restaurants Wine Regions Around the World Local Flavor HOLIDAYS St. Patrick's Day Easter Passover Cinco De Mayo Kentucky Derby Mother's Day Memorial Day 4th of July Labor Day NEWS CHEFS Cooking Videos Mad Genius Tips EVENTS F&W Classic in Aspen KITCHEN & HOME Cooking Techniques How To Gift Guides SUBSCRIBE Magazine Give a Gift Newsletters Wine Club Latest There Might Be 14 New Food-Related Emoji On the Way — Including Pie! At Disney World's Newest Restaurant, You Can Order From Your Phone Cheetos Proposes a Line of Easter ‘Snackwear’ Food is Trending on Broadway — In a Big Way Americans Are Eating Significantly Less Beef, According to a Study White Chocolate M&Ms Might Grace the Candy Aisle Year-Round You Can Call Skim Milk 'Skim Milk' in Florida Once Again NBA All-Star Dwight Howard Struggled with Sugar Addiction Amazon Will Let You Order Beer Just By Shouting At Alexa Robots Could Deliver Your Next Takeout Order Home News Previous ​This Doughnut Shop ​Is Re-Creating Your Favorite '90s Snacks Next Here's Why You Shouldn't Plant Cheerios' Free Wildflower Seeds 21,000 Pounds of Frozen Pizza Recalled From Select Walmart Stores Latest There Might Be 14 New Food-Related Emoji On the Way — Including Pie! At Disney World's Newest Restaurant, You Can Order From Your Phone Cheetos Proposes a Line of Easter ‘Snackwear’ Food is Trending on Broadway — In a Big Way Americans Are Eating Significantly Less Beef, According to a Study White Chocolate M&Ms Might Grace the Candy Aisle Year-Round You Can Call Skim Milk 'Skim Milk' in Florida Once Again NBA All-Star Dwight Howard Struggled with Sugar Addiction Amazon Will Let You Order Beer Just By Shouting At Alexa Robots Could Deliver Your Next Takeout Order © Kroeger / Gross / Getty Images By Rebekah Lowin Posted March 20, 2017 The "Marketside Extra Large Supreme Pizzas" may be contaminated. Yup, it’s true: Even our beloved pizza isn’t safe from the recall scares of late. And, well, there have been a ton of them. Let’s review. Trader Joe’s recalled their frozen burritos last week after discovering they may contain plastic pieces. Cheese maker Sargento recently recalled 14 of its cheeses amid Listeria fears. And General Mills recently issued a voluntary recall of several of its flour brands due to potential E. coli contamination. Oy. Related Trader Joe's Just Recalled Breakfast Burritos Because There Might Be Plastic In Them ​Canada Recalled a Vodka Because It Had Too Much Alcohol Cauliflower-Crust Pizza Now, according to the US Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service, more than 21,000 pounds of frozen pizzas sold at select Walmart stores are being recalled due to a possible listeria contamination. The good news (if you can call it that)? The contamination was discovered during routine sampling, not by a sick customer. The specific 16-inch pies in question, distributed by RBR Meat Company Inc., are the “Marketside Extra Large Supreme Pizzas” and their lot code is 20547. Again, while there haven’t yet been any confirmed reports of people getting sick from eating the pizza, the consequences of the listeriosis infection are very serious. Out of the approximately 1,600 cases reported in the US every year, about 260 result in death. Understandably, the FSIS encourages customers who are in possession of one of these frozen pizzas to throw it away immediately or return it to Walmart. Whatever you do, convenience and pizza-obsessed foodies out there, please...don’t...eat them. Previous ​This Doughnut Shop ​Is Re-Creating Your Favorite '90s Snacks Next Here's Why You Shouldn't Plant Cheerios' Free Wildflower Seeds Sponsored Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement   Holidays & Occasions Chinese New Year Super Bowl Recipes Valentine's Day Recipes Oscar Party Food Mardi Gras Recipes Memorial Day Recipes Father's Day Recipes Rosh Hashanah Recipes Halloween Recipes Thanksgiving Ideas Thanksgiving Recipes Christmas Recipes Popular Dishes Sandwiches Snacks Bread Recipes Grain Recipes Bean Recipes Chicken Recipes Quinoa Recipes Chicken Breast Recipes French Recipes Italian Recipes Mexican Recipes Subscribe Subscribe to Food & Wine Give a Gift Subscription Food & Wine Books Get Food & Wine iPad Edition Get F&W Mobile Apps Clubs & Events Food & Wine Connoisseur Club Events F&W Classic in Aspen Best New Chefs Contact Customer Service Contact Us Advertising Careers Time Inc. Affluent Media Group Travel + Leisure Departures Centurion Site Map All products and services featured are selected by our editors. Food & Wine may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. Affluent Media Group. All rights reserved. View Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Your California Privacy Rights. Ad Choices. Users of this site agree to be bound by the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. foodandwine.com is part of the Time Inc. Food Collection and the MyRecipes Network.
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations Political Pulse Your political and regional news source News Politics Central Florida Political Pulse Buddy Dyer: 'What Markeith Loyd did deserves the death penalty' Orlando Police Department officer killed Stephen M. Dowell / Orlando Sentinel Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer, middle, and other dignitaries watch as the casket is carried out during funeral services for Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton at the First Baptist Church in Orlando on Saturday, January 14, 2017. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel) Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer, middle, and other dignitaries watch as the casket is carried out during funeral services for Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton at the First Baptist Church in Orlando on Saturday, January 14, 2017. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel) (Stephen M. Dowell / Orlando Sentinel) Jeff WeinerContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer on Saturday called State Attorney Aramis Ayala’s announcement that she would not seek the death penalty while in office inappropriate, and said the accused killer of police Lt. Debra Clayton deserves to be executed. “I support the death penalty,” Dyer said. “It’s the law of the state of Florida. It should be available as it exists under statute. It is for the most heinous crimes and, by any stretch of the imagination, what Markeith Loyd did deserves the death penalty.” Police say Loyd fatally shot Clayton Jan. 9 in a Wal-Mart parking lot. He is also accused of killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Ayala on Thursday announced that she would not seek the death penalty for Loyd — or anyone else. She argued capital punishment has no public safety benefits, is not an effective deterrent to crime and often costs the state more than sentencing killers to life in prison. After her decision, Florida Gov. Rick Scott removed Ayala from the case, assigning State Attorney Brad King as a special prosecutor. A longtime death-penalty advocate and the top prosecutor for Florida’s Fifth Judicial Circuit, which includes Lake County, King has not yet said whether he will pursue a death sentence in Loyd’s case. Speaking to a reporter after a Q&A session for his annual Neighborhood & Community Summit at the Loews Royal Pacific Resort, Dyer said Ayala overstepped her bounds by refusing to consider the death penalty. “I don’t think it’s appropriate to say that there is never a time to use the death penalty,” Dyer said. “That’s a policy decision, whether or not we’re going to have the death penalty, that’s made by the state legislature.” jeweiner@orlandosentinel.com, 407-420-5171 or @JeffWeinerOS on Twitter Special prosecutor Brad King weighing evidence in Markeith Loyd case » Caption OPD, city leaders dedicate new Orlando police headquarters Orlando police chief John Mina and Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer talk about the unveiling of the new Orlando Police Department headquarters during the dedication ceremony in Orlando,  Wednesday, March 22, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Orlando police chief John Mina and Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer talk about the unveiling of the new Orlando Police Department headquarters during the dedication ceremony in Orlando,  Wednesday, March 22, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Caption OPD, city leaders dedicate new Orlando police headquarters Orlando police chief John Mina and Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer talk about the unveiling of the new Orlando Police Department headquarters during the dedication ceremony in Orlando,  Wednesday, March 22, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Orlando police chief John Mina and Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer talk about the unveiling of the new Orlando Police Department headquarters during the dedication ceremony in Orlando,  Wednesday, March 22, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Caption Ruling may green light Winter Park library project A panel of judges has tossed out a lawsuit that hoped to halt Winter Park’s plans of constructing a $30 million library and events center in Martin Luther King Jr. park. A panel of judges has tossed out a lawsuit that hoped to halt Winter Park’s plans of constructing a $30 million library and events center in Martin Luther King Jr. park. Caption The Whole Enchilada is bringing Tex-Mex to Winter Garden's Plant Street The former Encore Furniture building is being remodeled for The Whole Enchilada, a Tex-Mex restaurant that will feature a roof-top patio. The former Encore Furniture building is being remodeled for The Whole Enchilada, a Tex-Mex restaurant that will feature a roof-top patio. Caption UCF plagued with spat of vehicle break-ins University of Central Florida police are on the hunt for four suspects who broke into a series of vehicles on and around campus. University of Central Florida police are on the hunt for four suspects who broke into a series of vehicles on and around campus. Caption Orange County 8th-grader wins 58th Annual Orlando Sentinel Spelling Bee Siyona Mishra wins the 58th Annual Orlando Sentinel Spelling Bee and will advance to the national Spelling Bee in Washington D.C. Siyona Mishra wins the 58th Annual Orlando Sentinel Spelling Bee and will advance to the national Spelling Bee in Washington D.C. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Markeith Loyd Buddy Dyer All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 69°
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Real Estate Retail Automotive Economy Small Business Healthcare OC Leaders Status Update Tourism More 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit Filmmaker finds sea turtle entangled in balloon, cuts him loose Mexican restaurants, hair salon victims in a string of break-ins in Huntington Beach Shooting in Garden Grove leaves 1 man injured World Baseball Classic: Marcus Stroman, Team USA overwhelm Puerto Rico for first title Miller: Marcus Stroman, U.S. try to make Americans care about World Baseball Classic Rickard Rakell dazzles again as Ducks top Oilers, 4-3 Whicker: Steve Alford has UCLA winning – and Indiana waiting 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Seller takes a risk in auction of oceanfront Laguna Beach house designed by Brion Jeannette 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit What does the future Sears look like? Smaller and more specialized, analysts say 'Wilson' has plenty of laughs, but not emotional heft So-so 'Power Rangers' reboot is cheesy, self-serious Big Sean shakes House of Blues Anaheim 'Finding Neverland' in Costa Mesa evokes a childlike sense of wonder Top news Business Is Albertsons considering a merger with organic grocer Sprouts? March 20, 2017 Updated 11:13 a.m. 1 of 2 Albertsons is reportedly in talks with Sprouts Farmers Market on a possible merger, though confirmation has not been made with company officials. The talks have involved a plan to take organic grocer Sprouts private and add it to Albertsons' portfolio, which includes eponymous grocery stores and the Safeway store brand. JOSHUA SUDOCK , THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER 1 of 2 Albertsons is backed by Cerebus, which first invested in the grocer in 2006, then bought another group of stores in 2013 from SuperValu Inc. Albertsons agreed in 2014 to acquire Safeway Inc. in a deal valued at about $9.2 billion, which was completed the following year. PAUL SAKUMA , THE ASSOCIATED PRESS View slideshow Albertsons is reportedly in talks with Sprouts Farmers Market on a possible merger, though confirmation has not been made with company officials. The talks have involved a plan to take organic grocer Sprouts private and add it to Albertsons' portfolio, which includes eponymous grocery stores and the Safeway store brand. JOSHUA SUDOCK , THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER By BLOOMBERG Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF Albertsons Cos., the grocery-chain operator backed by Cerberus Capital Management, has held preliminary talks to merge with Sprouts Farmers Market Inc. The discussions, which took place in recent weeks, are at an early stage and may not lead to a deal. The talks have involved a plan to take organic grocer Sprouts private and add it to Albertsons’ portfolio, which includes eponymous grocery stores and the Safeway store brand. Shares in Sprouts were little changed at $21.99 at 10:01 a.m. in New York, valuing the company at about $3 billion. They earlier rose to $23.07. The Phoenix-based company’s stock climbed 23 percent last week. Representatives for Cerberus and Sprouts didn’t respond to requests for comment. A representative for Albertsons declined to comment. Grocery stores have been battered by food deflation over the last year, forcing them to compete more aggressively over prices. The battle has weighed on Kroger Co., the largest U.S. grocery chain. The company posted negative same-store sales, excluding fuel, for the first time in more than a decade in the fourth quarter. Conventional grocers, including Albertsons, Kroger and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., have expanded their offerings of organic food in response to changing consumer tastes in recent years. That’s put pressure on natural grocers, including Whole Foods Market Inc., to cut prices to better compete with the mainstream retailers. Sprouts could fetch about $26 a share in a deal, Jefferies Group analyst Christopher Mandeville wrote in a note to clients Monday, an 18 percent premium to its last closing price. A sale may attract multiple suitors and lead to a competitive bidding process that could potentially push valuation higher, he wrote. Price Cuts In September, Amin Maredia, Sprouts’ chief executive officer, said deep price cuts driven by deflation were “not sustainable” and that his stores had been “exposed a little bit” by lower prices at large conventional stores. Cerberus first invested in Albertsons in 2006, then bought another group of stores in 2013 from SuperValu Inc. Albertsons agreed in 2014 to acquire Safeway Inc. in a deal valued at about $9.2 billion, which was completed the following year. In 2015, Cerberus began to prepare for an initial public offering of Boise, Idaho-based Albertsons, which now operates more than 2,200 stores, but delayed plans amid unfavorable market conditions. New York-based Cerberus, led by billionaire Steve Feinberg, manages more than $30 billion in private equity holdings, distressed debt, other credit assets and real estate. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Fire damages Huntington Beach apartment building, leaves 4 pets dead Shooting in Garden Grove leaves 1 man injured In London, another ‘lone wolf’ terrorist attack Where do Southern California Republicans stand on GOP health care bill? 7 of 9 puppies taken from Cypress woman accused of running bogus rescue are adopted User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit Filmmaker finds sea turtle entangled in balloon, cuts him loose Mexican restaurants, hair salon victims in a string of break-ins in Huntington Beach Shooting in Garden Grove leaves 1 man injured World Baseball Classic: Marcus Stroman, Team USA overwhelm Puerto Rico for first title Miller: Marcus Stroman, U.S. try to make Americans care about World Baseball Classic Rickard Rakell dazzles again as Ducks top Oilers, 4-3 Whicker: Steve Alford has UCLA winning – and Indiana waiting 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Seller takes a risk in auction of oceanfront Laguna Beach house designed by Brion Jeannette 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit What does the future Sears look like? Smaller and more specialized, analysts say 'Wilson' has plenty of laughs, but not emotional heft So-so 'Power Rangers' reboot is cheesy, self-serious Big Sean shakes House of Blues Anaheim 'Finding Neverland' in Costa Mesa evokes a childlike sense of wonder Top news Education » Orange Coast College honors anti-Trump instructor Olga Cox, but she turns it down Trustees pass $270 tuition hike for Cal State students Tuition hike passes Cal State finance panel; formal trustees' vote comes next BUSINESS » 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Seller takes a risk in auction of oceanfront Laguna Beach house designed by Brion Jeannette 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit O.C. Watchdog » Twins, divided: The fate of mentally disabled husband heading to mediation Are criminals working at your mom's state-licensed care home? Part 1: Twins, divided: Is one man happily married or a victim of sexual abuse? Health Care » Will I lose my health insurance with the GOP plan? For millions in California, the answer is yes CSUF training the midwives of the future State braces for Medi-Cal's future ENTERTAINMENT » 'Wilson' has plenty of laughs, but not emotional heft So-so 'Power Rangers' reboot is cheesy, self-serious Big Sean shakes House of Blues Anaheim Food » 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Here's what's new at Knott's Berry Farm's Boysenberry Festival 10 dishes to try at Water Grill, which is becoming the best seafood restaurant in Orange County TELEVISION » How a movie villain inspired TV prankster and magician Michael Carbonaro Robert Osborne, genial face of TCM, dead at 84 Shirley Chung or Brooke Williamson? Who is crowned Season 14 Top Chef winner Special Sections » Oceanfront Laguna Beach house asking $19.4 million heads to auction block OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 Featured Multimedia CARTOONS » Cartoons: Gorsuch confirmation hearings HEALTH CARE » Uninsured people in California and the U.S. are at their lowest rates SLIDESHOW » 10 dishes to try at Water Grill, which is becoming the best seafood restaurant in Orange County SLIDESHOW » Street Style: What they're wearing at Ducks games CARTOONS » Cartoons: FBI probe VIDEO/SLIDESHOW » 50 years ago Saturday, Pirates of the Caribbean opened at Disneyland Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Tue, Mar 21 2017. 03 16 AM IST How Amazon is trying to break into the $800 billion grocery market Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos now seems to understand that he can’t win the grocery game with websites, warehouses and trucks alone Subscribe to our newsletter. Spencer SoperOlivia Zaleski Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos. Photo: Reuters Seattle/ San Francisco: “Very wasteful” isn’t a phrase usually associated with Amazon.com Inc., which is so cost-conscious it once removed the light bulbs from its cafeteria’s vending machines. But after spending several months analyzing the online retailer’s grocery-shipping hubs back in 2014, that’s exactly how a mechanical engineering student described its approach to selling bananas. Workers at Amazon Fresh, the company’s grocery-delivery business, threw away about a third of the bananas it purchased because the service only sold the fruit in bunches of five, the student concluded. Employees trimmed each bunch down to size and chucked the excess. The research paper by Vrajesh Modi, who now works for Boston Consulting Group, highlighted other problems: Poorly trained employees often stood around with nothing to do. Mouldy strawberries were frequently returned by disappointed customers. Amazon’s inspectors believed their corporate bosses didn’t care much about the quality of the food. Such challenges linger for Amazon. Despite several attempts to break into the $800 billion grocery industry and almost a decade in the business, the company has struggled to entice shoppers en masse to buy eggs, steaks and berries online the same way they’ve flocked to buy books, tablets and toys. “Online grocery is failing,” said Kurt Jetta, chief executive officer of TABS Analytics, a consumer products research firm. Only 4.5% of shoppers made frequent online grocery purchases in 2016, up just slightly from 4.2% four years earlier despite big investments from companies such as Amazon, according to the firm’s annual surveys. “There’s just not a lot of demand there. The whole premise is that you’re saving people a trip to the store, but people actually like going to the store to buy groceries.” Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos now seems to understand that he can’t win the grocery game with websites, warehouses and trucks alone. The world’s biggest online retailer sees brick-and-mortar stores playing a key role in a renewed grocery push, documents reviewed by Bloomberg show. And like it did with Amazon Fresh, the company is launching its newest projects in Seattle, its home town. Amazon sees brick-and-mortar stores playing a key role in a renewed grocery push. Photo: Bloomberg Last Tuesday, men in cherry pickers worked through driving rain to affix “Amazon Fresh” signs to a drive-in grocery location in Seattle’s Ballard neighbourhood, where shoppers can stop and have online orders loaded into their cars. Crews were busy on a similar site south of downtown, readying canopies over parking spaces to protect customers from the elements as they pick up their shopping bags. The secretive company has yet to announce the projects, and crews have covered the Amazon signs in black fabric and paper. Late last year, Amazon purchased supply-chain software from LLamasoft Inc.– a major departure for a company known for its logistics prowess, and defying an internal mantra of “we don’t buy, we build.” And it more recently restructured how various grocery teams were managed to narrow their focus and set clear priorities, according to people familiar with the company’s business. These changes come as Amazon breaks from its standard formula of shipping products in boxes out of jam-packed warehouses. Instead, it will invite shoppers inside its own grocery stores to smell the oranges, see the tomatoes and tap the watermelons. Ahead of a national roll-out next year, Amazon is testing three brick-and-mortar grocery formats in Seattle — convenience stores called Amazon Go, the drive-in grocery kiosks, and a hybrid supermarket that mixes the best of online and in-store shopping. The company may open as many as 2,000 stores, according to internal documents. Also Read | Amit Agarwal: Making Amazon amazing The company has said little about its grocery-store plans, aside from a video about Amazon Go’s no-checkout format that has racked up more than 8.7 million views on YouTube. An Amazon spokeswoman declined to comment for this story. Reports on its moves have dribbled out over the past several months, prompting occasional denials and retorts from the company. Seattle technology site Geekwire in August uncovered Amazon’s mysterious drive-in grocery kiosk in Ballard. The New York Post in February said Amazon aimed to create “robot-run supermarkets” that would operate with only a few people. Bezos responded by tweeting to the Post: “Whoever your anonymous sources are on this story — they’ve mixed up their meds!” Amazon’s goal is to become a Top 5 grocery retailer by 2025, according to a person familiar with the matter. That would require more than $30 billion in annual food and beverage spending through its sites, up from $8.7 billion — including Amazon Fresh and all other food and drink sales — in 2016, according to Cowen & Co. Reaching that milestone would require a new wave of store and warehouse investments around the country, costing billions of dollars. That’s an existential change for Amazon, which initially stayed away from perishable goods and has mostly avoided the overhead of physical stores since it started in 1994. “A bunch of smart people at Amazon have been thinking about re-imagining the next phase of physical retail,” said Scott Jacobson, a former Amazon executive who is now a managing director at Madrona Venture Group. “They want more share of the wallet, and habitual, frequent use of Amazon for groceries is the ultimate goal.” For Amazon shoppers interested in buying groceries online, the company’s current offerings can be confusing. Amazon Fresh is available in about 20 US cities for those paying $14.99 a month. Amazon Pantry lets shoppers buy crackers, cookies, chips, coffee and other non-perishables for a delivery fee of $5.99 per box. Amazon’s speedy drop-off service, Prime Now, offers items from local grocers in some cities, but no major chains. Its stick-on Dash Buttons let people order many household products — including some groceries, but not fresh food — with a finger tap. And Subscribe & Save offers discounts to Amazon customers who sign up for periodic delivery of laundry detergent, toothpaste, diapers, paper towels and other items frequently purchased in grocery stores. The various initiatives have been a source of increasing internal tension as employees on different projects compete to sell the same things, according to a person familiar with the matter. One problem saddling Amazon Fresh is the high cost of losses caused by food going bad, an issue it’s never faced with books and toys. For conventional grocery sellers, browning bananas can be sold at a discount to smoothie-makers and bread bakers. Chicken breasts nearing their expiration dates can be marked down. With Amazon Fresh, such items must be discarded or are returned by frustrated customers, according to a person familiar with the matter. That has meant Amazon Fresh has lost money from spoilage at more than double the rate for a typical supermarket, said the person, who asked not to be identified discussing internal operations. The main reason Amazon began delivering groceries through Prime Now was to hand that risk back to the local grocers to lower Amazon’s costs. The company didn’t originally anticipate the scope or difficulty of these problems because so few people working on its grocery push have experience in the industry. “Grocery is the most alluring and treacherous category,” said Nadia Shouraboura, a former Amazon executive whose company, Hointer, has been working on redefining in-store grocery shopping for the past 18 months. “It lures inventors and retailers with shopping volume and frequency, and then sinks them with low margin.” Also Read | Walmart is winning the food fight with Amazon Beyond grocery, Amazon executives have also discussed opening consumer electronics stores to showcase its gadgets and better compete with Best Buy Co., according to three people familiar with the plan. For years, Amazon executives have discussed the downside of an online-only strategy, mostly with regard to a lack of places for shoppers to try out Kindle electronic readers, the voice-activated Echo speaker and its defunct Fire smartphone. Amazon considered holding events similar to Tupperware parties when it introduced its first Kindle in 2007, fearing the products would languish unseen, Jacobson said. The handful of bookstores Amazon has opened around the country double as gadget showrooms, similar to the Apple Store. Long term, a stronger grocery business could position Amazon to become a wholesale food-distribution business serving supermarkets, convenience stores, restaurants, hotels, hospitals and schools. But first the company has to find a way to get more people to think of Amazon when stocking their refrigerators and pantries. A group of Amazon executives met late last year to discuss the disadvantage Amazon faced compared with grocery competitors such as Wal-Mart and Kroger because of its lack of physical stores and customer apprehension about buying fresh foods online. They decided they needed something more to jump-start Amazon’s grocery push beyond plans already under way for the Amazon Go convenience store, modeled for urban areas, and drive-in grocery pick-up stations suited for the suburbs. They worked out plans for a third approach: grocery stores closer in size to a Trader Joe’s than a Wal-Mart to offer easy access to milk, eggs and produce. Other items like paper towels, cereal, canned goods and dish detergent would be stocked on-site in a warehouse where they could be easily packed and delivered to shoppers at the location, according to documents reviewed by Bloomberg. It would also serve as a delivery hub for online orders. Brittain Ladd, a supply chain consultant who joined Amazon in 2015 and most recently worked on its Amazon Fresh and Pantry expansions, wrote about such a store prior to joining Amazon in an academic paper called “A Beautiful Way to Save Woolworths.” Ladd envisioned two-storey buildings where shoppers browse produce, bread and other fresh items on the ground level while their orders for paper towels, canned goods and cereal are packed in a warehouse above. “The stores will have the capability to fulfill online orders placed by customers within a specific radius of the store,” he wrote. “Amazon drivers and/or contractors will be assigned to deliver groceries.” The executives decided such a store would be worth pursuing for Amazon Fresh and ordered further research about ideal locations, how to integrate the stores with grocery delivery, and the use of automation to reduce overhead. Site selection for this store’s first model is happening now in Seattle, according to a person familiar with the plan. Meanwhile, the first wave of its new grocery experiment, Amazon Go, was unveiled in December and for now is only open to employees while the systems are tested. Cameras and sensors monitor shoppers who scan their smartphones upon entering, allowing them to grab items like sandwiches, yogurt, drinks and snacks and automatically pay for them without a checkout kiosk. Products are embedded with tracking devices that pair with customers’ phones to charge their accounts. Weight-sensitive shelves tell Amazon when to restock. A patent filed by Amazon in 2014 suggests it could use facial-recognition technology to identify and then automatically charge in-store shoppers. In its video touting Amazon Go, the company said it was aiming to open the site to the public in “early 2017,” and it hasn’t provided an update to that timing. But the technology has been crashing in tests when the store gets too crowded and requires human quality control, people watching video images to make sure customers are charged for the right things, according to a person familiar with the plan. Beyond letting customers skip lines, the technology gives Amazon valuable data, said Guru Hariharan, founder of Boomerang Commerce Inc., which designs software for large retailers. Even if customers don’t purchase everything they touch, there’s value in understanding what shoppers consider but don’t ultimately buy, he said. That makes it worthwhile for Amazon to work through the kinks in the technology. “It takes a lot of time and experimentation to work through unpredictable scenarios like a child picking up an item or a person wearing sunglasses or a face muffler,” he said. At the same time, recent work and construction permits indicate the new drive-in grocery kiosk in Ballard could open any day. “Amazon wants to be the first thing any consumer thinks of when they need to buy anything,” said Jim Hertel, a senior vice president at marketing technology company Inmar Inc. “Food is the largest retail category. They can’t do what they want to do without grocery and they’re definitely not going to give up.” Bloomberg Spencer SoperOlivia Zaleski Topics: Amazon Amazon Fresh Grocery market Online grocery Jeff Bezos More From Livemint READ MORE Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying Kerala government faces backlash over commuting prison sentence First Published: Mon, Mar 20 2017. 09 53 PM IST Editor's Picks How the London attack unfolded at the heart of UK government Radhakishan Damani quiet as ever after stellar D-Mart listing Snapdeal in talks with Flipkart, Paytm for a potential sale Latest News Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying Kerala government faces backlash over commuting prison sentence Bengaluru to Kakkathuruthu: Island of crows India’s current account deficit widens to $7.9 billion in Oct-Dec quarter: RBI Mint On Sunday Rape laws: A call for change Where now are the bindis of yesteryear? Muhammad bin Tughlaq: The Sultan of Swing A Bengali in Assam The creativity of the productive and the insane TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Same-old-same-old pay raise?•VA's hiring problem•Military's backbone•ICE needs 10K agents Headlines Get Email Alerts Sports News Home » The Associated Press » Sports News » LPGA Tour Schedule LPGA Tour Schedule By The Associated Press and The Associated Press March 20, 2017 12:14 pm 2 min read Share Jan. 26-29 — Pure Silk-Bahamas LPGA Classic (Brittany Lincicome) Feb. 16-19— ISPS Handa Women’s Australian Open (Ha Na Jang) Feb. 23-26 — Honda LPGA Thailand (Amy Yang) Online Chat: Beth Killoran, deputy assistant secretary for Information Technology and chief information officer at HHS, on March 28. March 2-5 — HSBC Women’s Champions (Inbee Park) Advertisement March 16-19 — Bank of Hope Founders Cup (Anna Nordqvist) March 23-26 — Kia Classic, Park Hyatt Aviara Resort Golf Club and Spa, Carlsbad, Calif. March 30-April 2 — ANA Inspiration, Mission Hill CC, Rancho Mirage, Calif. April 13-16 — LOTTE Championship, Ko Olina GC, Kapolei, Hawaii April 27-30 — Volunteers of America Texas Shootout, Las Colinas CC, Irving, Texas May 4-7 — Lorena Ochoa Match Play, Club de Golf Mexico, Mexico City May 18-21 — Kingsmill Championship, Kingsmill Resort (River Course), Williamsburg, Va. May 25-28 — LPGA Volvik Championship, Travis Pointe CC, Ann Arbor, Mich. June 2-4 — ShopRite LPGA Classic, Stockton Seaview Hotel and GC, Galloway, N.J. June 8-11 — Manulife LPGA Classic, Whistle Bear GC, Cambridge, Ontario June 15-18 — Meijer Classic, Blythefield CC, Grand Rapids, Mich. June 23-25 — Walmart NW Arkansas Championship, Pinnacle CC, Rogers, Ark. June 29-July 2 — KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, Olympia Fields CC (North Course), Olympia Fields, Ill. July 6-9 — Thornberry Creek LPGA Classic, Thornberry Creek at Oneida, Oneida, Wis. July 13-16 — U.S. Women’s Open, Trump National GC, Bedminster, N.J. July 20-23 — Marathon Classic, Highland Meadows GC, Sylvania, Ohio. July 27-30 — Aberdeen Asset Managment Ladies Scottish Open, Dundonald Links, North Ayrshire, Scotland Aug. 3-6 — Ricoh Women’s British Open, Kingsbarns Golf Links, Fife, Scotland Aug. 18-20 — Solheim Cup, Des Moines Golf and CC, Des Moines, Iowa Aug. 24-27 — Canadian Pacific Women’s Open, The Ottawa Hunt and GC, Ottawa, Ontario Aug. 31-Sept. 3 — Cambia Portland (Ore.) Classic, Columbia Edgewater CC Sept. 7-10 — Indy Women in Tech, Brickyard Crossing GC, Indianapolis Sept. 14-17 — The Evian Championship, Evian Resort GC, Evian-les-Bains, France Sept. 28-Oct. 1 — McKayson New Zealand Women’s Open, Windross Farm Golf Course, Auckland Oct. 5-8 — Alisports Reignwood, Pine Valley GC, Beijing Oct. 12-15 — KEB-Hana Bank Championship, Sky 72 GC (Ocean Course), Incheon, South Korea Oct. 19-22 — Swinging Skirts LPGA Taiwan Championship, Taipei Oct. 26-29 Sime Darby LPGA Malaysia, TPC Kuala Lumpur Nov. 3-5 — TOTO Japan Classic, Taiheyo Club (Minori Course), Ibaraki, Japan Nov. 8-11 — Blue Bay LPGA, Jian Lake Blue Bay GC, Hainan Island, China Nov. 16-19 — CME Group Tour Championship, Ritz-Carlton Golf Resort (Tiburon GC), Naples, Fla. Topics: All News Sports News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Sports News » LPGA Tour Schedule Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1983: Reagan calls for new antimissile technology Federal News Radio presents a daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Photo of the Day Gary Sinise receives award at USO awards dinner Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Top Stories Workforce 'horror stories' leave jobs unfilled, CBP, ICE tell Senate Top Story Air Force and Army will be hit hard by yearlong CR Defense Will Trump follow longstanding tradition for adjusting federal pay in 2018? Pay Why some lawmakers are making recruitment calls to get new talent into the VA Hearings/Oversight 10 years later, State better equipped for anticipated flood of passport applications Exclusive THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Mar 22, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.6847 0.0055 1.39% L 2020 25.0854 0.0102 2.42% L 2030 27.7720 0.0142 3.47% L 2040 29.8109 0.0167 3.99% L 2050 17.0466 0.0098 4.47% G Fund 15.2672 0.0010 0.38% F Fund 17.5956 0.0360 0.94% C Fund 32.5407 0.0620 5.95% S Fund 41.8781 0.0222 4.66% I Fund 26.2056 -0.0460 4.37% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Federal News Radio Featured Events, Partnerships, and Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Stocks on the Motley Fool Money Radar The analysts explain why they will be following these companies closely going forward. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Mar 20, 2017 at 11:23AM In this video, the Motley Fool Money team offers their quick takes on stocks they're watching across the apparel, healthcare, and wireless industries. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on March 10, 2017. Chris Hill: Let's get to the stocks on our radar this week. We'll bring in our man, Steve Broido, from the other side of the glass, to hit you with a question. Andy Cross, you're up first. What are you looking at? Andy Cross: Nike. It's reporting some time in the next week or two. Obviously a well-known brand and well-followed here at the Motley Fool. Continuing to look to see if they can maintain some gross margin. And what's happening on the international growth side. I think it's a stock that's reasonably priced, I think it's a stock you can buy and hold through thick and thin, Phil Knight still tied to it, lots of great, amazing brand power at Nike. And Under Armour is struggling a little bit, so Nike may be the way to go. Hill: And the ticker? Cross: NKE. Hill: Steve, question about Nike? Steve Broido: What is Nike doing in the personal fitness space, aka Fitbit space? Cross: They pretty much got out of it with their Fuelband. I actually still have a couple of those at home, I'm looking at maybe putting them on eBay. They have gone the other way than Under Armour, who I think has spent close to $1 billion in that space. I think they're patiently saying, "We're going to own apparel and own it well." Hill: Jason Moser, what are you looking at? Jason Moser: We always talk about ways to get healthcare exposure, and one of the businesses I've been looking at, HCA Holdings, ticker is HCA, healthcare is tricky. You want to look for the leaders in the space that have advantages that are a bit more difficult to displace. I think the facilities themselves are pretty difficult to displace, and that's what HCA does. They operate 170 hospitals, they have 118 freestanding surgery centers all around the country. And I generally think, there's a lot of high fixed costs that come with a business like this, but healthcare, it's not like the restaurant business, it's pretty resilient and everybody is looking for it. So, generally speaking, I like what they're doing, and the stock has performed very well, that's why I have my eye on them. Hill: Steve, question about HCA? Broido: Do you worry in the face of the potential repeal of Obamacare and Trump stuff? Is this concerning to you, healthcare-wise? Moser: Listen, I'm just trying to figure out a way to get done in the studio so I can get my emergency center and get this cough checked out, Steve. Hill: Matt Argersinger, what are you looking at? Matt Argersinger: I'm going with Crown Castle International, ticker CCI, I think last time I was on the show I mentioned American Tower, I just love the wireless infrastructure space. You have one of the biggest tower operators here, alongside American Tower. Crown Castle, nice 4% dividend yield. Hill: Steve, question about CCI? Broido: Who's your cellphone provider? Argersinger: I'm an AT&T guy. Regrettably, sometimes. Hill: Steve, three very different businesses. Do you have a stock you want to add to your watch list? Broido: I'm going healthcare today. I like it. Andy Cross owns shares of Under Armour (A Shares) and Under Armour (C Shares). Chris Hill owns shares of eBay and Under Armour (C Shares). Jason Moser owns shares of Nike, Under Armour (A Shares), and Under Armour (C Shares). Matthew Argersinger owns shares of American Tower, Crown Castle International, and Under Armour (C Shares). Matthew Argersinger has the following options: long January 2019 $45 calls on Nike and short April 2017 $55 calls on Nike. Steve Broido owns shares of American Tower. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends American Tower, Crown Castle International, eBay, Fitbit, Nike, Under Armour (A Shares), and Under Armour (C Shares). The Motley Fool has the following options: short April 2017 $110 calls on American Tower and long January 2019 $80 calls on American Tower. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Mar 20, 2017 at 11:23AM Consumer Goods Read More Why Frontier Communications, Nike, and Sirius XM Slumped Today Why Shake Shack Inc. Shareholders Have Nothing to Worry About 5 Things Ulta Salon Management Wants You to Know Five Below Scores Big for the Holidays The Biggest Risks Facing Las Vegas Casinos Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current

Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Albertsons In Talks To Acquire Health Food Market Sprouts Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Albertsons In Talks To Acquire Health Food Market Sprouts Image courtesy of Kelly Sims March 20, 2017 11:00 am EDT By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup albertson's mergers & acquisitions not actual sprouts sprouts sprouts farmers market Is Albertsons looking to add a natural foods store to its grocery empire? The chain acquired Safeway in 2015 and remains hungry for expansion. Does it want free-range, organic expansion, and does it make sense to acquire a natural foods chain when “natural” and organic food is now available everywhere? The official name of Sprouts is Sprouts Farmers Market Inc., and the chain faces competition one multiple fronts: increasingly popular farmers’ markets; fellow healthier grocers like Whole Foods and Fresh Market; and traditional supermarket chains that are purchasing more locally grown and organic foods, sometimes at lower prices. When you can buy quinoa at Walmart, that means that the market has changed. Yet Bloomberg Markets reports that Albertsons has begun the early stages of wooing Sprouts, which is based in Arizona and has around 250 stores. Sprouts is now publicly traded, and the plans would involve taking the chain private in a $3 billion deal. There are around 2,200 Albertsons-owned traditional supermarkets open, mostly in the western half of the country. The ever-knowledgeable “people familiar with the situation” may be correct, but the talks are very early. Albertsons isn’t acquiring every grocery store on the market indiscriminately. The company reportedly ended talks in January to expand its empire with the $1 billion acquisition of Northeastern supermarket chain Price Chopper. However, traditional supermarket chains are consolidating, which may be to protect themselves against coming price wars led by superstore and super-grocer Walmart and its oncoming price war, the continuing nationwide expansion of German discount chain Aldi, and the arrival in North America of the less spartan but still discounted German chain Lidl in the United States. Go ahead and buy your groceries at Sprouts, but don’t eat actual sprouts unless you thoroughly cook them or grew them yourself: They’re common vectors for foodborne illnesses, especially Listeria. March 20, 2017 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup albertson's mergers & acquisitions not actual sprouts sprouts sprouts farmers market Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related Grocery Store Super Sale FTC Requires Safeway, Albertsons To Sell 168 Stores Before Completing $9.2B Merger grocery voltron Report: Albertsons In Talks To Acquire Price Chopper, Expand To More States recalls April Food And Supplement Recall Roundup: So Long, Organic Peppercorns grocery store battles West Coast Grocery Chain Haggen Sues Albertsons For $1B Over Misrepresentations In Acquired Stores turning up the competitive heat Aldi Spending $1.6B To Upgrade Stores To Be More Whole Foods-Esque Previous Amazon Wants To Sell You Groceries, Even If It Has To Open Real Stores To Do It Next Samsung Launches Bixby, Its Answer To Siri & Alexa Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Samsung Launches Bixby, Its Answer To Siri & Alexa Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Hot Topics: Drought in Loveland US 34 Reopening School Innovation Proposed Police See More Weapons New CSU Stadium Entertainment This Week RH Line Horse Rescued Police Calls Daily Record: Loveland police calls March 18-19, 2017 Posted:   03/19/2017 07:15:57 PM MDT Notable calls Saturday • Noon. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, North Wilson Avenue and West Eisenhower Boulevard. • 1 p.m. Restraining order violation, 1000 block of East Fourth Street. • 1 p.m. Fraud, 800 block of White Elm Drive. • 1 p.m. Shoplifting in progress, Wal-Mart Supercenter East, 1325 N. Denver Ave. • 3 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, West Eisenhower Boulevard and North Taft Avenue. • 3 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, 300 block of South Lincoln Avenue. • 3 p.m. Theft, 1700 block of East 17th Street. • 5 p.m. Noninjury motor vehicle accident, North Wilson Avenue and West Eisenhower Boulevard. • 7 p.m. Traffic stop, 3300 block of North Garfield Avenue. • 10 p.m. DUI, 2600 block of North Taft Avenue. • 10 p.m. DUI, North St. Louis Avenue and East First Street. • 10 p.m. Drugs, 3300 block of North Garfield Avenue. • 11 p.m. Traffic stop, 1400 block of North Lincoln Avenue. Sunday • 1 a.m. DUI, East 10th Street and North Washington Avenue. • 2 a.m. Drugs, 900 block of North Lincoln Avenue. • 2 a.m. Forgery/counterfeit, 7-Eleven West, 2081 W. Eisenhower Blvd. • 3 a.m. Warrant, 900 block of North Lincoln Avenue. • 8 a.m. Criminal trespass, 1400 block of Cheyenne Avenue. Advertisement Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Pressure increases on Johnstown decision Traffic signal planned for 29th and Beech SAINT executive director to retire after 15 years   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market EBay is taking on Amazon Prime and Wal-Mart in guaranteed delivery, free shipping Lauren Thomas | @laurenthomasx3 Monday, 20 Mar 2017 | 10:05 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES David A. Grogan | CNBC Devin Wenig, incoming CEO of eBay. The e-commerce battle to get consumers what they want, when they want it, rages on. On Monday eBay announced that this summer its shopping platform will guarantee three-day delivery in the U.S. on more than 20 million items. Millions of those eligible items will also come with free shipping, according to the company's press release. And shoppers will be able to filter items by one- and two-day delivery. This news comes as the world's largest retailer, Wal-Mart, announced earlier this year that it will offer free two-day shipping on more than 2 million items, when shoppers spend at least $35. The previous threshold of spending — to receive the free two-day shipping — was $50. In February 2005, Amazon launched Amazon Prime, which now has more than 50 million members in the U.S., according to research from Cowen and Co. And according to data from Kantar Retail, the biggest reason Prime members renew their subscriptions is for the free two-day delivery. EBay is the latest retailer to beef up its shipping options for customers, as speed is becoming a necessity for many these days. "Today's shoppers expect fast delivery and want to know exactly when their purchases will arrive," the company wrote in Monday's press release. EBay said it has more than 167 million active buyers on its e-commerce platform today. Bix-box retailer Target rolled out free shipping for the holidays and spent $1 billion in 2016 to upgrade its e-commerce platform. The company now has a threshold of $25 for orders to receive free shipping, dropping from what used to be a minimum amount spent of $50. EBay said it hopes the summer launch of "guaranteed delivery" will bring more sales, more control for sellers and happier customers. Lauren ThomasNews Associate for CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- EBAY --- AMZN --- TGT --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous   
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Help & Contact Information Send Feedback Advertise Careers On Air Hosts Schedule John McKay Northwest Ag Report Listen Live Listen Live Mobile App VIPS Million Dollar Bracket Challenge Take Me Out to the Ballgame Win a Pair of Tickets to Americans Hockey Playoff Game March 29 Win Stuff Join Now! Contest Rules SailAway Saturday Local Experts Accounting Auto Care Batteries, Screen Repair + Bulbs Dental Heating & Air Home & Flooring Insurance Kids Dentistry Landscaping Painting Services Weather Mountain Pass Cams Events Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube What’s Hot: Bracket Challenge Baseball Contest Weather Report Insane Inflatable 5k Hockey Tix SCHOOL DELAYS Seize the Deal More Local News Win Great Prizes Gift Cards Toddler Dies After Being Struck By a Vehicle in Walmart Parking Lot By Stacy Lee March 20, 2017 6:56 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter This tragic accident occurred Saturday March 18th at the Sunnyside Walmart. 19 month old Isabella Orozco died after being struck by a vehicle in the parking lot. It’s been reported the little girl ran out of the store ahead of her family and was struck accidentally by the vehicle. The girl was rushed to the Sunnyside Hospital and was pronounced dead shortly after arriving. The accident is under investigation at this time  according to NBC News. Our deepest sympathies to her family Category: Tri-Cities News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of Newstalk 870 Mayor of Everett Tries Suing OxyContin for Causing Heroin Epidemic 15 Reasons You Should Never EVER Move To Washington The Landing Bistro is Now Open in Richland and the Burgers are Legit! Serious Wreck Snarls Traffic at Blue Bridge-Columbia Drive Roundabout Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live On Air The Glenn Beck Program Wall| Posts| Email Meet the DJ John McKay See More Newstalk 870 on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: Play the Million Dollar Bracket Challenge Local winner gets a 55-inch TV, 60 points or more wins $10k and a perfect bracket wins $1M Enter Now Top Stories Be Careful Near Rivers & Streams This Spring! GoFundMe Set Up for Former Cop With Blood Disease Walla Walla Teens Rob Woman at Gunpoint for E-Cig Burglar Tries to Evade Cops by Sitting in Abandoned Car Mayor of Everett Tries Suing OxyContin for Causing... Oregon Mulls Lessening Sentences for Drug Offenses $25 Certificate to Emerald of Siam Buy This Deal Now Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Tri-Cities Business Listings Welcome back to Newsmembers It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Newsmembers It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://newstalk870.am using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Newsmembers (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Newsmembers brought to you by: Sign up for Newsmembers Register Now Sign up for Newsmembers quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Newsmembers brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Newsmembers contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Newsmembers brought to you by: 870 AM KFLD Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
News Military Were store brands used to dampen commissary savings targets? Tom PhilpottContact ReporterMilitary Update Defense Commissary Agency officials say they correctly calculated the "baseline" shopper savings that Congress insisted be verified and preserved as commissaries are transformed into more business-like grocery operations. DeCA contends it determined savings by region using price comparison techniques that reflect more accurately than in the past the way commissary patrons actually shop for groceries on base and at local retail outlets. Advocates for patrons are skeptical. They suggest DeCA's approach isn't what Congress portrayed last year when it directed that existing discounts be accurately measured and protected. DeCA, critics contend, appears to have taken steps to dampen savings targets so they are easier to meet as it strives to cut operating costs. Paring DeCA's annual appropriation of $1.3 billion, after all, is indisputably the primary purpose behind transformation of base grocery stores. The most troublesome step to explain is why DeCA used discounted private label products sold by retailers as a significant element in revising savings calculations, at a time when DeCA only sells brand-name items. That decision alone, DeCA said, could have lowered baseline savings by up to two percentage points. DeCA officials last month gave conflicting reports on whether it weighted the baseline results at all, or at least sufficiently, to neutralize the impact of comparing retail private label prices to brand-name products in commissaries. For decades, up until this year, DeCA claimed commissaries saved patrons, on average, more than 30 percent compared with prices at commercial outlets. As defense budgets tightened, the Obama administration, backed by the Joint Chiefs, urged Congress to allow deep cuts to DeCA's appropriation so the money saved could be diverted to more pressing readiness needs. Two years ago, a study from Boston Consulting Group, which now has several contracts in support of commissary transformation, estimated that actual shopper savings were closer to 17 percent, which might be preserved even as DeCA's became more efficient through the adoption of commercial retail practices. Last year Congress authorized DeCA to phase out its tradition of selling only brand products and of pricing them always at cost plus a surcharge. Instead, DeCA will embrace variable pricing, reduce brand name product selections and introduce its own private label goods, like commercial grocers do, to offer lower prices on the shelves, expand profit margins and cut the annual taxpayer subsidy. Congress stressed, however, that DeCA must first calculate existing patron savings, by region, and then protect the savings during transformation so that shoppers see no diminution in the value of their benefit. In late January DeCA unveiled its baseline savings calculations: 23.7 percent globally, 20.2 percent stateside, and, for stateside regions, baselines range from 18.1 percent across South Central states to 32.6 percent for Alaska and Hawaii. Given that most of the regional baselines, plus global and stateside averages, came in far below the "more than 30 percent" average savings long touted, agency officials said they got swamped with calls for a more detailed explanation. DeCA said its revised method for calculating savings relied far more heavily than in the past on price comparisons with Walmart Supercenters. It also used in its calculations local price comparisons done manually for a smaller selection of popular products, roughly 1,400, and applied those results to lessen reliance on nationwide price comparisons across all DeCA-stocked products. But the step DeCA took that raised the most eyebrows was calculating regional savings in part by comparing prices on commissary brand-name products to outside private label prices. In February, Christopher Burns, DeCA's executive director of transformation, struggled through half of an hour-long roundtable discussion with trade press reporters to explain why including private label prices at retail outlets didn't distort commissary baseline savings. He didn't succeed. Burns noted that Congress wanted a more "granular approach to calculating savings" rather than rely exclusively on Nielsen nationwide price data to compare items sold in commissaries with average retail prices. So DeCA opted to conduct smaller "manual" or clipboard comparisons of more popular commissary items with prices for like products sold by at least two local retailers, often including a Walmart Supercenter and their discounted private label goods. Burns was asked why both those steps shouldn't be perceived as an effective way to dampen perceived commissary savings. He said DeCA had weighted its savings computations in a way that presumed commissaries also sold private label products, even though the first of commissary labeled goods haven't been produced or priced yet and won't be available for sale before May this year. Making private label price comparisons was important, he explained, because patrons buy these products at retail and it's critical to capture the choices they make at retail to more accurately calculate commissary savings. "It may not be brand" but it's what they want, Burns said. "So that's why we moved forward in putting those private labels in. We weren't trying to artificially lower that baseline savings; it is what it is. And again, on our end, we also factored in a weighting factor…for private label on our side as well." Later, in a statement, DeCA said "as our shoppers' behavior evolves, our measurement criteria should as well. Since shoppers buy both branded and store brand, or private label, products at a range of retailers, including superstores, the most accurate way to capture how much our patrons save…is to compare commissary prices for a product to commercial prices for that same product, including both branded and store brand options." DeCA added that "including store brand products in the savings calculation, in addition to brand named products, provides a more realistic assessment of patron savings in the area where a commissary patron shops." Brooke Goldberg, director of military family policy for Military Officers Association of America, said savings calculations for commissary shoppers need to be "fixed and transparent" to be credible as store operations are transformed. "The inclusion of private label in the benchmark does not reflect the patron shopping experience at the commissary today, and basing a savings calculation on a projected behavior allows for a larger margin of error," Brooke said. Eileen Huck, government relations deputy director for National Military Family Association, said the change in commissary shopper savings is hard to understand. "It made sense to me that in the past they excluded private label items from the price comparison since DeCA didn't carry a private label. It would seem more logical to wait to include generics in the price comparison once DeCA's own private label is introduced, so you aren't comparing apples and oranges." Whatever method DeCA uses to calculate savings and set prices must "be consistent and transparent to families," Huck said. "I'm not sure the new methodology meets either of those two goals." To comment, write Military Update, P.O. Box 231111, Centreville, VA, 20120 or email milupdate@aol.com or twitter: Tom Philpott @Military_Update Copyright © 2017, Daily Press U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Top Videos Pictures from Daily Press Photographers Breaking News Videos Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 36°
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 10045 213 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Supermarkets are losing the grocery price war Profits are falling as labor and other costs are rising, experts say. Post to Facebook Supermarkets are losing the grocery price war Profits are falling as labor and other costs are rising, experts say.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2nrmOwA {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 102 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Supermarkets are losing the grocery price war Zlati Meyer , USA TODAY 8:18 a.m. ET March 20, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Looking to save money at the grocery store? TC Newman (@PurpleTCNewman) has some tips! Buzz60 A shopper looks at an item in the dairy section of a Kroger grocery store in Richardson, Texas, in this 2014 photo (Photo: LM Otero, AP) 10045 CONNECTTWEET 213 LINKEDIN 102 COMMENTEMAILMORE Low food prices and razor-sharp competition are creating bargains for shoppers -- but killing profits for grocery chains. "It’s created a price war among everybody. This is great news for consumers, but bad news for businesses who sell food," said Phil Lempert, a supermarket analyst who is the founder of supermarketguru.com, a Web site tracking industry news and trends. At the same time, supermarkets are destroying their profit margins as they fight for new shoppers -- and fight off deep discounters like Walmart and online sellers. More on food prices:  Want to cut your grocery bill in half? Take these 3 steps Beer, snacks and cars: How a 20% Mexico tariff could cost U.S. shoppers It becomes a spiral. As food prices fall, retailers become more aggressive in trying to sell higher volumes in order to maintain revenue. "To do that, they’re putting things on sale and getting people into the store and hopefully selling them more quantity,“ says Jon Stringer, retail editor at Supermarket News. "As long as sales are growing, you’re able to get a little more out of fixed costs. Prices of supermarket items declined 1.3% last year, compared to the year before, says the Agriculture Department's Economic Research Service. It was the first annual decline since 1967. Just about every family will feel the impact since weekly household grocery expenses in 2016 were $107.34, according to the Food Marketing Institute. Wegmans, a 92-store regional supermarket chain based in Rochester, N.Y., recently lowered prices on organic bananas from 69 cents a pound to 59 cents a pound. An 18-ounce jar of Wegmans house-brand peanut butter fell in price from $1.99 to $1.49. Prices on 40 key items, including beef, dairy and eggs, fell as well. Wegmans executives say they had no choice. "For us to be competitive, we’ve always had a commitment to our customers to have the lowest prices on products families use the most," explained Tom DiNardo, the chain's senior vice president of sales and marketing. "Everybody who sells food is our biggest competitor." Costco has cut some of its food prices as much as half. A carton of 18 extra large eggs was $3.61 last year. It came down to $1.79. A three-pound bag of Kirkland Signature pistachios was $19.99. It fell to $14.99; Arm & Hammer liquid laundry detergent came down to $10.99 from $15.79. Price deflation was to blame, according to CFO Richard Galanti. "As compared to 12 months earlier across all of our U.S. inventory on a cost, not sell basis, on like items, the average deflationary amount was slightly over half a percent, closer to 1% on foods," he explained. One of the largest supermarket chains in the country, Cincinnati-based Kroger’s, just ended a 13-year streak of quarter-over-quarter higher sales at stores open at least a year. It blamed lower food prices. Yet at the same time, Lempert says, labor and other costs were rising, thinning profits "and that’s everyone from Kroger to Whole Foods." Meat, chicken and eggs have seen biggest cuts because of oversupply and lower than expected exports. According to the USDA, agricultural exports dropped by $17 billion or approximately 11% between 2014 and 2015. "We’re definitely in a prolonged deflationary period," said Kelly Bania, a senior analyst at BMO Capital Markets, who covers food retailing. Follow USA TODAY reporter Zlati Meyer on Twitter: @ZlatiMeyer 10045 CONNECTTWEET 213 LINKEDIN 102 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2nrmOwA
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Rodeo EyeOpener Traffic Contests Events Weather 65° 65° Low 68° High 85° Fri 67° 80° Sat 62° 83° Sun 70° 84° See complete forecast Man accused of killing ex-girlfriend, officer won’t face death penalty Posted 11:39 AM, March 16, 2017, by Ciara Rouege Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email (CNN) — Markeith Loyd, the Florida man who sparked an extensive manhunt after allegedly killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend and a police officer, will not face the death penalty, State Attorney Aramis Ayala said Thursday. At a press conference, Ayala said she had studied the issue and decided her office would not seek the death penalty in any cases, saying capital punishment in Florida had led to “chaos, uncertainty, and turmoil.” She argued that evidence showed the death penalty was overly expensive, slow, inhumane and did not increase public safety. Loyd was indicted on 11 counts, including murder, firearm and other charges in the December 13 death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend Sade Dixon and the January 9 death of Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton. He was captured January 17 after a nationwide manhunt. In a statement Wednesday night, Orlando police Chief John Mina said he was “extremely upset” to learn that prosecutors will not seek the death penalty against Loyd. “I have seen the video of Markeith Loyd executing Lt. Debra Clayton while she lay defenseless on the ground,” the police chief said. “She was given no chance to live. A cop killer — who also killed his pregnant girlfriend — should not be given that chance. The heinous crimes that he committed in our community are the very reason we have the death penalty as an option under the law.” Loyd and Dixon had been involved in a relationship and had a child on the way, authorities said. He had been on the run since her fatal shooting at an Orlando residence. Clayton received word January 9 that Loyd was near a Walmart and tried to confront him. Mina said the suspect “basically opened fire on” Clayton as soon as she told him to stop and continued to shoot even after she was down. Backlash to the decision The decision by Ayala, a Democrat, not to pursue death penalty cases in Florida’s 9th Judicial Circuit sparked a sharply negative reaction from several Republican officials in the state. In a statement, Gov. Rick Scott said he “completely disagree(s)” with the move and called on Ayala to recuse herself from the Loyd case. “She has made it abundantly clear that she will not fight for justice for Lt. Debra Clayton and our law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line every day,” Scott said. Similarly, state Attorney General Pam Bondi, also a Republican, said it “sends a dangerous message” not to seek the death penalty. “It is a blatant neglect of duty and a shameful failure to follow the law as a constitutionally elected officer,” Bondi said. Shawn Dunlap, president of the Fraternal Order of Police Orlando Lodge 25, slammed the decision as an “epic injustice.” “The death penalty is the law of the land in the state of Florida, and I believe that if there ever was a case for its use this would be the one,” Dunlap said. Capital punishment has been in limbo in Florida recently. The US Supreme Court ruled in January 2016 that the state’s death penalty process was unconstitutional, and the state’s high court ruled against a proposed fix to that law late last year. On Tuesday, the governor signed a new death penalty bill, which was crafted to stand up to those legal challenges. ‘I’m a human being’ When asked to enter a plea this month, Loyd responded: “For the record, I want to state that I am Markeith Loyd. Flesh and blood. I’m a human being. I’m not a fictitious person. I’m not a corporation,” he said. Chief Judge Frederick J. Lauten entered a not guilty plea on Loyd’s behalf. Loyd had a series of verbal outbursts when he questioned why the court placed charges against him. “The state of Florida has charged you with these offenses, not the court,” Lauten explained. Loyd repeatedly insisted on representing himself. He was found competent to make that decision, but the judge ordered a public defender be assigned as standby counsel. Court documents indicate Loyd has not been diagnosed with a mental issue, has 10 years’ worth of schooling and has a GED certificate. Charges dropped for Loyd associates In other news related to the Loyd case, charges of accessory after the fact against Zarghee Mayan and Jameis Slaughter were dropped, according to a review of an Orange County court docket. Authorities said Mayan did not contact officials after meeting with Loyd, who allegedly told him he had killed Dixon. Slaughter was accused of collecting money to give to Loyd, a former boyfriend, while police were searching for him, authorities said. The court filing said the case is not suitable for prosecution. Slaughter still faces a misdemeanor charge of giving police false information. She’s accused of lying about her communication with Loyd while he was on the run. Trials set Heavily armed officers arrested Loyd at an Orlando house in January. At the time, Loyd said the full story had not been told about the fatal shooting of his former girlfriend. A pretrial hearing for the Dixon case is set for April 17, Lauten said. Jury selection for that trial will begin on May 1. The case is expected to last about two weeks. On June 19, Loyd will stand trial, accused of killing Clayton. A pretrial hearing is scheduled for June 12. The next status hearing is scheduled for Monday. Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Connect with Eye Opener! Keep up with EO online! Popular Local woman chronicles her battle with stomach cancer up until her last day Smiling mugshot of Lockhart teacher accused of inappropriate relationship with student goes viral That big chicken video isn’t fake, but it is terrifying Young woman shot, killed in vehicle on West Little York Road Latest News HCSO: At least 3 suspects arrested in drug, weapon raid at house in Crosby  Will 100% fruit juice make your child gain weight? 17,000 AT&T workers go on strike Fire destroys church owned by white supremacist in North Dakota NewsFix Accused cop killer captured, Orlando police say Nation/World NewsFix $100,000 reward for suspect in fatal shooting of Orlando officer, police say Nation/World NewsFix Orlando police shooting: Markeith Loyd stays out of reach Nation/World NewsFix Judge denies bond for suspect on Orlando police shooting charges Nation/World NewsFix Fallen officers: 4 killed in the line of duty in 2017 Nation/World NewsFix Orlando police officer shot, killed; manhunt underway for suspect Nation/World NewsFix Dylann Roof: ‘There’s nothing wrong with me psychologically’ Nation/World NewsFix Dylann Roof jury: Death penalty for Charleston church shooter Nation/World NewsFix Mass shooter Dylann Roof, with a laugh, confesses,’I did it’ Nation/World NewsFix Harris County man arrested in 2002 death of his common-law wife NewsFix Sources: Airport shooting suspect used gun once seized by police, confesses Nation/World NewsFix Former WWE star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Nation/World NewsFix Fort Lauderdale shooting suspect faces federal charges Monday Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Toggle Menu Homepage AboutWho We Are About The Center Contact Us Reynolds Center Staff Bios Awards & FellowshipsOpportunities for You Barlett & Steele Awards Reynolds Week in Business Journalism TrainingEnhance Your Skills Self-Guided Training Workshops and Webinars How to Cover Money Podcast Money NewsMoney in the media Must Read Money Stories Beats Agriculture Census Reporting Companies Community Business Journalism Economy Energy | Utilities | Mining Financials Green | Sustainability Health care Insurance Investing | Banking Labor and Employment Manufacturing Personal finance Politics Private Companies and Nonprofits Real estate | Econ development Retail | Lifestyle SEC data Small Business Sports and Money Technology Transportation | Airlines | Travel Ebooks Podcasts Careers & Jobs Contact Us Must-Read Money Stories for Monday, March 20 by Kristena Hansen March 20, 2017 Share this! Walt Disney Co. has agreed to pay $3.8 million for minimum wage law violations according to the Daily Caller. (Image “Disneyland” by Josh Janssen via Flickr, CC license via 2.0.) Trump eyes control of Consumer Protection Further attempting to weaken the Obama-era Dodd-Frank legislation born to bolster protections for consumers, Donald Trump is now asking the courts to declare the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau an unconstitutional agency. According to Forbes, a ruling in the president’s favor would allow him to oust the agency’s director without cause, as is currently required. Forbes notes that this would allow Trump, who signed an executive order in February requiring a review of Dodd-Frank, to put significant political pressure on the director and subsequently undermine the agency’s independence from the Wall Street giants it was set up to regulate. Disney fined over minimum wage Following a Department of Labor investigation that found violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act, Walt Disney Co. has agreed to cough up $3.8 million in back wages, according to the Daily Caller over the weekend. The bulk of the fines will be dispersed to more than 16,000 hotel and time-share employees, whose paychecks included fee deductions to pay for costume or uniform costs, causing their hourly rates to ultimately fall below the federal minimum wage. Walmart eyes hipsters, buys ModCloth On the surface, Walmart and ModCloth couldn’t be more different. The former offers giant discounts on everything from household items to electronics at big box stores. The latter is a trendy online clothing retailer that sells hip, one-of-a-kind items to young hipsters. Despite their differences, the pair is now teaming up under the same roof. USA Today reports that Walmart, in an effort to allure younger shoppers and better compete with Amazon, has purchased ModCloth for an undisclosed price, although unnamed sources peg the price tag between $51 million and $70 million. Student debt protections rolled back President Trump late last week rescinded federal protections for students who would be charged big fees in the event they default on their school loans, according to the Washington Post. The revocation means the Education Department has instructed debt collectors to ignore an Obama-era memo that forbids them from tacking on fees as high as 16 percent on the principal and accrued interest of defaulted student loans held by guarantee agencies (but not the federal government), if the borrower entered the so-called Federal Family Education Loan Program within 60 days of defaulting. Get a quick snapshot of the day’s most newsworthy business stories in your mailbox each morning. It’s fast and free. Sign up here. Related Posts Must-Read Money Stories for Wednesday, March 15 Must-Read Money Stories for Thursday, March 16 Must-Read Money Stories for Friday, March 17 Must-Read Money Stories Search Our Site Search for: Subscribe to Our Podcast     Latest News Must-Read Money Stories for Wednesday, March 22 Share this!What goes up The S&P 500 Index fell more March 22, 2017 Story Ideas: New Wedding Business Trends Share this!As newlyweds and their guests gear up for the March 22, 2017 Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism Walter Cronkite School of Journalism & Mass Communication Arizona State University 555 N. Central Ave. Suite 306 Phoenix, AZ 85004-1248 602-496-5555 businessjournalism@businessjournalism.org The Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication © 2016 Copyright Donald W. Reynolds National Center for Business Journalism. All Rights reserved. Privacy Policy   Close Window Loading, Please Wait! This may take a second or two. Get daily money story ideas when you get Must Read Money delivered straight to your inbox. Subscribe to our mailing list
Don't Miss: How to fix five Windows 10 headaches Sharky's true tales of Shark Tank Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. How to fix five Windows 10 headaches Windows Server on ARM laptops is for Azure only The ultimate guide to strategic tech partners Vendor health check: Salesforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Vertical IT Retail IT IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? The Zen of Retail Tech By Evan Schuman, star Influencer, Contributing Columnist, Computerworld | Mar 20, 2017 4:00 AM PT Opinion Chase's MCX tech buy will take time to pay off — time that it may never get MCX had to be a bargain for Chase, but a bargain is a bargain only if the value is greater than the cost, no matter how low that cost Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: JP Morgan Chase More like this Walmart Pay vs. Apple Pay: Hardware age dictates all Isis CTO accuses retailers of turning off NFC and smartcard payment tech Merchant sites open door to Visa fraud Video MWC 2017: Top phones get a new lease on life When JPMorgan Chase on March 10 acquired MCX’s payment technology to help with Chase Pay, it likely received a bargain. After all, it’s hard to envision an entity in a weaker negotiating position these days than MCX, which has already surrendered on delivering its own payment system. But a bargain is a bargain only if the value is greater than the cost, no matter how low that cost. The MCX technology is based on QR codes, and even Walmart’s Walmart Pay is struggling with the same issues that have routinely plagued not-so-easy-to-scan-the-first-time QR codes. But it’s not the technology that attracted Chase. It’s the customers that are already prepared to accept it as payment. The only thing that MCX did well was to corral some of the nation’s largest retailers into becoming members. Walmart led off, followed by Target, 7-Eleven, Kohl’s, ShopRite, Publix, Wendy’s, Wawa, CVS, Meijer, Michael’s, Dunkin’ Donuts, Lowe’s, Sunoco, Best Buy, Mobil and quite a few more. Granted, just because most of those chains were ready to accept MCX doesn’t mean they still are. But it’s a start, and the one thing that Chase Pay needs more than anything else right now is merchants accepting it. Apple was smart to launch Apple Pay only after it had a decent number of major brands willing to accept it for payments. Shoppers with the latest iPhones wanted to at least try this new NFC payment method. If they hadn't been able to find any local merchants that accepted it, the momentum would have been halted before it began. With Chase Pay, which launched about four months ago, many Chase shoppers across the country struggle to find any physical store where it is accepted. Its “available now” merchant list is short. It claims Best Buy and Starbucks, but it appears to be only at select stores, and calls to stores in several states couldn’t find one where it was accepted. To be precise, I couldn’t find one where a store associate — the people at the POS — thought they could accept Chase Pay. And without associate training and awareness, few customers will be able to successfully use it. Chase Pay also theoretically will be accepted at LevelUp merchants, but only in three cities: Dallas, Denver and Boston. Chase spokesperson Maribel Ferrer added in an email that "other places we have announced and are in different stages are Atom Tickets, Parkmobile, HMS Host, Shell, Phillips 66, Walmart, ShopRite and The Fresh Grocer stores — supermarkets that are part of the Wakefern cooperative." In other words, none of those places accept Chase Pay yet. Chase Pay also says that it is accepted on various online sites. But the value-add in online is very different. The advantage for the customer is mostly found using the payment method in-store. Online payments today are fairly effortless, especially after the initial setup. And therein lies the problem. Shoppers who saw the MCX technology announcement and thought it meant that they could suddenly use Chase Pay in that rich list of retail chains that were once active with MCX will find themselves disappointed. Oddly, Chase Pay doesn't even embrace all Chase cards. Limiting itself to every card issued from just Chase would be restrictive, but doable. Given that only some Chase payment cards are payment options for Chase Pay further limits its viability. Don't forget that shoppers want something as close to "one payment method for all merchants" as possible. Having to use Walmart Pay in Walmart and Target Pay in Target is bad enough, but using Chase Pay only for some of its payment cards is frustrating. To be fair, none of these payment options is effective today. Apple Pay accepts far more cards and is accepted at a decent sliver of merchants, but can only be used with one brand of phone — iPhones, and only iPhones new enough to support NFC. Walmart Pay will work on a far larger number of phones from any handset maker, merely requiring the ability to host apps and have a decent camera to shoot the QR code. But it's restricted to just one merchant. In theory, Chase Pay could deliver the best of both worlds, offering itself for almost all phones and all merchants who accept Chase payment cards. But I'd argue that it launched far too soon, long before it could deliver either — including even supporting all of its own payment cards. The ability to be accepted at that wonderful list of MCX member retailers is intriguing, but only on paper. Chase Pay may have the best potential today, but it also has the worst immediate reality. Given that it was announced last year, that's remarkably far from good. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Retail IT Mobile & Wireless Evan Schuman has covered IT issues for a lot longer than he'll ever admit. The founding editor of retail technology site StorefrontBacktalk, he's been a columnist for CBSNews.com, RetailWeek, Computerworld and eWeek. Evan can be reached at eschuman@thecontentfirm.com and he can be followed at twitter.com/eschuman. Follow Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources Benchmark Tool Sponsored BitSight Interactive Benchmark White Paper Connecting Financial Services' Hybrid IT Infrastructure Solution Center Sponsored Connect, Protect, and Manage Your Mobile Fleet Video/Webcast Sponsored Data Lake: Harnessing the Power of Unstructured Data White Paper Optimize Your Enterprise Data Warehouse with Hadoop Go Top Stories Wozniak on robots, design and Apple's origins More than 40 years after founding Apple Computer, Steve Wozniak has a lot to say about the early days... iPhone, Mac owners: How to stymie hackers threatening to wipe devices Hackers claiming to have hundreds of millions of iCloud credentials have threatened to wipe date from... Mingis on Tech: A dive into Windows 10 Creators Edition and the future of OSes Coming soon to a PC near you: Windows 10 Creators Edition. But what comes after that in the years ahead... Microsoft is playing Windows hardball Lucky us. Microsoft will no longer be supporting older Windows on newer processors. Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. It’s hard to be great when your computer isn’t Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
OUTLOOK 2017: How e-commerce, arts & entertainment, and health care are transforming the Lehigh Valley economy LV Business Cycle LV Outlook Small shops build markets online Outlook - Domaci in Bethlehem Domaci, a home furnishing store on Main Street in Bethlehem, is among small businesses utilizing e-commerce in addition to their in-store retail operations. Domaci, a home furnishing store on Main Street in Bethlehem, is among small businesses utilizing e-commerce in addition to their in-store retail operations. Nicole RadzievichContact ReporterOf The Morning Call How Lehigh Valley's small businesses are using ecommerce. The Domaci furnishings and gift shop in historic Bethlehem is a showroom of statement-piece furniture and home accents like vintage typewriters and glass bowls. But the small shop, which plays on the charm of yesteryear, was built on a relatively new business model: e-commerce. Owners Warren and Derrick Clark launched their dream business in 2015 on the internet as a virtual store, filling orders from inventory they kept in their garage and ordering the larger items on demand. They opened a "pop-up store" on Easton's Centre Square for three months as they combed the Valley for a location, debuting to much fanfare Mother's Day weekend last year at 523 Main St. in Bethlehem. Business, they say, is thriving. Visitors, lured to Bethlehem by Musikfest or Christmas diversions, have happened by their store and ordered things online after returning home. Where the jobs are in the Lehigh Valley Scott Kraus If you work in the Lehigh Valley, there's a better-than-even chance your job is in one of three dominant sectors of the local economy. More than half the region's jobs are now found in education and health services, leisure and hospitality or trade, transportation and utilities, the sector that... If you work in the Lehigh Valley, there's a better-than-even chance your job is in one of three dominant sectors of the local economy. More than half the region's jobs are now found in education and health services, leisure and hospitality or trade, transportation and utilities, the sector that... (Scott Kraus) "I think we would be here without e-commerce," said Derrick Clark, "but I don't think we would have grown as fast as we did without it." Domaci is just one of a growing number of small businesses in the Lehigh Valley that have turned to online shopping as the internet factors more and more into where consumers shop. Corporate giants like Wal-Mart and Amazon have defined and dominated that new market, racking up sales with deep discounts as they quickly ship the purchases from monster warehouses across the country — including Bethlehem's backyard. Small town shops have always separated themselves from the larger outfits by personal service and the experience of visiting the shop. But now those independent merchants are contending with changing habits and expectations of the consumers, who are comparing prices on the web and getting more comfortable buying online. There is an emerging generation that knows little about what life was like without a smartphone and can quickly find exactly what they're looking for with a few touches of the screen. The Pew Research Center says 77 percent of Americans own smartphones. Stitch Fix puts the personal in style Jon Harris If you drive on Hanoverville Road in Lower Nazareth Township and glance at the nearly 500,000-square-foot local home of online personal shopping service Stitch Fix, you would swear — judging from the unfilled parking lot out front — nobody works there. But around back, you'll find hundreds of vehicles,... If you drive on Hanoverville Road in Lower Nazareth Township and glance at the nearly 500,000-square-foot local home of online personal shopping service Stitch Fix, you would swear — judging from the unfilled parking lot out front — nobody works there. But around back, you'll find hundreds of vehicles,... (Jon Harris) "Smartphones are driving retail sales more than ever, and retailers have found that even modest investments in mobile initiatives can result in huge returns," Artemis Berry, vice president for digital retail at the National Retail Federation, said in a statement. While physical stores still account for a vast majority of sales, online sales are rising. The National Retail Federation estimated in February that online retail sales will grow this year between 8 and 12 percent, three times higher than what retail is doing industrywide. Forrester Research, a marketing research company, estimated in 2016 direct online sales totaled 11.6 percent of total U.S. retail sales, or about $394 billion, according to National Retail Federation. It's unclear how many of Northampton County's 23,390 and Lehigh County's 29,533 small businesses use e-commerce. But if they follow the national average, those using the technology account for the minority. A 2015 SurePayroll Small Business Scorecard showed just 26 percent of small businesses use their website to sell their products or services directly online. And two in five said they don't need additional help with their websites because the internet doesn't play a significant role in their business. Tomias Hinchcliff, owner of Genesis Bicycles in Easton, said if you're going to do internet sales, you have to be all in. He decided to ditch them after years of dabbling. He said he didn't have the resources to do quick shipping that online customers demand, and preferred to focus on the core of his business: customer experience. He said it's not unusual for him to spend three hours with a customer talking about the different features of a bicycle or gear. He still uses the site to keep in touch with the biking community. Genesis organizes community rides, provides pro tips, offers tools like calorie calculators and has an online catalog. Customers can build a "wish list" online and pick the item up in the store. And customers have done that, Hinchcliff said, one recently from as far away as Washington, D.C. Patty Gatter, who had a career in health care sales, said she knew e-commerce would heavily factor into her fledgling business, The Breastfeeding Shop, when the entrepreneurial bug bit her. She decided to sell breast pumps when Obamacare passed and promised insurance coverage for the devices. Her website allows women to examine top-rated pumps, download insurance forms and scroll through blogs dealing with traveling during the first trimester, or the dos or don'ts of thrift-store shopping. In effect, Gatter is extending the professional expertise and personal touch — the hallmarks of independent businesses that define small downtowns — on her website. She said the site factors in 90 percent of her sales of items shipped from five warehouses all over the country. Yet she runs the shop out of a small storefront, 344 Main St. in Emmaus, and is opening a second store nearby on South Fourth Street. The Women's Health Shop looks like a lingerie store but sells bras and other items aimed at women who have had mastectomies. Many of those items are covered by insurance. She's hoping the shops will raise her profile locally, perhaps adding more foot traffic to the web traffic that has built her business. nicole.mertz@mcall.com Twitter @McallBethlehem 610-778-2253 Copyright © 2017, Lehigh Valley Business Cycle Musikfest E-commerce takes bite out of traditional retail Prepare: The robots are coming for your distribution job Public ready to take a stand in Lehigh Valley warehouse boom Breaking Popular Obits Top Workplaces Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 27°
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Jet Integration Extension, by Cedcommerce, now live on Official Prestashop store. jet prestashop store product on jet.com March 18, 2017 – (Portland, Oregon) – The Jet Integration extension, by Cedcommerce, can now be downloaded from the Official Prestashop Store. This is an addition to its extension already available at Official store of different frameworks – Shopify, Bigcommerce, and 3dcart Store. The app facilitates multi-channel selling and enables online Prestashop user offer their products at Jet.com Marketplace. Specifications and Features: The extension enables willing Prestashop users integrate their shops directly with Jet.com and upload their products in bulk. Also, changes made in product information or inventory from their Prestashop is reflected at Jet.com On-The-Go Integration: Feed all the product assortment and data in one-go directly at Walmart.com Centralized Status Update machinery send dynamic alerts and compliance reports for the entire product fulfillment cycle Help in Uploading Products, expert training to make you familiar with navigation and operation. Expert advice and support for hassle-free operation, better product discoverability and higher sales. Pricing and Availability: Besides CedCommerce’s website, the Jet Integration app can, now, be purchased from the official Prestashop website (addons.prestashop.com/jet-integration ) and is priced at 214$/year. Also, the comes with 3-month Free Support. Started in 2010, the company has been involved in over 1000 ventures of customizing solutions to address all the unique needs. Fueled by its rich experience, the company has developed family highly popular Integrations connecting online sellers with marketplaces across the diverse platforms. And it is being app being used by 1000+ sellers across United Stated of America. The company offers all the products that make selling easier on e-commerce. 1812 N Columbia Blvd, Suite C15-653026, Portland, Oregon This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance, Companies, company, jet Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 35 MM & 50 MM F MOUNT LENSES – LINE SCAN CAMERA INDIA Next PostNext Cell Culture Media Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Smartphone Satisfaction Higher as Customer Homes Become More Connected, J.D. Power Finds LinearHub to Participate in Enterprise Connect 2017 for Entry into US Markets SS&C Announces Revolutionary Client Communications Platform, Vision FI MetTel Brings in Former Ingram, BT Global Services Channel Executive to Expand Business Partner Ecosystem EXFO honored by 2017 Lightwave Innovation Reviews Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections News Photo Store Archives 100 Years Ago Obituaries Senior Scene Cops and Courts Business National World Sports Penn State Joe Maddon Fall Preview 2016 Wildlife Best Of PNC Field Video National Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Capitol Matters John Cole cartoons Community Calendar Out & About Our Towns Parade Games Arts Calendar Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Contact Presspass Become a carrier Activate Contact Us My Subscription E-EDITION Print Advertising e-Edition Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Standard-Speaker All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week. Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Standard-Speaker on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at standardspeaker.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • Community • Classifieds • Contact • e-Edition • Marketplace Police, March 20 From staff reports / Published: March 20, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Trespass charge for Tamaqua man A Tamaqua man entered a store he was banned from and now faces a count of defiant trespass, police say. Rush Township police filed the charge against James Bloss, 61, on the day of the incident, Feb. 23, and issued it via summons which he accepted Feb. 27. Arrest papers state Bloss was issued a trespass notice after his last arrest at Wal-Mart in Hometown and told not to re-enter the property. He admitted to knowing he wasn’t supposed to be back in the store when police apprehended him but said he went inside for a kid’s toy, according to court papers. Fire alarm leads to marijuana bust A fire alarm at a Nesquehoning apartment building led borough police to a stash of marijuana, court records say. Crystal L. Miller, 37, faces possession of marijuana, use or possession of drug paraphernalia and tampering with evidence after the Jan. 29 fire call at 6:49 p.m. Jessie Steigerwalt, 29, was charged with possession of marijuana and use or possession of drug paraphernalia. The charges were filed against both March 7 and issued via summons, which they both accepted March 10. Arrest papers state the alarm sounded at 1 W. Garibaldi Ave., an apartment building, and police arrived to find Steigerwalt standing in a doorway. Inside the apartment, police said, they smelled marijuana and saw young children in the unit with Miller. Both adults denied knowing why the apartment unit smelled like weed, arrest papers state, but upon searching the residence officers found a small bag of marijuana, a digital scale and a marijuana smoking pipe they say Miller was trying to put in a bag. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 21 North Wyoming Street Hazleton, PA 18201 1-570-455-3636 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Standard Speaker PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS COMMUNITY BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND HAZLETON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Woman charged with assaulting officer at Kearny Walmart AHarrell.jpg Aniyyah Harrell, 22, appears in court in Jersey City yesterday, March 17 2017, on charges she assaulted a police officer at Walmart in Kearny. (Michaelangelo Conte | The Jersey Journal) Print Email Michaelangelo Conte | The Jersey Journal By Michaelangelo Conte | The Jersey Journal The Jersey Journal Follow on Twitter on March 20, 2017 at 8:21 AM comments A 22-year-old Pennsylvania woman has been charged with kicking a police officer arresting her following a disturbance at Walmart in Kearny on Thursday. Aniyyah Harrell is charged with aggravated assault on a police officer, resisting arrest and purposely causing or recklessly creating the risk of public inconvenience, annoyance or alarm, the criminal complaint says. Responding officers said they were flagged down by about 15 customers and employees who directed them to the grocery section vestibule where Harrell was assaulting someone, the criminal complaint says. "Harrell's behavior was out of control as she was kicking, pulling away from officer, screaming and cursing." When the officers managed to calm Harrell down, she allegedly provided a fake name, the complaint says. An officer helped Harrell make a few phone calls in an attempt to get a ride but she again became belligerent and violent and the officers placed her under arrest. While being handcuffed, Harrell allegedly kicked an officer in the knee twice, the complaint says. Harrell made her first appearance on the charges Friday in Criminal Justice Reform Court in Jersey City via video link from Hudson County jail in Kearny. She was released pending trial with conditions of supervision. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. N.J. tops many states on healthcare scorecard Map shows N.J. poor, elderly to be hardest hit under GOP healthcare plan Everything you need to know about N.J.'s medical marijuana program MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
NorthEscambia.com News for Molino, Bratt, Walnut Hill McDavid, Century & Cantonment     Home News Events Features Blog Sports About Contact Advertise Free Classifieds | Obituaries | Latest Headlines Century Considers 59% Water And Sewer Rate Increase, 36% Garbage Rate Hike Gulf Power Reaches Rate Increase Settlement Bratt Brush Fire Quickly Extinguished Camp Fire Kids Celebrate Incredible Kids Day; Camp Fire Birthday Northview Tribal Beat Band Names New Drum Major, Assistant Senate Moves Forward With State College Changes Missing Escambia County Senior Located Century Holds Community Cleanup Day Two Injured In Wreck North Of Flomaton Jay Man Airlifted After Saturday Crash Regulators Ready To Grapple With Gulf Power Rate Increase Request March 20, 2017 State regulators are poised to hear arguments about a request from Gulf Power to raise base electric rates for hundreds of thousands of customers in Northwest Florida, amid opposition from consumer, business and environmental groups. The Florida Public Service Commission is scheduled Monday to begin a multi-day hearing on Gulf Power’s request for a $106.8 million base-rate increase. Pensacola-based Gulf provides electricity to about 450,000 customers in eight counties and is one of four major investor-owned utilities in the state. In a document filed last month in advance of the hearing, Gulf said the increase is needed “both to continue to provide reasonable and adequate service to its customers and simultaneously to recover the costs of providing that service including a reasonable and adequate rate of return on invested capital.” “If Gulf is rendered unable to meet its obligations to the customers and shareholders due to inadequate rates, both stakeholder groups will suffer,” the document said. “The customers will suffer from less reliable service and eventually higher costs of electricity than would otherwise be the case, while the shareholders will suffer from an inadequate and confiscatory return on investment and will seek other places to invest their money.” But the proposed increase has drawn objections from the state Office of Public Counsel, which represents consumers in utility cases, and other parties ranging from Walmart to the Sierra Club. The Office of Public Counsel and other opponents have argued, in part, that Gulf Power’s base rates should decrease by about $2 million — not increase. “The ultimate issue to be addressed by the (Public Service Commission) in this proceeding is whether Gulf Power Company needs any additional revenues in order to provide safe, adequate, reliable service, to recover its legitimate costs of providing such service, and to have an opportunity to earn a fair and reasonable return on its legitimate investment in assets used and useful in serving Gulf’s retail customers,” Walmart said in a filing last month. “The evidence offered by intervenor parties … shows that, in total, the answer to this question is that Gulf can indeed fulfill its duty to provide safe, adequate, reliable service with no rate increase at all and probably with a modest overall rate reduction of approximately $2 million per year.” Public Service Commission hearings in base-rate cases are highly technical and include detailed information about utility finances and operations. Gulf Power’s current base rates stem from a settlement of a 2013 rate case. A key issue in many rate cases — and likely in the upcoming Gulf hearing — is setting a “return on equity,” a measure of profitability. In its proposal, Gulf Power is seeking an 11 percent return on equity, while the Office of Public Counsel argues the rate should be 8.875 percent. Another issue in the case involves whether costs related to a Georgia power plant, known as Plant Scherer, should be included in the base rates. Gulf and other utilities have owned stakes in the plant. In the past, Gulf Power sold electricity generated at the plant on the wholesale market but now uses power from the plant for its retail customers. “Gulf is requesting that the (Public Service) Commission now include in retail rates the portion of (the plant) that is no longer committed under long-term off-system wholesale contracts,” Gulf said in the document filed last month. “This action is necessary to honor the regulatory compact that contemplates that Gulf is entitled to the opportunity to earn a fair return on prudent investments that are used and useful in the public service.” But the other parties in the case are fighting the proposal to include the costs in base rates. The Office of Public Counsel, for instance, argued that “Gulf is asking the commission to let it put a 30-year-old coal plant in retail rate base after its shareholders had wrung out all of the profit from it in the wholesale market place since it was acquired but never needed for retail rates.” by Jim Saunders, The News Service of Florida Comments 13 Responses to “Regulators Ready To Grapple With Gulf Power Rate Increase Request” Retired on March 20th, 2017 11:56 pm They asked for X amount, knew they would have a backlash, settled for X/2 knowing that’s all they would get, a story comes out that the consumers win because it is less. Now they have an increase and they tell the consumers they won. I grew in European open market barter system, they always ask for twice what they want to sell it to you for. Saw it coming. "WELL" on March 20th, 2017 8:13 pm What’s the saying ” stick it to the man” I’m not sure but, it clearly says without saying “hey screw the customer ” we have company pickup trucks we have to pay for that sit under trees, we have to pay for guys to go to the shop and get a truck an equipment instead of when they’re called out at the time of the call leaving from home which just about any “on call” company does but gulf power, oooh lets not for get the investors and corporate guys wanting to go golfing so forth and so on, the government sticks it to the man enough. Any corporation for that fact but who has to stay and live below grade because everyone and their stinking mother is MONEY HUNGRY and can’t leave things the way they’ve been or lower the rates to see how much more customers would do/ use if they could afford it. I’m done, this country, corporations, all of y’all SUCK and don’t give two gosh darn hoots about anyone not in your “click” upper class, whatever you want to call it mike on March 20th, 2017 4:26 pm Have not used my AC in going on 2 years, still went from around $165 to $228 a month, what I would call a whopping increase. Now they want more. This is just (unprintable). anne 1of2 on March 20th, 2017 11:56 am We all have a dog in this fight and mine is gnawing at his chain right now. Let’s try a no lights night to show Gulf Power just how strong 450,000 of us can be. Those investors aren’t going anywhere, they already know how bad the little people are being ripped off or they wouldn’t be invested with GP. So, when is the meeting about starting a second power company? I’ll invest in that, I promise. Grace on March 20th, 2017 11:35 am So all you Gulf Power whiners, here is my advice to you and myself, EREC is a monopoly, no other choice. As with ALL utilities. I do appreciate turning on a switch and having electrity and sometimes it is up to me how much that bill will be each month. Do you complain about that smart phone for each family member plus all the other electronic bills ( cable, direct TV, game stations, etc each month? Perhaps we all could cut back on expenses if we really wanted to instead of playing the blame game. Have a great day and God Bless ! Grace on March 20th, 2017 11:25 am My electricity and water is provided thru Escambia River Electric Co-op. In the past I was home most of the time and could understand the HIGH bills. Due to a family member illness, I am home less than 50% of the time. Same HIGH electric and water bill with 50% less usage. We have to pay for Digital Remote read meters but still have water meter readers to come out and read those each month. Two weeks ago the Digital meters were replaced because they were not working properly. Helping hands on March 20th, 2017 10:16 am If they need more money then stop sending your crews to other areas to help in emergency assistance. I’m all about helping those in need but if your company isn’t doing well financially then maybe it’s time to think of other ways to help those in need instead of expecting others to pay for your humanitarian adventures. I donate all year to the United Way. Keyword is “I” donate. Don’t take recognition for a job well done then ask customers to pay for your kind deed. It feels like you should leave the money in an envelope on the dresser on your way out the door Shay on March 20th, 2017 10:07 am I guess I’m uneducated about this because I can’t figure out for the life of me why I should pay more so “shareholders” see a profit. Aren’t making money? Sell your shares and invest in a more profitable company. I guess I just don’t get it. David on March 20th, 2017 9:26 am Stockholders….let them pay for the increase because its about the money in the very beginning. The Gulf Power ” if you dont” tactic is like extortion and a threat. Gulf Power is a good provider…I want the people working there to be safe on their jobs. But dont paint a gloom and doom to all of us under a guise of you not being able to function as a business as no other business constantly asks for these types of constant increases. Again…the company trying to appease the stockholders…they never get enough.. James on March 20th, 2017 9:19 am GP air public service commercials telling us how to save on kilowatts by having timers, improving insulation and such. Then they turn around and want to jack up the price on the base meter fee. Sounds like a win win situation for them. We use less electricity and they and they still charge us more. BB on March 20th, 2017 8:54 am Gulf Power are becoming a bunch of crooks! Don’t tell me it is the cost of doing business either. Southern Company needs some competition to prevent monopolizing. Maybe we all need to invest in solar power. tg on March 20th, 2017 5:55 am Reminds me of that song Here We Go Again. marc cayson on March 20th, 2017 5:50 am In walnut hill our power bill way usually close to $200 a month. Moved to north Dakota and its usually around $50 a month even in the winter. Name (required) Email Address (will not be published) (required) Website (enter your own site, if any; not northescambia.com) Your Comments: Have a comment on this story? We welcome your comments on this story, but there are some rules to follow:: (1) Be Nice. No comments that slander another, no racism, no sexism, no personal attacks. (2) No Harrassing Comments. If someone says something bad about you, don't respond. That's childish. (3) No Libel. That's saying something is not true about someone. Don't do it. (4) Keep it clean. Nothing vulgar, obscene or sexually related. No profanity or obvious substitutions. Period. (5) NorthEscambia.com reserves the right to remove any comments that violate our rules or we think to be inappropriate. We are not responsible for what is posted. Comments may not appear right away until they are approved by a moderator. (6) Limit your comments to the subject in this story only, and limit comments to 300 words or less. Do not post copyrighted material. Comments will not be added to stories that are over 30 days old. (7) No posts may advertise a commercial business or political group, or link to another commercial web site or political site of any kind. Written by William · Filed Under Archive    Copyright © 2007-2017 NorthEscambia.com · P.O. Box 105 · Walnut Hill, FL 32568 · All Rights Reserved.
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Links 3/23/17 - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith Supreme Court Decides For Workers and Against Private Equity in Important Bankruptcy Case, Jevic - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith Commercial & Residential Real Estate Bubble Again a Risk to Financial Stability; Fed’s Rosengren Worried - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith Alice in Gender-Gap Land - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/22/2017 - 03/22/2017 - Lambert Strether Taking on Trump’s Agenda: Nine Tough Questions for SEC Chair Nominee Jay Clayton on the Eve of His Confirmation Hearings - 03/22/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 3/22/17 - 03/22/2017 - Lambert Strether Even Before Brexit Triggered, EU Again Signals It Is Not Budging on “Shape of the Table” Issue - 03/22/2017 - Yves Smith Who Benefits From the Mayo Clinic Explicitly Putting Commercially Insured Patients Ahead of Some Government Insured Patients? - 03/22/2017 - Yves Smith Will Amazon Destroy More US Jobs Than China? Posted on March 20, 2017 by Yves Smith A MarketWatch article last week by Rex Nutting posited that Amazon could destroy as many as 2 million jobs, which are as many as one study said were lost to China. While the China estimate strikes me as low, Nutting’s math on Amazon appears reasonable. Basically, more and more people have become habituated to online shopping, even for categories like apparel. I have to confess I’ve done a fair bit of the little clothes shopping I’ve done in the last couple of years on line. On the one hand, I hate dealing with stores because finding anything is so hit or miss, but at least when you find something that looks good in the mirror, it’s usually a keeper. On the other hand, with online shopping, you can find targets more efficiently, but the “hit or miss” element shifts to fit, color, and quality of fabric/tailoring. And if you don’t have time or patience for returns, you wind up with stuff in your closet that eventually goes to a charity. Here is the guts of Nutting’s argument: But for retail workers, Amazon is a grave threat. Just ask the 10,100 workers who are losing their jobs at Macy’s. M, +0.43% Or the 4,000 at The Limited. Or the thousands of workers at Sears SHLD, +1.00% and Kmart, which just announced 150 stores will be closing. Or the 125,000 retail workers who’ve been laid off over the past two years. Since 2012, department store jobs have shrunk by 250,000, 14% of that sector’s total employment. Retailers now employ 16.5 million, and Nutting backs out categories like gas stations that aren’t subject to competition from Amazon. Bear in mind that Amazon is trying to move into groceries, but Nutting deems those jobs to be safe for now. He deems the 12 million workers to be at risk, particularly the ones in stores classified as GAFO, for general merchandise (think everything from sporting goods to hardware and electronics), apparel and accessories, furniture and other sales. GAFO merchants are still mainly brick and mortar operators, and rely heavily on malls, which is where Amazon is doing the most damage. Mall anchors like Macy’s have been particularly hard hit by competition from Amazon, and once a mall loses an anchor for good, it’s on its way to a death spiral. Nutting again: There’s not much retailers like Macy’s, The Gap, Best Buy, and Barnes & Noble, can do about it. Their business will be much, much smaller. And now that Amazon is getting serious about groceries, even Wal-Mart is threatened. Although retailers have been laying off workers, they probably aren’t laying off enough, considering how quickly their sales are eroding. While sales fell 0.6% in 2016, employment at the GAFO stores increased by 1.6%, or about 95,000. You don’t make money by hiring more people to sell less. So what’s the big deal? Won’t the people who once worked at Macy’s just work at Amazon instead? Well, no. Amazon needs about half as many workers to sell $100 worth of merchandise as Macy’s does… What’s most troubling to brick-and-mortar retailers and their workers is that Amazon’s sales growth is accelerating (19% in 2014, 20% in 2015 and 28% in 2016), and shows no sign of plateauing. Amazon isn’t just taking sales from brick-and-mortar stores; it’s also taking market share from traditional retailers’ online stores…. Could Amazon actually kill more American jobs than China did? It’s quite likely. Economists David Autor, David Dorn and Gordon Hanson have estimated China’s manufacturing exports to the U.S. may have cost as many as 2 million jobs. If Amazon can capture 40% of the GAFO market within five years (as seems likely), about 1.5 million jobs at brick-and-mortar stores could be lost. Add in the jobs Amazon will kill at grocery stores, drugstores, warehouses and delivery services, and the total would be well over 2 million. And unlike the manufacturing jobs lost to China, which were clustered in a comparatively few counties, those retail jobs are located in every city, town and hamlet in America. It’s a remarkable admission of elite blindness for Nutting to depict manufacturing losses as “concentrated in a comparatively few counties.” Has he ever looked at a map of Rust Belt states? And let us not forget that Obama himself touted Amazon as generating “middle class” jobs, when its warehouse jobs are both physically exhausting yet poorly paid. As we wrote in 2013: Obama needed a visual to show that, no, really, truly, jobs really are being created somewhere in America for yet another one of his exercises in trying to pretend that he’s on the side of ordinary Americans. But it’s hard finding any really good success stories in an economy with 12.2 million counted as unemployed and over 28 million as “disemployed” which is the number of people out of work relative to normal labor force participation rates when the economy is in good shape. So Obama chose as his backdrop an American success story, Amazon, which is opening a new a warehouse in Chattanooga and hiring 7,000 people…. If you had any doubts that that vision of middle class life was on its way to extinction, the Obama speech made it official. Amazon has been repeatedly cited here and abroad for abusive conditions in its warehouses…. So notice, first, that those 7,000 jobs aren’t in Chattanooga, but all over the US. Second, Amazon’s cash comp is markedly below local averages. And although it offers a “benefits package,” it’s not clear that it’s better than what other area employers offer. The article doesn’t add that some of these 7,000 jobs are part time and/or seasonal. A quick look at a Chattanooga job site shows the hourly for a comparable job at $9 an hour for someone with a minimum of six months recent experience. That’s just above the living wage for a single person in that city of $8.92…. The message from Obama is clear: Americans are now expected to celebrate when companies are willing to pay at or not much above a living wage. As long as you pay enough that the workers don’t wind up having to seek public assistance in the form of food stamps or emergency rooms for medical care, you’ll now be promoted as creating better conditions for Americans. That’s true as long as you remember that the Americans that benefit from this grinding down of ordinary citizens are Obama’s backers and other members of the elite. Sadly, the Nutting article indicates that the Amazon-induced hollowing out of America could still have a long way to go. 110042 This entry was posted in Doomsday scenarios, Economic fundamentals, Free markets and their discontents, Income disparity, Technology and innovation, The destruction of the middle class on March 20, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← Uber President Resigns Unexpectedly, Citing Problems With “Beliefs and Approach to Management” Oil And Gas States Forced To Cut Education Spending → Subscribe to Post Comments 83 comments UserFriendly March 20, 2017 at 2:49 am Neofeudalism full steam ahead! Reply ↓ Tim March 20, 2017 at 6:52 pm Yep Feudalism 2.0 progresses. The workers get nothing and like it and the (Amazon) equity owners take the productivity improvements in share price and dividends and run with it, and will only cash out for a better rent extraction or productivity based profit opportunity down the road. Reply ↓ HotFlash March 20, 2017 at 7:00 pm Tim, we workers don’t like it. Reply ↓ Brian M March 21, 2017 at 2:40 pm I think most workers HAVE bought into the Late Stage Capitalism mythologies. (See Coal Country-bring back the GLORY DAYS of mine fires and black lung disease! Vote Trump!) Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:18 pm Surely you know that’s not what the miners are saying? I know it’s fashionable in some quarters to frame workers as stupid, but really! Reply ↓ Cujo359 March 20, 2017 at 3:32 am For the last decade or so, I’ve thought of Amazon as the WalMart of online shopping. It hadn’t occurred to me that they might be the WalMart. Every year or two, I find a new reason not to do business with Amazon. Guess I just learned my reason for 2017. Reply ↓ Another Anon March 20, 2017 at 4:34 am I have been wondering whether in the long term, things like 3-D printing will affect even companies like Amazon in that if one could make an item in ones home, why order it as one could immediatly see, smell or wear the item. True, while 3-D printers that an individual can buy are not very versatile, I have seen videos of clothes made by 3-D printers and I wonder if such machines will ever be affordable. Reply ↓ UserFriendly March 20, 2017 at 6:21 am There is a limit to 3D printing; namely the ‘ink’. Most use thermoplastic, which is fine for things that can be made with plastic. The handful of other things that can be 3D printed need a whole different kind of printer, not just a different ‘ink’ cartridge. Reply ↓ Cujo359 March 20, 2017 at 2:08 pm Yes, that’s a clear limitation to the current technology. Another is that you still have to order the “ink” from somewhere. What happens when everyone’s out of blue ABS plastic #2 ? Reply ↓ visitor March 20, 2017 at 7:05 am There are industrial (-grade, -size and -price) 3D printers that can produce objects in a variety of materials, including metallic ones. There are still plenty of restrictions on the kinds of “ink” that can be used reliably though, and the costs are astronomical for large series — for which traditional manufacturing techniques are much more economical and flexible regarding materials. Reply ↓ tegnost March 20, 2017 at 1:07 pm yes, I’m picturing the stockpile of raw materials one would need to construct quality items and thinking it won’t work, but there is a remote chance it could work in a community/co-op situation, I’ve heard that someone involved with the lopez island dump wants the community to buy one so there is less shipping waste (styrofoam, peanuts, etc…) Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob March 20, 2017 at 2:28 pm 3-D printers should at some point become extremely cheap providing the materials necessary to construct the 3-D printer itself aren’t prohibitively expensive. Just program the printer to make a copy of itself and there you have it – Amazon is toast. Unless of course Amazon becomes the sole supplier of the ‘ink’…. Reply ↓ AbateMagicThinking but Not money March 20, 2017 at 5:08 am Middle class jobs in warehouses; what do the working class do? Has anyone asked the one percent how they stratify themselves nowadays? I imagine that it is old money knickerbockers at the top with graduations down to pushy-trashy-grabbers at the bottom. As I understand it, Downtom Abbey was a big hit stateside. Was this something to do with the one percent becoming more prominent after 2008? For us Brits, Downton depicts a version of a pond we all used to swim in. The pond water has changed somewhat since then, but the old stratifications were fairly rigid. For that reason we measure ourselves against the good old – bad old days, and of course, money and the ‘right’ education still count for a lot. Us Brits don’t like talking about our money, but will talk endlessly about class. From the British point of view, Americans are more than happy to talk money, but seem to be very reluctant to talk about class. I realise that these are broad generalisations. What are the current trends? Would anyone agree that those who deny the existence of the class-war are those who have already won it? Nothing to see here; just a police-action. Reply ↓ Carolinian March 20, 2017 at 9:16 am Downton was a big hit on our PBS, but while PBS has some squillionaire angels the audience likely tends to be upper middle class for their popular Brit tentpoles. These viewers probably saw Downton as a how to guide for gracious living as much as an entertainment since drama-wise the show was impossibly dull. That said, the much better Poldark import was decidedly class war-ish as was Indian Summers. I’m not sure you can use these pop entertainments as some sort of barometer for elite sentiments. Also here our public television depends heavily on pledge drives and contributions and the programming reflects this need for a well heeled audience. As for Brits talking endlessly about class–interesting. What do they say? Reply ↓ Lee March 20, 2017 at 11:38 am I would add Call the Midwife to the list of PBS British programs that deals with working class issues, with particular focus on the positive effect of the UK universal healthcare system in its early years. Reply ↓ gardener1 March 20, 2017 at 6:41 pm “These viewers probably saw Downton as a how to guide for gracious living as much as an entertainment since drama-wise the show was impossibly dull.” Oh yes, I think I managed to make it through one episode and never again. The real deal was Upstairs Downstairs, it was everything that Downtown is not. Reply ↓ marcos March 20, 2017 at 10:26 pm Downton played as it did because so many Americans see themselves as temporarily embarrassed millionaires. Reply ↓ P Fitzsimon March 20, 2017 at 10:46 am In America talking about class, religion or politics in polite society is viewed as unacceptable behavior. I come from a working class background, my wife more middle to upper-middle class. She advises me to avoid these subjects when in contact with her relatives. Money on the other hand … Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 20, 2017 at 5:15 am Voters in Pennsylvania’s Luzerne County, which flipped to Trump, turned thumbs down on warehouse jobs. They’re crapified. So it only took four years for the reality of Obama’s con that warehouse jobs are “good jobs at good wages” to bubble up into press reports. I would imagine working people, er, worked it out the con much more quickly than the political class did. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin March 20, 2017 at 10:19 am If there is anything that demonstrates the weakness of organized labor in the U.S., it is the lack of all out effort to organize Amazon warehouses. Virtually all of them are brand new and built with significant public financial support for which job promises have been made, so the relocation threat should be basically non-existent. Yet as far as I can tell, there is no real organizing taking place. Manufacturing jobs were sh1t jobs in the 1930s (and many are again sh1t jobs now) before the unions made them better. Amazon ought to be the #1 organizing target in the U.S. right now. Reply ↓ neo-realist March 20, 2017 at 4:45 pm From what I’ve read about it, I suspect the micromanaging nature of the Amazon workplace makes it very difficult to organize. Any small stray from the company policies by an employee can cause one to be written up and fired shortly after if more rabble rousing “occurrences” happen. Probably enough desperate unemployed/underemployed wastrels who will take what they can get from the company in the cities where the warehouses are that allow for easy replacement. Akin to working in a police state environment. Reply ↓ thoughtful person March 20, 2017 at 11:45 pm Per previous articles on NC re: amazon warehouse working conditions, it is amazon policy to ‘retire’ most workers after about a year. In addition to not paying benefits, this practice no doubt puts, a damper on organizing. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:22 pm When I read these two wonderful posts by Outis on Amazon (here and here) the idea struck me that Jeff Bezos’s true innovation was creating a workplace that would be impossible to organize. It seems that the workers are completely isolated from each other. Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun March 20, 2017 at 5:15 am Its gotta be remembered of course that malls cost a lot of retailing jobs as well. Big box and out of town stores have significantly fewer employees per $ of sales than traditional town and city centre shops. So my sympathy for those companies is somewhat limited. I do wonder though why Amazon isn’t cheaper and more profitable if it has so few employees per item sold. Is it that the delivery process itself is so expensive? If so, it may be a case of displaying costs from wages to capital (or even just to fuel costs, if its all in complex delivery movements). Although this may be balanced out by people needing to travel less to shop. But I think it does suggest that the commercial advantages are limited. I’m inclined to think there is a natural level for online shopping. A friend of mine who had a baby alone last year became obsessed with ordering everything on Amazon as she hated to leave her home. It was understandable at the time, but I’ve noticed that now the baby is a bit more mobile she is doing more ‘conventional’ shopping. Amazon was useful, but it meant I had to make weekly trips to her apartment to help her put together all the stuff she ordered, and doing returns was a major hassle. there are lots of things that are simply better to see and touch before you buy (not least clothes), and shops are generally better at providing support and help for things like buggies or bike trailers (I persuaded her not to buy the latter online as I knew I’d end up being the mechanic for free). Reply ↓ Foppe March 20, 2017 at 5:58 am Commercial advantages always come 2nd to perceived political advantages (e.g., that drivers are less likely to organize, because they have much less time to interact with colleagues, than store personnel is/was). Also, they’re less likely to get in your way / get close to you. Reply ↓ amousie March 20, 2017 at 8:56 am I do wonder though why Amazon isn’t cheaper and more profitable if it has so few employees per item sold. Profitable: Have you ever stopped to consider exactly all of the industries Amazon is involved in? They are far beyond retail and getting more vertically integrated every day. Their vision was always far-ranging. In many ways, their investors floated them for the last 2 decades to disrupt the industries they are in as well as local governments. e.g., Book sales, distribution and publishing. Movie / tv development, streaming and distribution. Server farms and database development internal and sold to 3rd parties. 3rd party sales on new and used items via their marketplace. Social media: Good Reads, etc. Device development like the Kindle and Fire. Robotic development for their warehouses. Shipping: their own delivery fleet, eventually drones, potentially tankers or at least their own logistics fleet which would probably be open to 3rd parties like most of their other offerings. Financial services. etc., etc., etc. As far as cheaper is concerned, many items listed for sale on Amazon are not sold (some aren’t shipped) by Amazon. In fact, I’d say you really have to pay attention to individual listings instead of simply clicking buy now. It sounds like Walmart has gotten more serious about competing with them. Free 2-day shipping on orders or $35 or more. No annual membership required. Considering that Walmart is much cheaper on single item grocery items and well other things, they could give Amazon some competition if they can break into Amazon’s online brand loyalty, especially if they decide to go into the entertainment venue. Wouldn’t it be interesting if they did something like buying Netflix and creating their own annual membership fees. Another wedge would be ordering online for Walmart and picking up your order same day at the store. Plus the local returns. Interesting times. I suspect Target will be next. Of course, there will be a lot more cardboard recycling required and someone has to be around to accept the deliveries. Think also about the current Walmart workforce, distribution centers and product lines. How can Walmart both leverage and streamline it if they break into Amazon’s online market. Once you start thinking about all the industries these giants touch, you realize that the job disruption could be much deeper (and more seemingly indirect) the more successful they get. Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun March 20, 2017 at 9:37 am Yes – this is why I think the threat of Amazon is less on the obvious – online delivery – and more on its overall strategy, which seems to be all about carving out monopolies. Online delivery isn’t really all that new or original. There have been catalogue retailers for decades, many very successful. Ordering from a catalogue is just a little less convenient that ordering online. And there have been many varients. I was reading a while back a history of a prosperous suburb in south Dublin, and like many at the time, the retailers in the Main Street had set up an instant order delivery service, serving a wide area and all the retailers, with deliveries 3-4 times a day. Essentially, you could call any shop, order groceries, flowers, hardware, etc., and they’d arrange for it all to be collected from the individual shops and delivered to your door within an hour or two of your call. This was very successful for years. I’m not sure exactly why it eventually failed, but I think it was mostly the arrival of mass car ownership and supermarkets – i.e. it was bigger retailers destroyed the notion of regular home deliveries – in effect, its been a circular change, nothing new. Reply ↓ jrs March 20, 2017 at 1:06 pm It’s also a payment service, buying things through Amazon is about as secure as buying anything on the net can possibly be (from simple criminals stealing credit cards that is, I’m not worrying about the NSA here, but theft). I’ve had my credit card hacked several times buying directly from retailers. But PayPal? Well PayPal is really not user friendly and it sucks, so PayPal’s act is most certainly not together. If there was a better alternative to the suck that is PayPal in wide use then more people would buy direct from the company. It’s true the credit card company will generally eat the loss on theft if using a credit card, but who wants to go through that? Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun March 20, 2017 at 1:44 pm I should have said above that the system I was reading about lasted I think from the 1920’s to the 1950’s, and there would have been numerous similar systems. Of course, payment would have been on tabs, paid up in cash at the end of the month. A much more secure method than credit cards. Reply ↓ jackiebass March 20, 2017 at 5:57 am I don’t know much about business but I’ve made an interesting observation. There is always a top dog and several pups that want to be the top dog. Today we have Walmart as the top dog with Amazon trying to take over. My observation is that no business is the top dog forever. Eventually their place at the top gets eroded by the competition and or poor management. Think of Sears. Once they were at the top of the heap and now it’s predicted they will go out of business. This seems to happen with all retail businesses. They exist either at the top or as one of the pups for a time then they disappear. If you made a list of once profitable businesses that no longer exists it would be a long lis. Reply ↓ Doug March 20, 2017 at 6:07 am And Tennessee gave Amazon corporate subsidies (corporate welfare) as part of the deal: http://www.nashvillescene.com/news/article/13038454/the-messy-truth-behind-amazons-tennessee-tax-tradeoff For which, Amazon was so grateful the company turned around and threatened to leave if Tennessee adjusted sales tax revenues See Race to Bottom: http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2017/03/race-bottom-cities-states-spend-45-billion-per-year-competing-jobs.html Reply ↓ nycTerrierist March 20, 2017 at 10:38 am If one looks at the broader picture, it’s as if government pays companies to gut wages. #RaceToTheBottom Reply ↓ james wordsworth March 20, 2017 at 6:50 am Lots of courier jobs! and eventually a drop in miles driven/gas sales. The other interesting one is the junk you can buy from China on Ebay etc. I can buy items for 99 cents with free shipping! In what universe is that a remotely viable strategy? (and yes the items do get here and if they don’t I get a refund). Still scratching my head on these ones. Reply ↓ cnchal March 20, 2017 at 8:14 am Freeee schipppping. You know how USPS does that? It is subsidized by customers that ship packages long distance, where the price increases are double digit percentage points. Something that does not affect Amazon with their government subsidized warehouses plopped where the subsidy is greatest, so I suspect the negotiation between Amazon and USPS goes similar to this. Amazon: raise prices on long distance shippers to lower ours, unless it’s really long distance and coming from China. USPS: We are happy to slaughter businesses for you. Reply ↓ Jim A March 20, 2017 at 9:31 am Yes, Amazon may only employ half as many people to sell $100 but there should at least a few relatively stable union jobs added with delivery companies. In the long term…Has Amazon broken even yet? We simply just don’t know how competitive it REALLY is with brick and mortar stores because every sale is subsidized by investors. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin March 20, 2017 at 10:23 am While that might have been true in the early years, I believe Amazon is funding virtually all of its more recent growth with internally generated cash flow. Reply ↓ tegnost March 20, 2017 at 12:53 pm yeah, hide the profit, feed the metastasis…. Reply ↓ oaf March 20, 2017 at 7:15 am Define *job*,,,There are other ways to be poor that don’t hurt so bad. Reply ↓ Eustache de Saint Pierre March 20, 2017 at 7:20 am If already not stated the above of course also applies to Europe. Reply ↓ der March 20, 2017 at 8:21 am Amazon warehouse jobs ($13 hr max) were never meant to be more than temporary (2 years avg.) as a job with a “future” would be expected to offer benefits. As to Eddie Lampert’s Sears his Randian mid-level executive department competition plan is the primary reason the company is hemorrhaging money. Both companies are poor representatives of any place to look for a job with a future. And on the east coast Baltimore is a boarded and abandoned shell of its once thriving manufacturing working class base, Uber, Lyft and casino gambling are its greatness now. Reply ↓ human March 20, 2017 at 1:26 pm Add Bridgeport, CT to your list. The recent arrival of a Bass Pro Shop, and its’ attendant 300 retail jobs, was the best news in decades. Reply ↓ a different chris March 20, 2017 at 9:16 am Well Amazon is the most horrible of horrible — but OTOH, kids are being priced out of automobile ownership and my observation is that if you make it to your late 20s w/out a car you (wisely) aren’t so sure you want one. But this is just an observation since I’m not only a Baby Boomer but also a gearhead… So the idea of shopping that requires a car seems like it is maybe on its last, um, legs. Reply ↓ jrs March 20, 2017 at 1:15 pm The true suburban idea, driving everywhere to buy anything, was somewhat only made possible by unpaid female labor anyway (doing all that driving around to shop). Before that there were a lot of delivery services, so that idea is not new. Reply ↓ oho March 20, 2017 at 9:26 am >>Mall anchors like Macy’s have been particularly hard hit by competition from Amazon, Do the stats support this statement? electronics and home goods I absolutely see losing to Amazon but apparel too? comparing online sales to ‘mall-type store’ sales isn’t apples to apples. I thought Macy’s was more a symptom of declining real income for the ol’ suburban middle class. And people spending less on clothes and deciding to buy clothes from Wal-Mart/Target instead of Macy’s/JCP. Reply ↓ Katharine March 20, 2017 at 12:21 pm I’m not sure why focusing on mall anchors matters. Historically, they only became commonplace about forty years ago, maybe a bit more. Before that, roughly speaking, there were downtown department stores, neighborhood or small-town clothing shops and shoe stores, and the Sears catalog (and a few others) for people too far from those resources. If the major chains wipe out, it is only after having themselves destroyed more local and independent stores, and there is some temptation to say bad cess to them. What surely does matter is what happens to jobs and to people’s ability to find the things they need, as distinct from those someone wants them to buy, but those problems have been growing for a long time. As far as I can see, Amazon is part of a long ugly trend rather than a novel villain. As the latest part, it’s currently the ugliest, but God knows things could still get worse. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMarch 20, 2017 at 2:23 pm Huh? Town centers were displaced as the main nexus of shopping by malls. To say, “Oh it was different 40 years ago” is like using the world pre-personal-computers as a benchmark for today. Macy’s is an important guide because until it was displaced by Amazon last year, it was the largest apparel retailer in the US. You can see that its store closures are almost without exception in malls: https://www.thebalance.com/macys-store-closings-2892434 I didn’t find any stats in 5 mins on Google, but I am pretty sure that for bricks and mortar apparel stores, that malls were a higher % of total sales than “high street” locations. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin March 20, 2017 at 2:47 pm Yes, but what I think Katherine is implying is that there are large downsides to malls and that the death of them, if you could rebuild brick-and-mortar retail in a more social way, would not be a bad thing. I hate Amazon but I will never be a mall shopper. It can’t be that those are the only two options going forward. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:27 pm > if you could rebuild brick-and-mortar retail in a more social way, would not be a bad thing It would be great, but if it needs to be done with local tax revenue, how does that get bootstrapped, with the mill gone, and the mall gone? Reply ↓ jerry March 20, 2017 at 10:15 am “What’s most troubling to brick-and-mortar retailers and their workers is that Amazon’s sales growth is accelerating (19% in 2014, 20% in 2015 and 28% in 2016), and shows no sign of plateauing.” Wow, those are big time sales growth numbers.. the technological displacement is going to happen either way, we might as well just get this thing over with and face the music. Either the government is ok with millions of people living in cardboard boxes, or we will finally get some kind of BIG/JG when demand goes down the tubes. Reply ↓ washunate March 20, 2017 at 10:39 am I find it intriguing that a lot of economists and commentators don’t take the opportunity to talk about jobs in the macro context of what is going on. Could Amazon actually kill more American jobs than China did? This whole setup is a poor construction that doesn’t add to our understanding of either the production or distribution of resources. Neither companies nor countries (nor robots, for that matter) kill jobs. They create (or destroy) leisure time, time that we have as human beings to do things other than work to produce the basic needs of keeping our species going. How we distribute leisure time is what determines the quantity of jobs, since number of jobs is a dynamic ratio, not a constant (to simplify, total jobs = total # of hours worked divided by avg # hours per job). If productivity increase decreases aggregate hours required from 40,000 to 20,000, that doesn’t necessarily reduce the number of jobs from 1,000 to 500. It could reduce the work week from 40 hours to 20 hours instead. That’s a policy choice, not something decided by economic laws or corporate competition. It’s particularly ironic in the context of retailers. The economic activity of shopping is heavily dependent upon people having large amounts of time not at work. Macy’s was a quintessential example of this. Their model of the department store was for an adult to spend all day there. Get your hair done. Eat lunch with friends. Browse the merchandise. This can only occur if you have free time and disposable income, and is only fun if you also have friends with free time and disposable income. Just some food for thought from 30,000 feet. Reply ↓ Grumpy Engineer March 20, 2017 at 11:53 am Aye. That’s an interesting observation. Especially when you note that the workforce is becoming stratified into two distinct populations: Full-time workers who get good wages and benefits, but have less free time than ever before due to the increasingly “Internet-tethered” nature of work, and part-time workers who have more free time but get lousy wages and benefits and can barely make ends meet. Friends with both free time and surplus disposable income are becoming increasingly rare. [That’s certainly the situation in my own social circles. They’ll have one or the other, but not both. Only retirees with good pensions get the best of both worlds, and we all know what’s happening to pensions…] Perhaps it’s time for a 32-hour work-week? Reply ↓ jrs March 20, 2017 at 1:24 pm the lack of time is probably part of why they internet shop yes. It’s hard to say if they shop less or more though, I’m going with less because of no time, but working so much also forces compensatory behaviors (shop therapy sometimes but also buying stuff rather than any more time consuming way of solving whatever problem one would solve by buying something – say maybe by fixing something one already has etc.). Life is lived more sensibly overall with time to breath. Reply ↓ Grumpy Engineer March 20, 2017 at 2:00 pm Lack of time is definitely why I typically Internet shop. I barely have time to haul myself to even one store to look for something. And if I strike out and have to seek out a second store or (shudder) even a third… There goes my down time and then some. [Amazon does provide me with a true service in that regard: They save me time. Something I greatly value these days.] I’d quite cheerfully hand back 20% of my paycheck in exchange for a 32-hour work-week. But given that the per-employee overhead expenses (i.e., healthcare and other benefits) wouldn’t go down along with it, I don’t see the corporate world going for this unless legally required to do so. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:30 pm For me, too. I have no car, and it takes two hours for the bus to get me to the mall, and two hours to get back (and the last bus back leaves downtown, unbelievably, at 5:15PM, so I can’t even eat dinner downtown!). If I’m going to have a day trip to the Bangor Mall, heck, why not just go to Boston? More expensive and time-consuming, for sure, but orders of magnitude more fun… Reply ↓ Susan the other March 20, 2017 at 12:09 pm I would like to know how many jobs total were offshored from the 80s on. To read here that China only displaced 2 million US jobs (manufacturing) – it is a mind-boggling pittance. The effect is greater. Because those jobs slowed retail which in turn finally couldn’t compete with Amazon buying cheap imports (textiles and manufactures, in bulk) and clearly demand is down so nobody’s gonna start the next LLBean any time soon just to import cheap stuff and put their label on it. And etc. And also too, the biggest culprit is automation. It all looks like industrial policy by default to me. Reply ↓ human March 20, 2017 at 1:38 pm The biggest culprit is not automation. It is reliance on short term profits and the bottom line. I see any number of retailers who are now realizing that they have overbuilt (same store sales declining while gross receipts increase only slightly), relying on subsidized construction and real estate costs, when they should have built stronger customer service teams with more reliable and greater selection/sizes of products. Reply ↓ Art Eclectic March 20, 2017 at 1:58 pm Exactly. What all the wailing and gnashing of teeth drowns out is the fact that the retailers mentioned are all public owner companies that have chosen Shareholder Value over running an outstanding business. I order from Amazon half the time because a retail store is out of stock of what I need. Or the lines are too long because some MBA titan of industry is watching labor budget dollars. The shopping experience is so crapified at these big stores that Amazon is a better experience. It’s not evendors about the money for me, it’s about my TIME and frustration with stock. Reply ↓ Brian M March 21, 2017 at 3:33 pm I have read statistics that claim that the United States has 3-8 times as much retail space per capita as most “advanced” economies. All in the pursuit of customer convenience. Why go to a monolithic faceless slice of Big Box Generica (The National Automobile Slum) when one can more easily buy on line and avoid the horrors of the power centers and suburban megamalls? Reply ↓ McWatt March 20, 2017 at 11:28 am Walmart killed local small community retail, Amazon is killing big urban retail. There is no question that retail locations over built and over expanded nation wide. There was bound to be pull back. However, this retail pull back is beyond what everyone was expecting and the culprit is Amazon and other on-line retailers. I have stores in two of the old line large residential communities in the Chicago area. The big chains are pulling out leaving empty storefronts. The small retailers that appear to have been successful for years are closing, leaving even more empty storefronts. Both communities are doubling down on large cash retail grants, land gifts, zoning variances and Sales Tax Rebate Programs to new business to come in. And they are doubling their efforts with developers to build apartments on top of what? More retail space. Insane. Reply ↓ Sluggeaux March 20, 2017 at 12:09 pm Just depressing. Malls and big retail killed our towns. Now Amazon is killing the malls. Soon waiting for Amazon to deliver will be the American equivalent of waiting in the queue at the GUM — the Main Universal Store on Red Square in the bad old USSR. Obama claiming that working at an Amazon fulfillment center is “middle class” was no different than Brezhnev’s Nomenklatura and Apparatchiks showing up in their black limos to exhort the workers at the tractor factory. Why shouldn’t American life be as dreary as life was depicted to be in the Soviet Union? After all, Steve Bannon claims to be a Leninist… Reply ↓ mirjonray March 20, 2017 at 2:02 pm A huge feature of those Soviet-style queues is hoping that soap or heads of cabbages will still be in stock by the time you reach the head of the line. I live in a respectably large metropolitan area, and I’m finding that I have to order more and more of my everyday supplies online simply because I can’t count on finding them in my local stores at any given time. I’ve also found out a long time ago that if one store is out of an item, chances are really good that its competitors will also be out of that item as well. What’s really frustrating is when items are also out of stock online. I’ve had to come up with an absurd little inventory control system to make sure I always have these items available. For example, there as several items that I make sure I always have one extra container on hand, and for a few other items (like my favorite store brand of skin lotion) I have to make sure I have at least three extra containers on hand to get me through those 6-8 week dry spells when they’re just not available anywhere. I believe I read a few months ago that Wal-Mart isn’t even trying to keep their shelves fully stocked because they want to save costs by having people purchase their products online from warehouses rather than from their more labor-intensive stores. Reply ↓ Grumpy Engineer March 20, 2017 at 2:54 pm Gah. It sounds like the management fad of “just-in-time” inventory management has finally hit retail. We’ve been dealing with it for years in heavy industry, where “inventory turns” somehow became a key metric to be maximized. But somehow, nobody accounts for the customers who get mad because their desperately-needed spare part takes forever to be shipped because it has to be JIT manufactured from components bought from a third-party supplier that also practices JIT inventory management that in turn buys sub-components from yet another company that’s on the JIT bandwagon. In theory, it all works. In reality, there are too many possible sources of delay. And if you acknowledge the reality of Murphy’s Law, you can see how this will happen far too often. I can’t imaging this making retail customers happy. It’ll only push them to online sellers. Or into maintaining their own inventory management schemes, like you’ve done. It’s enough to make a person grumpy. Reply ↓ Art Eclectic March 20, 2017 at 10:33 pm Inventory management has cost plenty of big retailers to lose my dollars. Most recently, I walked away from Petsmart after continued frustration of them being out of stock. There’s only just so many times I was willing to go to another store in order to (maybe) complete my shopping trip. I started ordering a few things from Amazon at first, then they offered me discounts if I set up subscriptions. I now subscribe for deliveries of food and cat litter. I’ll never darken Petsmart’s doors again because I kept running into empty shelves and they wasted my time (and gas) too often. Target lost my business for much the same reason. I’ve cut my trips to Home Depot in half and order many things online now. How’s that Shareholder Value working out for y’all? Reply ↓ Ulysses March 21, 2017 at 9:47 am “I live in a respectably large metropolitan area, and I’m finding that I have to order more and more of my everyday supplies online simply because I can’t count on finding them in my local stores at any given time.” That’s very different from my experience here in Queens. I never order online, and I easily find everything I need in the many thousands of retail stores within a thirty minute subway ride from my home. I do, however, often have to do some online research– to discover where these retail outlets are located. Reply ↓ Ulysses March 21, 2017 at 9:59 am Contrast this to the approach of having lots of stuff, along with plenty of well-trained staff, that I find whenever I shop at a Wegmans upstate. No wonder they are the most popular grocery store in the country! Reply ↓ Rich March 20, 2017 at 2:18 pm To see the future just watch the movie Elysium Reply ↓ Ulysses March 21, 2017 at 9:47 am Yep. :( Reply ↓ WorldBLee March 20, 2017 at 2:26 pm I think it’s less Amazon killing jobs as corporate America killing jobs left and right. If there were no Amazon, all the big retailers would be selling more items through their online channels–but the retail jobs would still be suffering as a) people have less disposable income and b) retailers can sell stuff with fewer jobs by shipping straight from the warehouse (and they want to cut their costs as much as they can). Plus, as others have noted, online shopping saves time, something that’s also in short supply. Amazon happens to be the most successful company in the online retail space but they’re the beneficiary of the trend that would be occurring anyway in my view. Reply ↓ sd March 21, 2017 at 1:27 am Over the last ten years, I’ve seen a real drop in the availability of building materials. Items that used to be same day delivery now require 3 day lead time. Consistently, flooring is 6 weeks out. Lumber is wet, it’s no longer kiln dried (or if it is, it damn well doesn’t look or feel it) and don’t get me started on the various things called “metal” Increasingly, everything is coming out of a warehouse overseas. If we don’t start manufacturing items again in the US, the day is going to come where we can’t get anything and the shelves are bare. Amazon or no Amazon. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:33 pm > I’ve seen a real drop in the availability of building materials. Yikes. Reply ↓ Olivier March 20, 2017 at 6:26 pm Why the focus on Amazon? Much retail activity will be moving online with or without Amazon. It’s not like Amazon has a lock on the technology: the online shopping cart is ubiquitous. Amazon is a threat primarily to other online retailers, not to brick-and-mortar stores, which are doomed anyway. Reply ↓ RBHoughton March 20, 2017 at 11:28 pm I don’t agree with the thesis. Last month the wife’s food mixer started to fail. The motor is too small to mix bread dough. After two years it was scratching the bowl. I order a UK brand from Amazon USA and it was delivered to me in Hong Kong the following day. Not only that but it was 60% of the price in the local shops where we had wasted half a day searching. Then there’s Tesla. No servicing required. If Tesla discovers your car is not performing optimally it reprograms your car’s computer whilst you are asleep. No more carless days waiting for a mechanic to do his job. Habit and routine are being replaced by original thought and America is way out ahead. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMarch 21, 2017 at 1:16 am Who is going to have the income to support your cheaper shopping? You have lost sight of the fact than if people have to work as a condition of survival, it becomes a responsibility of the ruling classes. The end game of your little contented shopping is vastly more income and wealth disparity, which is highly correlated with shorter lifespans, even for the rich due to the greater stress of living in a highly stratified society, and more violence. I do not want to live in a society where rich people have snipers on their roofs, as I have seen in some countries. But you seem just ducky with the larger externalities as long as you have your easy shopping. Gah. Reply ↓ Ulysses March 21, 2017 at 9:52 am “I do not want to live in a society where rich people have snipers on their roofs, as I have seen in some countries. But you seem just ducky with the larger externalities as long as you have your easy shopping. Gah” Very well said! “Gah” seems like the mildest expletive possible to respond to such a stunningly selfish statement! Reply ↓ REX NUTTING March 21, 2017 at 9:32 am Thanks for hosting a good discussion of this topic, Yves. There was another good discussion on Reddit. I stand by my statement that manufacturing jobs are more concentrated in “a comparatively few counties.” This is not, as you “a remarkable admission of elite blindness” on my part, but a simple acknowledgement of the facts. You should really look at map of the Rust Belt if you don’t believe me. According to the Commerce Department, there were 181 counties (out of 3,141 total) where manufacturing accounted for at least 20% of employment. Most of these counties are the Midwest and South, and most of them are rural or micropolitan areas. Manufacturing accounts for only about 7% of national jobs, but more than 20% in Indiana and Wisconsin, and more than 14% in Iowa, Michigan, Ohio, Kansas, Alabama, Arkansas, South Carolina and New Hampshire. Retail, by contrast, is spread fairly evenly across the country. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMarch 21, 2017 at 1:52 pm Thanks for replying but the statistics you are citing are not relevant to your claim. Looking at where jobs are now does not tell you where jobs were before the losses occurred. In 1973, manufacturing employment as a share of the civilian noninstutional population was 2.5 times what it is today. At its peak in 1977, manufacturing was 22% of nonfarm payrolls. Reply ↓ REX D NUTTING March 21, 2017 at 10:04 pm Challenge accepted. The vast majority of manufacturing jobs lost between 1967 and 2014 occurred in just 173 counties out of more than 3,100. (National manufacturing employment fell from 19.3 million to 11.9 million, as employment in these 173 counties dropped from 12.4 million to 4.4 million). Net manufacturing employment actually rose in the remaining counties. Specifically: 4.1 million jobs were lost in 50 counties, including Cook County, LA County, Wayne County, Cuyahoga County, and Allegheny County. Employment in these counties went from 6.7 million to 2.6 million. Chicago lost 78%, Detroit lost 82%, Pittsburgh lost 81%, Dayton lost 76%. A further 2.4 million jobs were lost in 26 other counties, where employment went from 2.8 million to around 400,000. These counties encompass New York City, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Boston, Newark, St. Louis, Atlanta, Gary, Providence and San Francisco. Manhattan lost 96% of its manufacturing jobs. About 1.5 million jobs were lost in 97 other counties. In many of these 173 counties, more than half of the jobs were lost. On average, they lost 48% of their factory jobs. To sum up: Manufacturing job losses were concentrated in a comparatively few counties. Manufacturing was and remains highly concentrated. By contrast, retail job losses hit nearly every city and town in America. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMarch 21, 2017 at 11:25 pm When you present the identity of these “counties” in terms of total number of inhabitants, it undermines the minimization of “relatively few counties” which comes off as trivializing the hollowing out of manufacturing. Most readers would assume that those “few counties” were in the Rust Belt, not huge urban centers. To say that it was concentrated in line with where population historically was concentrated is not consistent with the impression you give. The raw data is that more manufacturing jobs WERE lost than Amazon could displace. Manufacturing was a higher percentage of total employment, at 37%, than retail ever was, at roughly 10% per the BLS. And the BLS does not project that the percentage of people employed in retail trade will decline by 2024. And those jobs were on average higher paid. Thus it appears that you’ve cherry picked statistics to make the possibly waning future of retail employment to be more consequential than the fall in manufacturing jobs, when it isn’t. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:42 pm A couple of impressionistic responses: I’m not sure “counties” is the right way to think of this. For example, I don’t think of Los Angeles as a “county,” I think of it as a city. If — I’m guessing — manufacturing distribution follows a power curve, not a bell curve, we would indeed expect to find a very few counties (cities) at the top of the curve, followed by a long tail of manufacturing in the rest of the country (counties without large cities). I am a railroad fan, and looking at the articles and the models built from the 50s, it was quite normal for many, many towns to have railroad spurs for the local lumber yard, the brewery, the furniture factory, the metalworking shop, and so on. Much, even almost all of that, is gone now. (See Chris Arnade’s photographs). This is what I remember growing up, in my home town, and driving across the country. And where those workplaces were boarded up, communities were destroyed as well. In order words, manufacturing can still be “highly concentrated,” and yet its destruction at the long tail could also have massive effects on communities across the entire continent. Reply ↓ REX D NUTTING March 22, 2017 at 8:56 am My apologies if the evidence doesn’t lead where “most readers” or you would like it to. Most of the manufacturing jobs lost were lost in large urban centers, mostly in the Rust Belt stretching from New England to the Great Lakes. That’s just a fact. But because (some) big cities are good at creating jobs, people have found other work. There is no nostalgia in Manhattan for the factory that is now gone, the way there’s nostalgia in Milwaukee, Buffalo, Baltimore or Youngstown. It’s in the smaller cities and towns where there’s a problem, because once the factory leaves, the only employment left is the Wal-Mart. There is a huge hole in those towns that cannot be filled. Here is the point: Retail now occupies the role manufacturing once did: It supplies a lot of jobs for people with very few skills. And I raise the warning in a clickbait-y way that those jobs are in danger of being lost forever to “technology.” But this time it isn’t the evil Chinese doing it, it’s Jeff Bezos. (Of course, a significant portion of those manufacturing jobs were lost to technology as well, not to the Chinese, but that’s something we must never mention because it spoils the narrative.) The working class that fell from manufacturing to retail will now fall another rung. They’ll have to find other low-skilled work. Probably in health care and other minimum-wage social services. Or they will go on disability and Oxycontin. Or I suppose they could improve their skills and move to where the jobs are. … Nah! This economic transformation accompanying the loss of retail jobs is likely take a different character than the loss of Rust Belt manufacturing did, because retail jobs are spread out more evenly across the country. It’s possible no one will even notice, except the millions who’ve fallen further from the American Dream. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:45 pm > Retail now occupies the role manufacturing once did: It supplies a lot of jobs for people with very few skills. I disagree that manufacturing does not involve skill. Let’s not confuse skill with credentials or with symbol manipulation. See “Credentials, Jobs and the New Economy” by Tressie McMillan Cottom. On “most of the manufacturing jobs were lost,” see my comment above on a possible long tail; it’s community impact that matters, I think, and not numbers per se. Reply ↓ Ulysses March 22, 2017 at 2:57 pm “Or I suppose they could improve their skills and move to where the jobs are. … Nah!” Yes– because it’s sooo easy for an unemployed autoworker in Lordstown, OH, to abandon his elderly mother, get a master’s degree in a STEM field at Stanford, and “network” his way into working for those wonderful employers out there like Uber!/s “The truth about these dysfunctional, downscale communities is that they deserve to die.” http://www.nationalreview.com/article/432876/donald-trump-white-working-class-dysfunction-real-opportunity-needed-not-trump Reply ↓ Lambert Strether March 22, 2017 at 2:17 pm > On the other hand, with online shopping, you can find targets more efficiently, but the “hit or miss” element shifts to fit, color, and quality of fabric/tailoring. Being a guy, I have my products. I don’t want new ones; I want the same product when the old one wears out. Online doesn’t help with that at all. I have a brand and make of pants that I like (khaki, I’m a WASP, mkay?). Ordered some a few years ago, from Amazon; ordered the “same” pants again last summer, and the manufacturing quality was a lot worse. Worse zipper, worse stitching, no tacks where I expected them, worse fit though the “size” was the same. Online does not, in other words, prevent crapification. (Except through the reviews, I imagine, but multiple outlets sell the same products, and so reviews don’t aggregate by product.) Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments gsinbe on Links 3/23/17Does anyone else think the $25K in student... toshiro_mifune on Links 3/23/17Children understand far more about other minds than... inhibi on Links 3/23/17Disgusting. The new normal where you own nothing,... lyman alpha blob on Links 3/23/17I quit smoking at about the same time... financial matters on Who Benefits From the Mayo Clinic Explicitly Putting Commercially Insured Patients Ahead of Some Government Insured Patients?Yes, most hospitals, physician groups wouldn't be able... Topics Africa (17) Australia (126) Auto industry (93) Banana republic (3,001) Banking industry (4,635) Brexit (45) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (248) China (562) Commodities (454) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,621) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,454) Dubious statistics (574) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,751) Energy markets (503) Environment (450) Europe (618) Federal Reserve (1,266) Free markets and their discontents (1,402) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (319) Globalization (1,095) Guest Post (6,425) Health care (386) Hedge funds (416) Income disparity (943) India (15) Infrastructure (77) Investment banks (744) Investment management (494) Investment outlook (849) Japan (204) Legal (1,874) Links (3,031) Macroeconomic policy (971) Market inefficiencies (228) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (140) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (286) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (31) Politics (4,997) Private equity (508) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,521) Regulations and regulators (3,566) Ridiculously obvious scams (435) Risk and risk management (717) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,009) Social values (1,782) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (119) Taxes (382) Technology and innovation (447) The destruction of the middle class (1,328) The dismal science (1,456) TPP (83) UK (113) Water Cooler (637) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
null
Hot Topics: Judge: Longmont can cut tree 7-vehicle crash Johnnie St. Vrain Rabbit Mountain elk hunt New breweries News tips TC Line: Sorry to see Penney's go Posted:   03/19/2017 04:52:54 PM MDT Updated:   03/19/2017 04:53:34 PM MDT JC Penney • I'm really sorry to see that JC Penney is leaving Longmont after all these years. It has a strong heritage, including the original person, James Cash Penney, who started here in Longmont, It's just kind of a shame to see it go after all these years, but times change and that's what happens. • Don't worry about losing JC Penney. We still have Kohl's and Walmart. Citizenship solution It's nice that the churches are wanting to help the immigrants, but what's the long term solution? The long term solution to citizenship. Why don't they help them on becoming coming citizens? Now that be a more productive effort. Veteran discounts We were at Culver's, my brother and husband and I. My husband is a veteran, and he was wearing his hat that said "I served in Vietnam." And he got a discount for his food, and I believe that all restaurants should honor our veterans all year long, not just on Memorial Day and Veterans Day. Again, a big thank you to Culver's for giving my husband that discount. Trump travel costs If you run the numbers related around Trump traveling to Florida almost every weekend, maintaining a residence in New York for his wife, and the cost of the security protection for his family as they flit around the world, in four years this will cost the American taxpayers and estimated $1 billion. Chuck Berry Advertisement This goes out to Chuck Berry. I was fortune enough to see Chuck Berry at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame opening, as I donated money to build that place. Even at just about 58 years old back in 1985, the man still put on a great show at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. I hope he's riding along in his automobile, his baby beside him at the wheel. Not our rep I'm a Frederick/Firestone resident, and last night I saw on the TV news a state representative who is pushing his political agenda in Weld County. He does not represent our area. He represents Louisville. He is very much anti-fracking, very much anti-commerce, very much anti-oil. I want him to keep his nose out of our business. ... Boulder County does not hardly have any oil wells at all, yet they get all up in the air about it. Caring for others? I think I've got this right, that Trump promised to put America first and that many of his voters were from the Christian right. ... Why isn't the Christian right screaming and yelling at Mr. Trump about cutting funding to ... children's food programs in the schools, women's health care and the whole long list of services that are provided to help the Christian perspective achieve their goal of taking care of the poor, the sick and the elderly? Enemies of press I think it was a political cartoon that I saw that suggested how much better off we would be if both parties were the enemy of the press instead of just one. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Longmont weather: Red flag warning but a chance of overnight snow Longmont-area events for Thursday, March 23, 2017 Judge clears way for Longmont to cut down disputed cottonwood tree   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker Second Story Garage SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Beverage Giants Continue to Shift Gears as Bottled Water Consumption Surpassed Soda in 2016 The decline of carbonated beverages in the U.S. is a decade-long trend -- here is what investors need to consider. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Mar 19, 2017 at 8:00PM In this segment from Motley Fool Money, the team discusses the results of recent research regarding soda and bottled water consumption. As bottled water grows in popularity -- and soda declines -- investors will have to consider the long-term impact this trend will have on beverage industry leaders, including Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), Pepsico (NYSE:PEP), and Sodastream (NASDAQ:SODA). A full transcript follows the video.    This video was recorded on March 10, 2017. Chris Hill: Move over soda, there's a new leader in the US. According to the latest research, Americans drank more bottled water in 2016 than soda. And Jason, we have seen soda consumption on the decline for over a decade. But I was still a little surprised by this news. Jason Moser: I actually was not, and the reason why was because I look at myself and I think -- I mean, I have been so ingrained in my Diet Coke habit for so long, and if I have made such a drastic change in my Diet Coke consumption, and I really have -- you look at the kids today, soda just doesn't maintain the same position in the typical U.S. household than it did, perhaps, when we were growing up. And I think that's just a real proxy as to what's going on here. Andy Cross: When's the last time that someone brought a soda into the studio for this show? Just sat down with a Coke bottle right here? It's got to be a long time! Matt Argersinger: I see a water bottle, I see tea. Cross: Right, and coffee. Moser: I feel like I did, probably, at some point this week. But to your point, this really was a matter of when, not if. And if you look at just one example, look at the litany of Coca-Cola earnings reports where it seems like every quarter, sparkling beverage unit case volume declined 2% for the quarter, and still beverage unit case volume grew for the quarter. And that's just been the story for the last two to three years. So, it's not a surprise. The health benefits are clear. Argersinger: And I applaud Coca-Cola for making some pretty early investments in those still beverages areas, Honest Tea being one which is a really popular one, and just diversifying as much as they can. It's still amazing to see that such a -- is it fair to say -- staple of the American diet has come down so much? Now, I know they have a lot of growth outside of North America, overseas and internationally in emerging markets. So, there's still, obviously, healthy demand for carbonated beverages. But I'm surprised, too, to see this on the decline. Cross: Pepsi was on this years ago, when they expanded into the snacks business, which is very nicely profitable, and actually is under a lot of pressure, too, and they're starting to diversify away from that, trying to get more than half their sales tied to more healthy alternatives with people outside of soda and snacks. So, it's definitely the trend that's playing that these guys aren't picking up. There are plenty of upstarts and really young, innovative companies are going to come in and take that share from them. Hill: And let's be clear. While water is on the rise, it is in particular packaged water. I couldn't help but think about a company like Sodastream when I was looking at this story, where they have the reusable bottles and you can make it at home, you can make your own carbonated water, that sort of thing. One ripple effect of this story is the ecological one. Bottled water sales are on the rise. That's great in terms of health, except if we're talking about health of the planet. Moser: I think more places are also setting themselves up with water coolers like we have. So, I'm drinking more water, but it's not like I'm buying a bottle of water every time, I'm just refilling that same bottle. We'll probably see more and more of that type of behavior as well, which certainly doesn't hurt the environment. Cross: Yeah, and La Croix, which offers their seltzer water in a can as opposed to a bottle, which is far more recyclable and better for the environment than the bottles that you get from some of the other providers. Andy Cross owns shares of PepsiCo. Chris Hill owns shares of Coca-Cola. Jason Moser has no position in any stocks mentioned. Matthew Argersinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends PepsiCo. The Motley Fool owns shares of SodaStream. The Motley Fool recommends Coca-Cola. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Mar 19, 2017 at 8:00PM Consumer Goods Stocks Coca-Cola NYSE:KO $42.38 no change (0.00%) PepsiCo NYSE:PEP $112.02 no change (0.00%) SodaStream NASDAQ:SODA $47.24 no change (0.00%) Read More Why Frontier Communications, Nike, and Sirius XM Slumped Today Why Shake Shack Inc. Shareholders Have Nothing to Worry About 5 Things Ulta Salon Management Wants You to Know Five Below Scores Big for the Holidays The Biggest Risks Facing Las Vegas Casinos Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Beverage Giants Continue to Shift Gears as Bottled Water Consumption Surpassed Soda in 2016 @themotleyfool #stocks $KO, $PEP, $SODA
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ה אדר תשע"ז   |   Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Business Briefs – March 19, 2017 Business Briefs – March 19, 2017 Sunday, March 19, 2017 at 9:12 pm | כ"א אדר תשע"ז Germany’s Merkel and Japan’s Abe Urge Free Trade With Jabs at U.S. HANOVER, Germany (Reuters) – German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe spoke up for free trade at a major technology fair on Sunday with jabs clearly pointed at an increasingly protectionist United States. Both called for a free trade deal to be reached quickly between Japan and the European Union, in comments made after G20 finance ministers and central bankers dropped a long-standing mention of open trade in their final communique after a two-day meeting in Germany. Neither leader named the U.S. government as they opened the CeBIT technology fair in Hanover, but both used the opportunity to distance themselves from protectionist tendencies coming from the Trump administration. “In times when we have to argue with many about free trade, open borders and democratic values, it’s a good sign that Japan and Germany no longer argue about this but rather are seeking to shape the future in a way that benefits people,” Merkel said. As G20 president, Germany feels especially committed to these principles, she added. After meeting President Donald Trump in Washington on Friday for the first time, Merkel said she hoped the United States and the European Union could resume discussions on a trade agreement. Trump said he did not believe in isolationism but that trade policy should be fairer. Auto Industry Backs Commitment To Fuel Economy Amid Doubts DEARBORN, Mich. (AP) – Just because President Trump may weaken U.S. fuel economy requirements, don’t expect gas guzzlers like the giant 13 mpg Hummer H1 to make a comeback. Executives from automakers and suppliers gathered at a conference said looser fuel economy standards might allow for sales of more trucks in areas where they’re popular. But otherwise, the pursuit of fuel-efficiency technologies would proceed unabated. Wal-Mart Buys Online Clothing Seller ModCloth NEW YORK (AP) – Wal-Mart is buying trendy online clothing selling ModCloth. The company has been making a big push to pick up smaller online brands as it tries to make headway against Amazon. But winning over ModCloth’s customers, who are fans of its vintage-inspired patterned dresses and inclusive sizing, may be a challenge. “Soda Tax” Stakes Escalate in Pivotal Philadelphia Fight PHILADELPHIA (AP) – Philadelphia has become a pivotal battleground in the beverage industry’s push to stop “soda taxes” from gaining momentum. Since a new tax on sweetened drinks went into effect Jan. 1, a coalition of businesses looking to overturn it say sales are down so much they need to cut jobs. Tax supporters question the announcements of layoffs so soon after the tax went into effect, and note beverage distributors and supermarkets aren’t required to pass on the entire cost of the tax to shoppers. Dallas Offers Cautionary Tale As It Moves to Fix 911 Woes DALLAS (AP) – Dallas has been experiencing disruptions in its 911 service that began in October and at one point last week resulted in 360 calls being placed on hold. More dispatchers have been assigned to field 911 calls and technological glitches have been fixed, which should smooth operations, a city spokeswoman said Friday. But the problems plaguing Dallas can be found with other 911 systems that rely on increasingly obsolete networks that are incompatible with new technologies and protocols. Print Email Gmail Related Business Briefs – March 16, 2017 Business Briefs – March 15, 2017 Business Briefs – January 18, 2017 Business Briefs – January 24, 2017 Business Briefs – February 9, 2017 More in Business Mexico Emerges as Most Alluring Emerging Market, India Worst Bank Leumi and Chinese Insurance Giant Ping An to Cooperate in Promoting Israeli High-Tech in China FOCUS: Currency Fallout Seen as Israel Closes in on Citi’s Bond Index One Day After Steep Stock-Market Drop, S&P and Nasdaq Rise as Investors Seek Bargains Existing-Home Sales Slowed in February After Surge in January OP-ED The Unpleasant Truth About Purim A Breath of Fresh Air for Israel Unfair Play Working for a Solution Juggling Act The Real World of Obamacare Repeal We Didn’t Think we Agreed on Undocumented Immigration. We Were Wrong. The “Trial” of Neil Gorsuch President Trump’s Foreign Policy Doctrine: Escalate to De-Escalate Leave the Constitution Alone Beware the Cyber-Bear Erasure, Inscription and Mesirus Nefesh What the FDA Gets Wrong About E-Cigarettes The Intelligence Committee’s Hearing On Russia Won’t Satisfy Democrats Features Editorial Cartoon – March 23, 2017 Ten Nutrition Mistakes Even Really Healthy People Make Breakfast, Fasting, Snacking: Heart Panel Weighs In on Top Meal-Timing Questions Great Granola Nichum Aveilim 25 Adar/March 23 This Day In History 25 Adar/March 23 Nichum Aveilim 24 Adar/March 22 This Day In History 24 Adar/March 22 Beware the Ice of March Sudoku – March 22, 2017 Get Moving The Odd Side – March 21, 2017 This Day In History 23 Adar/March 21 World of Wonder – March 21, 2017 Weather » Brooklyn 28°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,821.64 +27.82 (+0.48%) S&P 500 2,348.45 +4.43 (+0.19%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9264 GBP 0.8015 ILS 3.6440 CHF 0.9917 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China's trading partners alarmed by food import controls By Associated Press Published: 20:19 EDT, 19 March 2017 | Updated: 20:19 EDT, 19 March 2017 e-mail BEIJING (AP) - China's trading partners are bringing the top U.N. food standards official to Beijing in a last-ditch attempt to persuade regulators to scale back plans to require intensive inspections of food imports - including such low-risk items as wine and chocolate - that Washington and Europe say could disrupt billions of dollars in commerce. The rule could inflame tensions with the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump, who has promised to raise tariffs on imports from China, and the European Union. Under the rule, due to take effect as early as October, each consignment of food would require a certificate from a foreign inspector confirming it meets Chinese quality standards. Other countries require such inspections only for meat, dairy and other perishable items. In this Tuesday, March 14, 2017 photo, a man looks at imported wines on display for sale near the imported cookies and nuts, at Walmart in Beijing. China's trading partners are bringing the top U.N. food standards official to Beijing in a last-ditch attempt to persuade regulators to scale back plans for intensive inspections of food imports - including such low-risk items as wine and chocolate - that Washington and Europe say could disrupt billions of dollars in trade. (AP Photo/Andy Wong) That alarms suppliers that see China as a growing market for American fruit juice and snack foods, French wine, German chocolate, Italian pasta and Australian orange juice. They complain Beijing already uses safety rules in ways that hamper access for beef and other goods in violation of its market-opening commitments. "It could bring down food imports quite dramatically," said the German ambassador to Beijing, Michael Clauss. "It often seems it is more about protecting Chinese producers than about food safety." The requirement would add "unnecessary regulatory complexity" at a time when Beijing has promised to reduce regulation, Jake Parker, vice president of China operations for the U.S.-China Business Council, said in an email. Chinese regulators say closer scrutiny is needed as food imports increase. They say they are willing to consider suggestions about alternatives, but foreign officials say they have yet to make any changes. China contends the inspections requirement is supported by the Codex Alimentarius, the "Food Code" of the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization and World Health Organization, according to a person familiar with the discussions. The Codex sets quality standards but other nations say it recommends certificates only for risky products. The president of the Codex council, Awilo Ochieng Pernet, a Swiss lawyer, will attend an April 6 seminar with Chinese officials in Beijing to explain its standards, according to that person, who asked not to be identified further. Participants plan to propose alternatives such as giving Beijing access to electronic records to track sources of shipments. Ambassadors from the United States and another government expressed concern in a letter in January to Wang Yang, a deputy premier who oversees farming and commerce. Officials of the United States, the EU, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, Argentina, Chile and other governments sent a similar letter to the Chinese product quality agency, the General Administration for Quality Inspection, Supervision and Quarantine, known as AQSIQ. EU officials believe requiring health certificates for all products "is not scientifically justified," the EU mission in Beijing said in a statement. The rules would be a burden on foreign suppliers and "a waste of the precious control resources" that should focus on risky products, it said. The rules follow an avalanche of scandals over Chinese suppliers caught selling tainted milk and other shoddy or counterfeit food products. Western officials say the proposed food rules appear meant to shift responsibility away from AQSIQ, which Chinese consumers often blame for safety failures . In a written statement, AQSIQ told The Associated Press it is talking with more than 30 exporting countries and regions including the European Union, the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Japan. The agency said it welcomes suggestions of "alternative solutions." The measures are aimed at "promoting the international co-governance of food safety," the agency said. It said that would improve regulators' ability to trace imported food and block counterfeits. "We have to assess the food management of areas abroad that export food to China to ensure the food safety of our country," the minister in charge of AQSIQ, Zhi Shuping, said at a March 14 news conference. Zhi did not refer directly to the inspection requirement but said his agency's activities are "in line with international practice." Beijing already is at odds with the U.S. and Europe over low-priced exports of steel and aluminum they say are hurting foreign competitors. In the Trump administration's first trade complaint, a group for American aluminum producers asked March 9 for higher import duties on Chinese-made aluminum foil to counter what it said were improper subsidies. Clauss, the German ambassador, said the rules should be submitted for WTO review - a step that AQSIQ said in its written statement it will take. "We don't see that they really are trying to compromise on this so far," said Clauss. "To our knowledge, this doesn't exist anywhere else in the world." ___ General Administration for Quality Inspection, Supervision and Quarantine: www.aqsiq.gov.cn Codex Alimentarius: www.fao.org/fao-who-codexalimentarius In this Tuesday, March 14, 2017 photo, a woman walks by a section selling imported foods and beverages at Walmart in Beijing. China's trading partners are bringing the top U.N. food standards official to Beijing in a last-ditch attempt to persuade regulators to scale back plans for intensive inspections of food imports - including such low-risk items as wine and chocolate - that Washington and Europe say could disrupt billions of dollars in trade. (AP Photo/Andy Wong) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'All I want to do is be at home with my family': Adele dedicates Make You Feel My Love to victims of London terror attack in emotional tribute from NZ TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in sizzling black bikini as she chills out on sun-drenched getaway  'Hello, a**hole': Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbery flashback triggered by Kanye West coming home late Had a candid chat with her family 'You are so brave': Holly Willoughby breaks down as she interviews Westminster terror attack hero who tried to save dying police officer 'Which one of us has aged best?' Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln lead the cast in first trailer for Love Actually 2... and recycle THOSE cue cards Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED No wonder she's jumping for joy! Millie Mackintosh flaunts her incredible figure in a skimpy bikini as she enjoys her FIFTH trip of the year in Dubai Big Brother star Lateysha Grace goes braless beneath entirely sheer mini while flashing her derriere in JUST a thong for magazine launch Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman step out in matching monochrome ensembles as they attend Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony 'I look really young so it's hard to get serious acting projects': Selena Gomez reveals struggle to distance herself from 'teen princess' roles 'They want to make sure the kids are OK': Estranged Mel B and Stephen Belafonte 'take the anger' out of divorce by 'attending family therapy with children' Feline fine: Devon Windsor wraps up in a leopard print coat as fellow model Anne V puts on an animated display at NY Rangers ice hockey game Tyga's busty ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby threatens to spill out of her negligee as she leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a thong and sheer dress 'Kettle and black spring to mind!': Lauren Goodger is branded a 'hypocrite' as she pleads with fans to stop using 'ugly' facial fillers  Doting mother Geri Horner looks radiant as she enjoys a brisk stroll in the sunshine with baby Monty Blissful time for the former Spice Girl 'Immature prank': Jordan Davies admits he 'still loves' ex-fiancée Megan McKenna... before revealing Scotty T was behind false confession Paris Jackson makes a bold statement in slogan T-shirt bearing names and numbers of every US senator as she steps out in New York Quick Turner-ound? TOWIE's Dan Edgar leaves club with mystery lingerie-flashing brunette... amid romance with co-star Amber  Pregnant Ciara goes make-up free as she shows off her blooming baby bump during date night with husband Russell Wilson Katie Price receives vile comments from trolls about son Harvey, 14, as she is targeted for 'insensitive' tweet about Westminster terror incident EXCLUSIVE 'I won't sleep with Jesse before the wedding': Cara Santana looks ahead to her big day... as she admits she's already found the perfect dress It's Queen Bey on the phone! Beyonce makes dream come true for teenager fighting rare cancer with surprise FaceTime call TOWIE's James Lock can't keep his hands off girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou as she parades her stunning figure in a red and gold bikini on Turkish holiday Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her best assets in plunging black dress with daring split slashed to her chest at racy magazine bash Looking Glee-ful! Lea Michele flaunts her perfectly tanned and toned pins in floral dress as she continues to film her new movie Jessica Cunningham packs on the PDA with a mystery man at magazine bash as she continues her hunt for Mr Right 'It's important she sees me at work': Scarlett Johansson takes a swipe at ex after claiming he was 'tired' of dragging their daughter to star's film sets Denise Van Outen debuts sleek ice blonde bob as she steps out in a chic khaki polka dot mini dress She always manages to look effortlessly glam 'I hope he doesn't lose that wild side': New Bake Off judge Prue Leith defends choice of Noel Fielding for C4 show, saying her children 'just adore him' 'How disappointing!' TOWIE fans slam 'pointless' plot twist as Chloe Lewis confesses to kissing Dan Edgar YEARS AGO in much-hyped 'bombshell' His own Material Girl! Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull wraps up in oversized hooded coat as they brave the cold in London  New romance? Tom Cruise, 54, 'has fallen for' his Mission: Impossible 6 co-star Vanessa Kirby, 28, who he cast after seeing her in The Crown 'She looks like an absolute mug': EOTB's Nicole Bass flashes abs at glitzy bash with love-rat beau Jacques Fraser... as fans BLAST post-cheating reunion 'It might seem wonderful with these beautiful women but it's not!' The Bold and the Beautiful's Thorsten Kaye says TV sex scenes are 'awkward' The Big Bucks Theory! Kaley Cuoco among stars primed to make $139 million-plus in 12 seasons of CBS sitcom CBS earlier this week renewed the comedy SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt will become ENGAGED to Nathan Curtis as controversial Corrie grooming storyline takes a dramatic turn Unmasked! Sia, 41, looks youthful and confident without her trademark wig at LAX after filing for divorce from husband Erik Anders Lang Going green! Khloe Kardashian embraces a mermaid chic look as she flaunts her cleavage in low-cut jade bodycon dress for new photoshoot 'She's so silly': Blac Chyna posts adorable video of Dream blowing bubbles amid ongoing custody battle with her ex-fiance Rob Kardashian What was she inking? Holly Hagan undergoes tattoo removal procedure to erase gigantic design of her boyfriend Kyle Christie's FACE What a difference a day makes! Kesha glams up in sexy mini as she prepares to travel in style... after looking unrecognisable during makeup-free workout Sofia Richie, 18, dresses down as she steps out for lunch... after fuelling romance rumours with Lewis Hamilton, 32, as they like each other's selfies Suki Waterhouse sports pink pigtails as she leaves her trailer... before getting into character in raunchy two-piece on set of Assassination Nation Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off her ample bosom in plunging catsuit featuring cut-outs as she parties up a storm at mag launch bash 'I would trade my Range Rover and Cartier for a boyfriend and a baby': Gemma Collins sobs during visit to fertility clinic to freeze her eggs on TOWIE Shout out to my pecs! Jesy Nelson's boyfriend Chris Clark and Myles Barnes strip off as they send TOWIE fans wild with naked scenes  What a drag! Bella Hadid puffs on a cigarette in all-white outfit during lunch break with brother Anwar in NYC Kendall Jenner and sidekick Hailey Baldwin don jeans and T-shirts as they meet up with singer Justine Skye Models off duty 'I've felt f***ing better!' Stephen Belafonte delivers expletive-laden verdict on Mel B divorce as he 'drowns sorrows with vodka' at jointly-owned restaurant Low-key love? Make-up free Hailey Baldwin grabs lunch with Cameron Dallas amid dating rumors at Urth Caffé in LA Natural Fans gush over James Argent's trimmer physique as he continues extended stay at Thai rehab after 'seeking help for weight and partying' Mercedes Bent! Jude Law looks fraught as he crashes his beloved vintage convertible into a cab whilst driving through London Came to screeching halt  Doing it all! Ellen Pompeo reveals she has a 'baby nurse' to help her with new five-month-old son while working 'long hours' 'I felt a really long way from home': James Corden offers up a touching tribute to London in wake of brutal terror attack 'I'm fat!': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry launches into epic rant about her weight battle and claims she 'deserves to be naturally skinny' Mili-ain't staying in place! Christina struggles to contain her ample assets in VERY daring gown as she turns blonde bombshell for film premiere Becky G brightens Power Rangers premiere in super chic lemon gown as it's revealed her character will be first gay superhero in film Rich, actually! As the cast of Love Actually reunite, experts reveal how much the homes from the romcom would be worth today (with Keira's abode increasing to £1.3m) Fit me baby one more time! Britney Spears models a selection of dresses as she celebrates return to Vegas residency A stone's 'fro away: Manchester United ace Marouane Fellaini puts his mansion on sale for £2.3million despite installing a private hair salon to keep his 'curls in winning condition Busty Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging sequinned dress to celebrate raunchy cover shoot for new magazine Sixty6 Giving her a big Kiss! Gene Simmons locks lips with wife Shannon as he attends Power Rangers premiere with daughter Shannon and son Nick Hot metal! Adriana Lima flashes flesh in gold fringed dress at Ocean Drive party in Miami Always one to turn heads at events A rare fashion misstep! Stylish Caitlyn Jenner suffers wardrobe malfunction as sheer top puts lingerie on display She is known for her  Daddy cool! Father-to-be George Clooney sports leather jacket as he cheerfully makes his way through LAX Happy time for the Hollywood star Heaven on earth! Demi Lovato looks angelic in white as she is honored at LA gala... hours after scoffing hackers who posted her sexy snaps online Mini Friends reunion! Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow match in black at the Open Mind Gala in Beverly Hills They played best Friends Elle Woods would approve! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in pink as she arrives in style for her 41st birthday party Jay Mohr asks court to monitor five-year-old son's visits with estranged wife Nikki Cox claiming she has 'mental health and drug problems' Josh Brolin is ruggedly casual as new wife Kathryn Boyd glams up in silky gown for fundraising gala in LA Newly-single Marnie Simpson hits the town in hoodie and suede thigh-boots... after admitting she has 'ruined' her looks with her surgery obsession Buxom beauty Olivia Buckland goes braless in a plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she puts on a sizzling display at magazine bash Red hot 'There's a piece of him in there': Jake Gyllenhaal took inspiration from his late surgeon grandfather for his role as a doctor in new movie Life Pantsuit nation! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin are suited and booted for season 3 screening of their Netflix show Grace And Frankie Brilliant in blue! Elizabeth Banks sparkles in plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Power Rangers premiere Simply stunning! Molly Sims, 43, shows off her post-baby body in stylish black dress with thigh-high slit at Power Rangers premiere The new Ashlee! Simpson debuts freshly dyed platinum blonde locks as she steps out of hair salon There was no missing the 32-year-old Jessica Chastain is elegant chic in LBD at screening of The Zookeeper's Wife held at the Holocaust Museum The actress cut a ladylike figure Flowers and Peet! Amanda comes out smelling of roses after donning stunning floral frock for Brockmire premiere Lean and leggy! Brooklyn Decker showcases svelte figure in long-sleeved black mini dress at Grace And Frankie season 3 premiere 'Found this little beauty': Rebel Wilson shares a childhood flashback photo after celebrating her 37th birthday being attacked by dogs Things are heating up! Star Trek Beyond actor John Cho joins Hulu's Difficult People as Billy Eichner's boyfriend Multi-episode arc Emma Roberts stuns in sheer purple dress as she shows off her darker locks for The Blackcoat's Daughter film screening in New York City He's emigrating! Shia LaBeouf forced to move his He Will Not Divide Us anti-Trump exhibit to Liverpool He Will Not Divide Us... but he might move us 'Some big news': Casey Wilson, 36, announces second pregnancy on her podcast Shared some amazing news with her fans  'My little Angel is gone': Wife of legendary pro wrestling announcer Jim Ross dies at 55 two days after moped crash Jan suffered 'a catastrophic brain injury Need a hand? Ashley Greene looks sporty in her gym gear as she lugs heavy groceries in Beverly Hills Twilight actress busy running errands She's bewitching! Vanessa Hudgens shines in blue jumpsuit at Bubble Witch 3 Saga event in New York City The 28-year-old actress bewitched in blue Beach babe! Ashley Graham flaunts her generous backside and side-boob in white swimsuit for sexy Miami photoshoot Peachy posterior Stimulating conversation! Rachel Riley can't control her giggles as Dictionary Corner finds a titillating and cheeky eight-letter word on Countdown New Great British Bake Off host Noel Fielding steps out with partner Lliana Bird... after Mary Berry revealed she's never heard of him Blac Chyna flashes her ample bosom and bare midriff in beaded bra as she posts sexy Instagram snap... amid custody battle rumors Sexy shoot Suge Knight is rushed to hospital from prison with 'life-threatening blood clots' as he awaits trial for murder The rap mogul, 50,is behind bars awaiting trial Mummy's little girl! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn Hoppy step out in chilly New York City hand in hand Bundled up warm Hopeless romantic Millie Mackintosh poses on a bed of rose petals after jetting all the way to Dubai to sweetly surprise boyfriend Hugo Taylor Sam Faiers peeps beneath a HUGE faux fur hood on organic food shop in Essex... after saying she's 'LESS self-conscious about her post-baby body' Chloe Goodman flaunts her slim figure in dramatic pink ensemble as she joins lookalike sister Lauryn at magazine launch Sister act No socks Cox! Courteney goes hosiery free as she steps out in trendy leather loafers and clingy sweater in LA Dressed for the sunnier weather Sim-ply boho! Molly sports printed dress and fur vest as she arrives at the Bel-Air hotel She welcomed a son this past January PIC EXCLUSIVE: Mel B ditches her wedding ring after filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte... amid claims mum Angela is hoping to mend family feud  Jennifer Garner looks cute in pigtails as she smiles brightly on set of new movie shooting in Atlanta Golden Globe-winning Alias actress Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming baby bump in a fringed black bikini as she poses up a storm in the pool  'Bunny boiler alert!' TOWIE fans brand Courtney Green 'crazy' and 'psycho' as she sets rules for boyfriend Myles Barnett Fan reaction Make-up free Coleen Rooney braves the rain in a fur-lined coat and form-fitting jeans... as she gushes over youngest son Kit, one, learning to walk Beauty and the bank! Emma Watson s set to supersede Jennifer Lawrence as highest paid actress... making $15m from her current Disney hit ALONE 'She endangered Courtney's life being wreckless': Ruby Rose reveals reason she broke up with ex Harley Gusman as actress shares tribute to pal 'Very, very scary': MIC star Georgia Toffolo live-tweets 'London in lock-down' as she is held inside House Of Lords for eight hours during terror scare Sporty chic! Khloe Kardashian highlights extremely svelte physique in plunging black velvet outfit as she steps out in style Bodycon Ashley James displays her enviable curves in a nude bodysuit and see-through crochet dress as she takes to the DJ decks at launch party Slipping through the net: TOWIE's Frankie Essex continues to flaunt her newly svelte physique as she dons a daring black fishnet dress at magazine bash 'It's the best medicine I could ever have!' Sharon Osbourne gets a standing ovation as she returns to The Talk after back surgery Speaking out Daisy Lowe looks leggy in thigh-grazing minidress to join the fashion elite for style exhibition at luxury estate Chatsworth House Selena Gomez flashes her midriff in burnt orange crop top and high-rise denim as she meets a pal for lunch at Soho House in Malibu Glamorous Pretty as a petal! Mad Men starlet Kiernan Shipka dazzles in colorful flower-themed gown with sweetheart neckline at film premiere Katie Piper is the picture of health as she returns to work in London in a chic yet casual ensemble... one week after worrying hospital dash They don't like her when she's angry! Guardians Of The Galaxy star Zoe Saldana says her twin boys call her 'mummy Hulk' when she raises voice David Tennant cashes in on Doctor Who seven years on: Actor to be the main attraction at convention for fans in Washington Comeback 'I couldn't get out of bed': Rebekah Vardy details devastating post-natal depression battle... as she BREASTFEEDS live on TV 'Happy anniversary': Dustin Lance Black, 42, marks four years with fiancé Tom Daley, 22... after Olympian was accused of 'affair with male model' Makeup-free Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt and leggings for Pilates workout... as she loses latest round in fierce legal battle with Dr. Luke Well she's in the concrete jungle! Nicky Hilton bundles up in leopard print coat and ripped jeans for stroll through NY Wild thing 'Qualities you look for in the father of your child': Kate Beckinsale shares hilarious snap of former beau Michael Sheen cheekily baring his bottom 'It's tough': Victoria's Secret model Jessica Hart admits she wants pizza, pasta and burgers but has to resist due to strict diet Tough regime Little Mix stun on ANOTHER girls' night out without Jesy Nelson... as they joke that the loved-up star is 'preoccupied' with new beau Chris Clark 'She had this twinkle in her eye': Matt Damon recalls Zambian girl who reminded him of himself and Ben Affleck when they were teens EXCLUSIVE: 'I'd use tampons as butt plugs': BNTM's first transgender contestant makes VERY lewd joke in 'disastrous' new campaign challenge Stephen Belafonte spotted getting close to mystery Mel B lookalike in wake of divorce... as he visits LA liquor store after failed bid to visit estranged wife    Another vacation! Paris Hilton, 36, and boyfriend Chris Zylka, 31, keep a firm grip on each other while jetting off to Miami Hand-in-hand Fallen in love with Parisi? Kelly Brook shows off her curves in Breton stripes and a boucle jacket for TV stint in her French beau Jeremy's native country 'I found it awful and weird': Carey Mulligan admits she used to be a nervous wreck after red carpet events and hated her body being under scrutiny 'Mad respect': Zac Efron says walking in heels while dressed in drag was the toughest part of shooting Baywatch Drag act Khloe Kardashian flashes chest as she quotes Alicia Silverstone's Clueless character about feeling like a 'heifer' after eating 'M&Ms and licorice' Jerry Hall got Jagger off drugs by telling him they'd ruin his looks! Royal socialite whose husband managed the Rolling Stones' money reveals all  Fitness buff Lucy Mecklenburgh exhibits taut abs in scanty exercise gear... as she breaks a sweat during al fresco workout in Spanish sun Lea Michele legs it around set of sitcom pilot in flirty dress and bright teal jacket (while an assistant carries her umbrella)  Helping hand Model Eliza Cummings teases a hint of cleavage in a peekaboo dress while Lady Mary Charteris goes braless under sheer top at star-studded fashion bash 'I was so relieved that I started laughing': La La Land's Ryan Gosling shares new details about his giggle-fit during Oscars flub Joker Chrissy Teigen wears plunging leopard print swimsuit and glows with pride while posing cute cub Luna on last day of Moroccan vacation Sweet snaps Pop princess Jojo flashes lots of leg in sparkly gown with double slits during raunchy performance in Florida Comeback queen The Young And The Restless lead Daytime Emmy awards with 25 nominations beating The Bold and the Beautiful, General Hospital and Days of Our Lives Perfect casting! Chris Brown set to guest star on ABC sitcom Black-ish.... and he's playing a rapper Plays a character named Rich Youngsta EXCLUSIVE: Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth planning a family? Builders start work on a playground and a CRECHE at the couple's Malibu ranch Need a coffee? Alec Baldwin looks a little bleary-eyed as he steps out with smiling wife Hilaria sipping on a caffeine fix Coffee date 'They called me Blubber. I wasn't the prettiest!' Kate Winslet gives inspiring speech about fighting off 'body bullies' and refusing to settle for 'fat girl parts' Nicolas Cage's son Weston visits lawyer's office with his mother in Beverly Hills amid DUI troubles Fallout of his car chase last month Ben McKenzie gets caught up in action-packed shootout as he films action-packed scene for Gotham in New York  On set Spot on! Janelle Monáe turns heads in a seriously funky polka dot coat as she jets out of LA in black-and-white look Quirky Grace Kelly's granddaughter Charlotte Casiraghi sparks up a relationship with French film producer, just months after split from Italian filmmaker Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters World Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Bill Gates is again world’s richest person, as Trump’s fortune takes a big tumble  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Hong Kong weather Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›World Bill Gates is again world’s richest person, as Trump’s fortune takes a big tumble PUBLISHED : Tuesday, 21 March, 2017, 8:57am UPDATED : Tuesday, 21 March, 2017, 8:57am Comments:   Agence France-Presse Share PrintEmail Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates once again topped the Forbes magazine list of the world’s richest billionaires, while US President Donald Trump slipped more than 200 spots, the magazine said Monday. Gates, whose wealth is estimated at US$86 billion, led the list for the fourth straight year. He was followed by Berkshire Hathaway chief Warren Buffett among the top 10 billionaires, a group heavily dominated by Americans, many of whom work in the technology sector. Buffett’s wealth was estimated at US$75.6 billion. Others in the top 10 included Amazon founder Jeff Bezos at number three, Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg at number five and Oracle co-founder Larry Ellision at number seven. The global billionaire population jumped 13 per cent from last year to 2,043, the biggest annual increase in the 31 years since the magazine began compiling the list, Forbes said. The US led countries with the most billionaires with 565, a product of the swelling value of the American stock market since Trump’s November 2016 election. China was second with 319 billionaires, and Germany was third with 114. Trump himself slipped 220 spots on the list to number 544 with an estimated US$3.5 billion, down by about US$1 billion. Forbes attributed Trump’s drop to sluggishness in the Manhattan real estate market which is responsible for a disproportionate amount of his wealth. “Forty per cent of Donald Trump’s fortune is tied up in Trump Tower and eight buildings within one mile of it,” Forbes said. “Lately, the neighbourhood has been struggling (relatively speaking).” Among others in the Forbes top 10, Amancio Ortega of Spanish apparel chain Zara was fourth, Mexican telecom tycoon Carlos Slim was sixth, the Koch brothers, Charles and David, were eighth and ninth and former New York City mayor and Bloomberg News founder Michael Bloomberg was 10th. The highest ranking woman on the list was L’Oreal cosmetics shareholder Liliane Bettencourt, who was 14th with US$39.5 billion. The only other woman in the top 20 was Alice Walton, only daughter of Wal-Mart Stores founder Sam Walton. Overall, there were 227 women billionaires, the majority of whom inherited their wealth. But the list also contained 15 new “self-made” women, mostly from Asian countries, including Vietnam’s Nguyen Thi Phuong Thao of budget airline VietJet air. Wang Jianlin was the richest Asian, in 18th place with a fortune of US$31.3 billion, followed by Hong Kong’s Li Ka-shing in 19th spot with US$31.2billion. Fellow Hong Kong property tycoon Lee Shau-kee was in 32nd place with US$24.4 billion. Among other luminaries on the list: Alibaba founder Jack Ma, whose group owns the South China Morning Post, was 23rd with US$28.3 billion; activist investor and Trump deregulation adviser Carl Icahn was 55th with US$16.6 billion; and fashion designer Giorgio Armani was tied for 215th with US$6.6 billion.   Most Popular Viewed 1 How China’s overseas property dream turned into a nightmare 2 Waste disposal charge will cost typical family HK$51 a month 3 The reason China won’t exert economic pressure on North Korea 4 China to disband over quarter of its army corps, sources say 5 Guess which country is the happiest in the world – and which is saddest Shared 1 How China’s overseas property dream turned into a nightmare 2 China to disband over quarter of its army corps, sources say 3 Guess which country is the happiest in the world – and which is saddest 4 Hong Kong in danger of losing status as aviation hub, Qantas chief warns 5 Plane diverted after passenger tries to break into cockpit Commented 1 Activist Ken Tsang ready to go to jail after dropping appeal 2 Does Hong Kong even care about the chief executive election? 3 How China’s overseas property dream turned into a nightmare 4 Pan-democrats pledge more than 290 votes for Tsang 5 Waste disposal charge will cost typical family HK$51 a month       You may also like Society Meet the 105-year-old Filipino who inspired a film 19 Mar 2017 - 7:03am Analytics help online retailers offer customers seamless experience In partnership with: Alibaba Cloud Society The Chinese stars grabbing global attention 19 Mar 2017 - 11:03am 1 Champion racehorse or movie star, the secret’s the same: Grasp the opportunity Presented by: The Hong Kong Jockey Club Film & TV Hong Kong internet millionaire Kim Dotcom’s life hits the big screen 18 Mar 2017 - 7:30am 3 Hong Kong Meet the hero Hong Kong police officer who became a global sensation 18 Mar 2017 - 2:25pm 61 Opinion The dark side to Trump and Xi’s summit in the sun 20 Mar 2017 - 4:44pm 19 Insight & Opinion Another election in Hong Kong, another five years of the same 19 Mar 2017 - 5:37pm 8 China A new SpaceX? China developing system for recycling space rockets 18 Mar 2017 - 1:34pm 1 Hong Kong Job cuts expected as Cathay Pacific aims to slash management costs 17 Mar 2017 - 11:42pm 62 China Xi-Trump summit ‘set for April at Florida resort’ 20 Mar 2017 - 4:45pm 20 Hong Kong Hong Kong pay TV sector hits stormy weather 16 Mar 2017 - 9:05pm 5 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
On Your Side: Money saving tips for parents raising a baby on a - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Call for Action Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Sign Up for Weather Alerts Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report On Your Side: Money saving tips for parents raising a baby on a budget 2017-03-20T23:50:53Z2017-03-21T01:24:55Z By Joshua Gauntt, Reporter BioEmail Connect Biography jgauntt@wbrc.com Follow @joshg_TV Source: Josh Gauntt/WBRC BIRMINGHAM, AL (WBRC) - Raising kids is expensive. It could cost up to $14,000 a year. Are you ready for that? We're On Your Side asking an expert mom how to save money. Korliss Datcher is a busy mother of two. Her 5-year-old son Zachary and 4-year-old daughter Zoe keep her on her toes most of the time. Raising kids can be a daunting task for new parents. "When it comes to saving money, don't overdo it within the first couple of years of life with buying things and wanting baby to have the nicest toys and clothes,” Datcher said. For a middle income, married couple with two kids, it can cost between $12-14,000 a year to raise a child. That’s according to new numbers released by the Department of Agriculture. Through age 17, parents can expect to shell out over $200,000. Through the years, Korliss has found a number of ways to save money. A big tip is on clothes. She buys during the off season. "My children tend to grow about a size bigger per year. So we'll go up a size. We'll buy summer clothes during the winter or fall and vice versa. The winter clothes will buy in the summer. Many of the department stores will have clothing sometimes up to 80 percent off,” Datcher said. She also buys and sells from consignment shops. "I'll sell a few of their items whether it's old toys, car seats, strollers, clothes. The money I get from that goes into our vacation fund,” Datcher said. Another tip, look for furniture and accessories that do double duty. We found a changing table/dresser for about $90 at Walmart and a highchair which doubles as a booster seat and then regular chair for $100. Of course, food can be very costly too. Korliss says take advantage of restaurants that offer free meals to kids. "I know there is one that actually has kids eat free everyday as long as the adult purchases an entrée,” Datcher said. Take advantage of those restaurant apps as well. "You can save money by using those apps, sometimes by checking in or just opening up the app. Once you arrive to the location they'll present a coupon,” Datcher said. If you are able, put a little money into savings. Korliss has it taken out of her paycheck. "With children, that's probably the best thing to do, and really with any savings if you've got kids or not. The best thing to do is have that money taken straight out of your account before you even see it and that way you don't know it’s gone and you can figure how to budget from what actually hits your account on pay day,” Datcher added. Datcher says the first year of parenting can make people a little anxious. She says just go with the flow. "Saving a little bit of money can help in the long run,” Datcher said. Korliss knows her stuff. She's on a Disney mom panel that offers money-saving tips to families travelling to see Mickey and company. Copyright 2017 WBRC. All rights reserved. NewsMore>> UAB monitoring Norovirus cluster in Jefferson Tower UAB monitoring Norovirus cluster in Jefferson Tower Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:52 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:52:59 GMT Dozens of patients in a single unit within UAB’s Jefferson Tower may have contracted Norovirus according to a hospital spokesperson. More >> Dozens of patients in a single unit within UAB’s Jefferson Tower may have contracted Norovirus according to a hospital spokesperson. More >> Mickey: Cloudy, with comfortable temperatures today Mickey: Cloudy, with comfortable temperatures today Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 6:23 AM EDT2017-03-23 10:23:41 GMT (Source: WBRC Weather) Look for the weather to be about the same today and for Friday. More >> Look for the weather to be about the same today and for Friday.More >> News Car crashes into home on Red Hollow Road Car crashes into home on Red Hollow Road Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 11:56 PM EDT2017-03-23 03:56:20 GMT  A car crashed into a home in the Center Point area  Wednesday night.More >>  A car crashed into a home in the Center Point area  Wednesday night.More >> News Stillman College could close its doors if debt crisis isn't resolved Stillman College could close its doors if debt crisis isn't resolved Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 11:31 PM EDT2017-03-23 03:31:15 GMT Source: WBRC video   Tuscaloosa’s Stillman College is dealing with a financial crisis that could possibly close its doors. More >>   Tuscaloosa’s Stillman College is dealing with a financial crisis that could possibly close its doors.More >> ON YOUR SIDE INVESTIGATORS: Daycare operators behind staph outbreak still in business On Your Side Investigators: Daycare Dangers Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 11:16 PM EDT2017-03-23 03:16:13 GMT This video obtained by WBRC On Your Side Investigators gives us a look at the chaotic scene inside a Montgomery hospital after nearly 100 children became violently ill at a daycare.  The video was taken by a parent after bringing her sick child to the emergency room at Baptist Medical Center South in Montgomery. It shows children on gurneys who appear listless, hooked up to IVs as hospital staff clamor to treat them.  The incident happened June 23, 2015 when there were 323... More >> This video obtained by WBRC On Your Side Investigators gives us a look at the chaotic scene inside a Montgomery hospital after nearly 100 children became violently ill at a daycare.  The video was taken by a parent after bringing her sick child to the emergency room at Baptist Medical Center South in Montgomery. It shows children on gurneys who appear listless, hooked up to IVs as hospital staff clamor to treat them.  The incident happened June 23, 2015 when there were 323...More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Brother of Teen Allegedly Kidnapped By Teacher: 'I Do Believe He Has Some Control Over Her' Inside Edition March 20, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The brother of the missing teen who vanished with her 50-year-old teacher is speaking out. Read: Girl, 15, Allegedly Kidnapped By Her Teacher Shared Instagram Post: 'Every Beauty Needs Her Beast' On the morning of her disappearance with teacher Tad Cummins, Beth Thomas posted a troubling remark on Instagram that featured Belle and the Beast, from "Beauty and the Beast," that read: “Every beauty needs her beast to protect her from everything but him.” Her older brother, James, told Inside Edition his 15-year-old sister is a big fan of Disney princess films. “She has always been into Disney princesses and "Beauty and the Beast" just came out,” he said. “I do believe he has some control over her. Prior to the pair's disappearance, another student at the school outside Nashville reported walking in on the two kissing, but it was another week before the school authorities suspended the teacher. On Monday afternoon, the Tennessee Bureu of Investigation released the last known photo of Thomas, with information on how to help in her search. NEW PICTURE: Here's the last known photograph of Elizabeth Thomas prior to her alleged kidnapping. Spot her? 1-800-TBI-FIND! #TNAMBERAlert pic.twitter.com/5hInjYHU5d — TBI (@TBInvestigation) March 20, 2017 The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation have issued an Amber Alert for the missing teen and have posted new images of Cummins and Thomas inside a local WalMart days before the kidnapping.  VIDEO: Here's surveillance of AMBER Alert suspect Tad Cummins, days before disappearing with Elizabeth Thomas. https://t.co/j1fuc5VJWH — TBI (@TBInvestigation) March 20, 2017 MORE VIDEO: Here's a second clip of AMBER Alert suspect Tad Cummins. https://t.co/rnUJWNdx8l — TBI (@TBInvestigation) March 20, 2017 Surveillance video allegedly shows Cummins filling up his silver SUV at a gas station moments before meeting the student at a nearby diner in Columbia. They drove south to Decatur, Alabama, which is 70 miles away but since then the trail has gone cold. Police believe they may be headed for the Florida Panhandle. Cummins has at least $4,500 in cash after taking out a loan on his car. He also allegedly has two handguns. Read: Wife Pleads For Husband, 50, To Return 15-Year-Old He Allegedly Kidnapped As Search Continues An attorney for the girl's family says that, despite appearances, Beth Thomas may not have willingly gone with the health sciences teacher. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said Cummins was driving a silver Nissan Rogue with Tennessee tag 976-ZPT. They have also released a series of images on Twitter, urging anyone with information on their whereabouts to contact them. Your RT may just get this information in front of the one person who needs to see it. Help us spread this across the country! Thanks! pic.twitter.com/c5jI8ER816 — TBI (@TBInvestigation) March 17, 2017 Watch: After Woman's Daring Escape From Captor, How to Get Out If You're Trapped in a Car's Trunk Related Articles: Animal Shelter Wants Elderly Dog to Get Adopted Before He Dies of Kidney Failure Woman With Down Syndrome Makes Television Debut as Meteorologist Girl Snaps Eerie Photo of 'Ghost Man' Standing Next to Her Brother Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Donald Trump Jr sparks storm over terror comments made by London Mayor Sadiq Khan 2300 messages4%61%35% The Wraith Black Badge sets a new standard for Rolls-Royce 6 messages0%75%25% London terror attack: Watch the moment three shots were fired after attacker stabbed police officer 2482 messages5%66%29% Attack outside the Houses of Parliament in London 336 messages5%69%26% Intelligence committee chair reignites wiretapping scandal 13 messages0%67%33% Texas Teacher, 27, Accused of Improper Relationship with 17-Year-Old Male Student 1948 messages7%74%19% Sophie Simmons Calls Katey Sagal ‘Low’ for Revealing Dad Gene’s Affair 2426 messages3%82%15% 'GMA' Deals and Steals on must-have beauty products 1 messages0%50%50% Photos of the day - March 22, 2017 22 messages3%81%16% Now you can use Facebook Livestream from your desktop Aaron Rodgers' Green Bay house is for sale, and you might even be able to afford it! 173 messages5%82%13% 8 arrested over 'sick' terror attack in London that killed 4, including attacker 1193 messages3%69%28% Val Kilmer’s Twitter Feed Is a Hidden Gem of Bizarre, Star-Studded Stories 116 messages14%72%14% Drones all around — Unmanned aircraft take on various roles 124 messages2%77%21% A new twist on the classic 'Wizard of Oz' tale 3 messages0%50%50% A teen made a website where kittens punch Trump. So, Trump unleashed his lawyers. 8067 messages5%59%36% Starbucks investor booed while questioning decision to hire 10,000 refugees Steve: So Starbucks discriminates. Nice knowing they dislike American's. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 368
THU, MAR 23, 2017 | -10 °C Clear Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 41 minutes ago Border agent took two sisters aside and sexually molested them, lawsuit claims The Guatemalan sisters had managed to reach the Texas border by bus last... Latest News SEE MORE 50 kids on school bus escape serious injury in collision in Rodney, Ont. ‘Hoax’: Texas teen made up widely publicized story of being kidnapped, raped by 3 black men, police say In rare interview, Bob Dylan dares to look back Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 13 hours ago Liberals pledge $11.2B to affordable housing Liberal budget details $11.2B in affordable housing, plus push for private... Latest Business News SEE MORE Cause unknown for B.C. oyster farm illness Budget offers modern workforce blueprint Budget 2017: get ready for a changing world Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 2 hours ago US routs Puerto Rico 8-0 to win WBC behind dominant Stroman US routs Puerto Rico 8-0 to win WBC behind dominant Stroman Latest Sports News SEE MORE Croatia PM appeals for no hooliganism at Ukraine game In national team, Pique and Ramos back to being friends 3 Grenoble rugby players in custody over rape accusations Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 20 minutes ago Cara Santana explains Jesse Metcalfe sex ban Actress Cara Santana has revealed she won't sleep with Jesse Metcalfe until... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Scarlett Johansson wants her daughter to always see an 'independent woman' Demi Lovato's 'life depends' on staying sober Rob Kardashian 'can't wait' for Dream's first word Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 9 hours ago March 23 editorial cartoon Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump, Twitter and Fake News. Cartoon-Feb. 9 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Mar 22, 2017 NADLER: It’s true: pigs can’t fly Nell Spies sits on an immaculate blue heather couch, feet tucked under her,... Latest Stories SEE MORE Academics look for logic in this post-truth era I am a Canadian- Newspapers In Education Serial Story Researchers raise wasps to kill emerald ash borer Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 9 hours ago Doulas deliver support It was 5:30 on a brisk winter’s morning when Lyndsay Gabriel awoke to the... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Butterbeer ice cream hitting shelves for Harry Potter fans Thursday, March 23: Your daily horoscope Dear Ellie: Readers say run, don’t walk, from liar Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 56% at Gino's Pizza discount: 56% | value: $22.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 8 Days Commercial air duct cleaning in Kitchener Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 56% at Gino's Pizza discount: 56% | value: $22.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 8 Days Building a solid foundation with your contractor will help your redecorating vision come true Home News Local Guelph personal trainer threatened to slit... | Mar 20, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Guelph personal trainer threatened to slit Kitchener business owner’s throat Court Rod Frketich,Record staff file photo Jeff Guanzon, 31, of Guelph, pleaded guilty in Kitchener court to a string of crimes; robbery, fraud under $5,000, breaking court orders and refusing to give a breath sample. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Gordon Paul KITCHENER — A personal trainer with a dark side threatened to slit a business owner's throat and burn down his store, court heard on Monday. Jeff Guanzon, 31, of Guelph, pleaded guilty in Kitchener court to a string of crimes; robbery, fraud under $5,000, breaking court orders and refusing to give a breath sample. "There are two different Mr. Guanzons," his defence lawyer, Ranney Hintsa, told court. One is the man who behaves professionally when working as a personal trainer, she said. The other is the man who turns to crime when he's angry. He has a long criminal record. "Mr. Guanzon, of course, has to decide which Mr. Guanzon he wants to be permanently," Hintsa said. Guanzon has taken a business management course at Conestoga College and hopes to open a business in St. Jacobs. He has previously worked as a personal trainer in Guelph. On July 28, 2016, at 12:54 p.m., he entered the Mac Repair Man store on King Street East in Kitchener, court was told. He accused the owner of tampering with a computer he had dropped off for repairs and demanded he hand over two computers. The owner, who was in the store with his wife, initially did not comply and asked Guanzon to let his wife leave. Guanzon refused. "If you call the police, I will slit your throat and slit hers," Guanzon told him. When the owner gave Guanzon a laptop, he left, saying, "If you call the cops I will burn down the store." Police failed to track him down. A 5:57 a.m. on Jan. 1 of this year, Guanzon was driving on Franklin Boulevard in Cambridge. His car was weaving. An off-duty police officer was driving behind him. When Guanzon pulled over into a parking lot, the officer approached. Guanzon smelled of alcohol and his speech was slurred. It turned out he was a suspended driver. He refused to give a breath sample. In his car, police found empty beer cans, a black air gun that resembled a police-issue Glock pistol, five .22-calibre bullets, several knives, three expandable batons, binoculars, a small amount of crystal methamphetamine and debt lists. At the time, he was on probation and under a 10-year ammunition ban and five-year weapons ban. On Nov. 22, 2015, he defrauded the Walmart on Pinebush Road in Cambridge. He grabbed a bar stool from the store and pretended he had bought it. He took it to customer service and got a refund on his "purchase." A loss prevention officer approached him as he left the store, but Guanzon got away. The defence and prosecution jointly sought a jail sentence of seven and a half months, which Justice Pamela Borghesan called "very low." She said she wouldn't have been surprised if the prosecution had asked for double or triple that amount of time, saying the computer shop robbery must have terrified the owner and his wife. The judge agreed to the joint recommendation. There were "triable issues" in the case, including a question of whether the search of Guanzon's car was legal. The judge said Guanzon has a lot going in his favour. He is very articulate and has supportive parents. "You have great potential," Borghesan said. "There's time to live up to that full potential and put all this behind you." With enhanced credit for pretrial custody, Guanzon has another three months to serve. Borghesan said she hopes two years of probation will help get him on the right path. He was ordered to give a DNA sample, handed a one-year driving ban and faces a lifetime ban on possessing prohibited weapons. gpaul@therecord.com , Twitter: @GPaulRecord Gordon Paul can be reached via Twitter @GPaulRecord | Latest News Local Kitchener ‘monster’ loses parole bid Snapshot Canada Feds see slimmer deficits in budget that makes ‘big bets’ on high-growth sectors Snapshot Local Joseph dropped in Schneider Haus rebrand Snapshot Local In wake of suicides, Waterloo universities focus on student wellness The University of Waterloo says it has reached out to students in one of its residence buildings to... Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos News St. Patrick's Day on Ezra Avenue News Shooting ArtsEntertainment PHOTOS: Grammy Awards red carpet Video Re-Enactment Video The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Student dies in residence at University of Waterloo 14-year-old girl put into prostitution at Kitchener hotel, court told Kitchener moves ahead with shopping cart bylaw St. Catharines homicide suspect Justin Kuijer arrested ‘Skyscraper curse’ claims new victim in Lotte’s $4-billion tower In Your Neighbourhood Today Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... Extend the life of your Element Hair tape-in extensions You may know that Element Hair Studio is Waterloo's choice for world-class hair care, but did you... The perfect recipe for a family gathering Anniversaries tend to bring people together, especially when it's a big milestone — and Catelli... How do professional repair technicians protect their hands? Your hands are some of the most important tools that you have, and with Cambridge’s Bolt and Nut... Cosmetic dentistry can give you the smile you’ve always wanted Dr. A. Reddy and her team of dental professionals at King Street Dental Centre of Waterloo can... Creating unique spaces in a studio apartment without creating big expenses Small living spaces do not mean you can't create multiple rooms that exist on their own. You can... Take control of your farm wealth Today’s most profitable farmers have discovered that hard work, on its own, does not guarantee... What to look for when choosing an RV unit Sauder’s Camping and Truck Accessories in St. Jacob’s, Ontario, is a family-owned business into its... Be chair aware when designing your apartment living space So, you're looking to make the best use of space in your rental apartment unit and also create a... Destinations to enjoy and lodge at during Canada's 150th anniversary celebrations It's not every year that a country celebrates a huge milestone like turning 150 years old. To mark... The pool: Your secret weapon for getting in shape The W.G. Johnson Centre in Cambridge is a popular recreation centre and fitness facility. It offers... Local lender skates into the new year with fun family event The Valko Team of Dominion Lending Centres in Kitchener, Ontario, knows that January and ice go... Automotive climate control: The key to driving comfort Morrison Automotive in Cambridge specializes in complete automotive repair services for all makes... Open your mind and floor space with multi-purpose furniture So, you’ve moved into a rather small, but cute apartment and you want to make it feel like home.... The history behind Heidelberg’s Country Pantry Country Pantry in Heidelberg is a charming country store with a unique backstory. It represents the... Budget Windows & Doors Budget Windows & Doors in Kitchener can help you replace your old windows and doors with new, high... Add video surveillance and two-way communication to your security system Your home or business may already be equipped with an alarm system, but for enhanced protection,... Good RV towing packages are important for both enjoyment and safety Sauder’s Camping and Truck Accessories in St. Jacob’s, Ontario, has been providing excellent... Account allocation is key within a successful investment portfolio Everyone knows they should save for a better future, but how much you'll actually get out of your... A seamless eavestrough system will protect your roof, foundation Rainbow Eavestroughing in Kitchener can install a new aluminum eavestrough system that will provide... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal Up to 50% off Food and Drink Show Tickets $7 View Deal Globetrotters Tickets in Kitchener $49 View Deal Up to 50% off Admission to the KW Pet Expo $6 View Deal 68% off PGA Golf Simulator $29 View Deal 60% off a Furnace Maintenance Package $59 View Deal Batting Cage Tokens $10 View Deal View All Deals MORE LOCAL Siskins and Dutchmen fall in Jr. B playoff games Joseph dropped in Schneider Haus rebrand Kitchener in the black for second year running In wake of suicides, Waterloo universities focus on student wellness Kitchener hopes to save big with switch to e-bills PreviousNext Switch schools or lose buses: Waterloo Region public board forces hard choice on French immersion Kitchener women’s shelter restricting day access to clients The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Clark Talks: Podcast discusses dangers to kids online Washington to consider Oregon’s Columbia River salmon reforms Guide fined for cutting fins off wild coho Researchers: Columbia spring chinook forecast might be too high Columbia River fishing report 3/23 Workers needed for Cape Horn trail Gifford Pinchot National Forest snow report 3/23 Weather Eye: Rain, ‘March mudness’ not letting up yet State of City address scheduled for March 30 C-Tran board approves land buy near its headquarters Landslide unstable; Highway 503 span closed through spring State Highway 503 at the northeast end of Lake Merwin will remain closed through the spring due to an active… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Washington to consider Oregon’s Columbia River salmon reforms Guide fined for cutting fins off wild coho Researchers: Columbia spring chinook forecast might be too high Columbia River fishing report 3/23 Workers needed for Cape Horn trail Gifford Pinchot National Forest snow report 3/23 Prep Baseball: Strong senior class has B.G. thinking big Humble Hot Prospect: Isaiah Smith not letting pro forecasts get to his head High school scoreboard, March 23 Oberg steps down as Washougal basketball coach Humble Hot Prospect: Isaiah Smith not letting pro forecasts get to his head BATTLE GROUND — Baseball America, which prides itself on covering America’s pastime at just about every level, has named a… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Local roasting company Relevant Coffee opens cafe in Uptown Village Lessons from Yahoo hack: Simple tips to safeguard your email Nike declines; sales slowdown scrutinized Airlines expect March, April to set records Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too Sears: ‘Substantial doubt’ about future Washington unemployment rate drops to 4.9 percent Push to sow wildflowers backfires, brings criticism to General Mills Singletary: Personal testament to value of Medicaid General Mills sales drop faster than expected Nike declines; sales slowdown scrutinized Nike dropped in early trading after third-quarter sales missed estimates, giving fuel to critics who say it’s losing ground to… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Pack rats, minimalists find peace Snowdrops, snowflakes cool for gardens Deaf students thrill to vibrations of whales Weeds, meet your new worst enemy: Black tarps Energy Adviser: Soil content critical for native plants Faux can be friend, not foe Controlling weeds starts with the seeds Researcher says when planet gets hot, animals get smaller Butterbeer ice cream hitting shelves for Harry Potter fans Affordable housing projects dot 1-mile stretch of Fourth Plain Snowdrops, snowflakes cool for gardens This warm winter has not only confused plants into bearing flowers way ahead of normal, it has been troublesome for… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Sunshine Worth Price Parker: Gorsuch nomination Trump’s most redeeming act Letter: Choose light over deception Letter: News must be fake, right? Letter: Nothing wrong with being average Letter: No need to spend big on genes Letter: Crack down on litter Letter: Be careful who you call ugly In Our View: Pot News a Mixed Bag Camden: Price of car tab taxes in Seattle prompts familiar outrage Editorial Cartoons March 19-25 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Affordable housing projects dot 1-mile stretch of Fourth Plain Everybody Has a Story: Surprise storm turns walk home into near-tragedy Furry Friends receives emergency medical grant Rotarians hold shoe drive for Roosevelt students Clark College journalists score awards at conference Neighbors honor retiring mail carrier Orchards teacher earns Educator of the Year You can help Grant flies in coconuts to help students study Mardi Gras Florist heads to D.C. to speak for flowers County still chipping at nuisance property in Orchards A years-long effort to bring the nuisance house across the street from Covington Middle School back into compliance is now… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Albertsons said to weigh merger with Sprouts Discussions come as conventional grocers expand organic offerings By Ed Hammond and Kiel Porter, Bloomberg Published: March 20, 2017, 3:49 PM A   A Albertsons Cos., the grocery-chain operator backed by Cerberus Capital Management, has held preliminary talks to merge with Sprouts Farmers Market Inc., people with knowledge of the matter said. The discussions, which took place in recent weeks, are at an early stage and may not lead to a deal, said the people, who asked not to be named. The talks have involved a plan to take organic grocer Sprouts private and add it to Albertsons’ portfolio, which includes eponymous grocery stores and the Safeway store brand. Albertsons closed two Clark County stores in February 2014. Two stores remain, in Battle Ground and Salmon Creek. Representatives for Cerberus and Sprouts didn’t respond to requests for comment. A representative for Albertsons declined to comment. Grocery stores have been battered by food deflation over the last year, forcing them to compete more aggressively over prices. The battle has weighed on Kroger Co., the largest U.S. grocery chain. The company posted negative same-store sales, excluding fuel, for the first time in more than a decade in the fourth quarter. Conventional grocers, including Albertsons, Kroger and Wal-Mart Stores, have expanded their offerings of organic food in response to changing consumer tastes in recent years. That’s put pressure on natural grocers, including Whole Foods Market, to cut prices to better compete. Sprouts could fetch about $26 a share in a deal, Jefferies Group analyst Christopher Mandeville wrote in a note to clients Monday, an 18 percent premium to its last closing price. A sale may attract multiple suitors and lead to a competitive bidding process that could potentially push valuation higher, he wrote. In September, Amin Maredia, Sprouts’ chief executive officer, said deep price cuts driven by deflation were “not sustainable” and that his stores had been “exposed a little bit” by lower prices at large conventional stores. Cerberus first invested in Albertsons in 2006, then bought another group of stores in 2013 from SuperValu. Albertsons agreed in 2014 to acquire Safeway in a deal valued at about $9.2 billion, which was completed the following year. In 2015, Cerberus began to prepare for an initial public offering of Boise, Idaho-based Albertsons, which now operates more than 2,200 stores, but delayed plans amid unfavorable market conditions. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
العربية 中文 Español English Français @*@ Searchform Go Weather Victoria 6°C Vancouver 6°C Edmonton -5°C Regina -2°C Winnipeg -7°C Toronto -5°C Ottawa -8°C Montréal -8°C Québec -13°C Fredericton -13°C Halifax -11°C Charlottetown -9°C Saint-John's -1°C Whitehorse -8°C Yellowknife -21°C Iqaluit -27°C Canadian WeatherWorld Weather Home Home Highlights In depth Discovering Canada Contact us Julie Tamiko Manning & Matt Miwa in The Tashme Project - The Living Archives, a recipient of Cole Foundation support Cole Foundation funding intercultural theatre in Montreal By Carmel Kilkenny | english@rcinet.ca Monday 20 March, 2017 , No Comments ↓ Share The Cole Foundation continues the wishes of Jack Cole, the man who established it in 1980.  “What is the use of living if not to make this world a better place for mankind.” was his motto. Born and raised in Montreal, Jack Cole believed in sharing with the community. He established the financial framework to support research into pediatric and young adult lymphoma, and care, having lost his only child, a son, to the disease. “Theatre is stories” Now Barry Cole, Jack’s nephew, is proud of the expanded work the foundation is doing to foster intercultural dialogue in Montreal. The catalyst for this development was the mounting racial tension in the province of Quebec in the first decade of the new millennium. Listen Amid all the talk and protests of reasonable accommodation around the growing Muslim minority, the humanity and the connections were being lost in Quebec. Barry Cole, said he was struck by a phrase in the Bouchard Taylor Report, issued at the end of a commission investigating the sources and realities of the racial conflicts. Subtitled “A Time for Reconciliation”, the report stated that immigrants to Quebec were becoming ghettoised because the Francophone majority and the Anglophone minority were not welcoming. Barry Cole saw the opportunity to “use the arts as a way to change social values, or cultural values.” Using the art of theatre of literature, more specifically he says, because, “theatre is stories.” “If I hear the story of an immigrant then I become more sympathetic to that person, I have a greater sense of understanding, and through that sympathy and understanding I have a greater sense of tolerance, which is something that we see is needed very much in society today.” Cole says. A jury of five theatre professionals from both Montreal’s English and French theatre scenes oversee the annual competition deciding which projects will get funded. Cole says there have been more French applications recently, and last year saw the most applications ever. The result is that productions, such as the Black Theatre Workshop version of Loreena Gale‘s play “Angelique” is currently having a run at the Segal Centre. It tells the story of the young black slave who is said to have set the fire that burned down her master’s house and then most of old Montreal at the time. She was tried, convicted and executed in 1734. It is said the fire was in retaliation for the abuses and rape she suffered at the hands of her owner, but most of the details remain a mystery. Kim’s Convenience, Ins Choi’s play about the Korean immigrant family running a corner store in Toronto, dealing with the arrival of the mammoth Walmart, just completed a run in the same space.  The Tashme Project – ‘The Living Archives’, was another production helped by the foundation. It took the actual interviews from the Japanese Canadians who were children when their families were interned in Canada, and shared their experiences on stage. “Today I think multiculturalism has changed and it is more like inter-culturalism, it is a dialogue between cultures, and within that dialogue, or through that dialogue both cultures change a little bit, and they reach a compromise or an understanding of each other.” Cole says. Now the Cole Foundation is funding another slate of work for audiences entertainment, education, and empathy. Share Posted in Arts and Entertainment, Education, Immigration & Refuge, International, Society Do you want to report an error or a typo? Click here! More stories « Remote Churchill short of food after huge blizzard Roses for the Canadian Shield » @*@ Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  characters available Note: By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that Radio Canada International has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Radio Canada International does not endorse any of the views posted. Your comments will be pre-moderated and published if they meet netiquette guidelines. Netiquette » When you express your personal opinion in an online forum, you must be as courteous as if you were speaking with someone face-to-face. Insults and personal attacks will not be tolerated. To disagree with an opinion, an idea or an event is one thing, but to show disrespect for other people is quite another. Great minds don’t always think alike—and that’s precisely what makes online dialogue so interesting and valuable. Netiquette is the set of rules of conduct governing how you should behave when communicating via the Internet. Before you post a message to a blog or forum, it’s important to read and understand these rules. Otherwise, you may be banned from posting. RCInet.ca’s online forums are not anonymous. Users must register, and give their full name and place of residence, which are displayed alongside each of their comments. RCInet.ca reserves the right not to publish comments if there is any doubt as to the identity of their author. Assuming the identity of another person with intent to mislead or cause harm is a serious infraction that may result in the offender being banned. RCInet.ca’s online forums are open to everyone, without regard to age, ethnic origin, religion, gender or sexual orientation. Comments that are defamatory, hateful, racist, xenophobic, sexist, or that disparage an ethnic origin, religious affiliation or age group will not be published. In online speak, writing in ALL CAPS is considered yelling, and may be interpreted as aggressive behaviour, which is unpleasant for the people reading. Any message containing one or more words in all caps (except for initialisms and acronyms) will be rejected, as will any message containing one or more words in bold, italic or underlined characters. Use of vulgar, obscene or objectionable language is prohibited. Forums are public places and your comments could offend some users. People who use inappropriate language will be banned. Mutual respect is essential among users. Insulting, threatening or harassing another user is prohibited. You can express your disagreement with an idea without attacking anyone. Exchanging arguments and opposing views is a key component of healthy debate, but it should not turn into a dialogue or private discussion between two users who address each other without regard for the other participants. Messages of this type will not be posted. Radio Canada International publishes contents in five languages. The language used in the forums has to be the same as the contents we publish. The usage of other languages, with the exception of some words, is forbidden. Messages that are off-topic will not be published. Making repetitive posts disrupts the flow of discussions and will not be tolerated. Adding images or any other type of file to comments is forbidden. Including hyperlinks to other websites is allowed, as long as they comply with netiquette. Radio Canada International  is in no way responsible for the content of such sites, however. Copying and pasting text written by someone else, even if you credit the author, is unacceptable if that text makes up the majority of your comment. Posting any type of advertising or call to action, in any form, to Radio Canada International  forums is prohibited. All comments and other types of content are moderated before publication. Radio Canada International  reserves the right to refuse any comment for publication. Radio Canada International  reserves the right to close a forum at any time, without notice. Radio Canada International  reserves the right to amend this code of conduct (netiquette) at any time, without notice. By participating in its online forums, you allow Radio Canada International to publish your comments on the web for an indefinite time. This also implies that these messages will be indexed by Internet search engines. Radio Canada International has no obligation to remove your messages from the web if one day you request it. We invite you to carefully consider your comments and the consequences of their posting. Name * Email * Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty ﻿ Search by Category • • • AnimalsArts and EntertainmentEconomyEducationEnvironmentHealthHistoryImmigration & RefugeIndigenousInternationalLifestyleMilitaryPoliticsPress revueScience and TechnologySocietySportsUp closeWork & Labour Author • • • Carmel KilkennyEilís Quinn, Eye on the ArcticLynn DesjardinsLevon Sevunts, Radio Canada InternationalMarc MontgomeryTerry Haig Listen to us The LinkListen to our weekly show All shows Subscribe to our podcast Subscribe to our podcast (iTunes) Download the latest podcast Première chaine CBC Radio one Espace musique CBC Radio 2 Your choices Highlights Additional Languages 1299 ♥ Royal Canadian Navy: A fighting force still, or even protective? 1124 ♥ No need for ‘Canadian values’ tests for immigrants: immigration minister 529 ♥ Canadians personal debt: new (worrisome) record 488 ♥ Betty Kennedy, pioneering journalist, dead 461 ♥ Canadian arrested in massive Yahoo hack 459 ♥ Canada will not cancel refugee agreement with the U.S. despite Trump crackdown Feist headlining at Ottawa Jazz FestEducation, Immigration & Refuge, International, Lifestyle, Politics, Society, SportsHoma Hoodfar launches latest book on Muslim women and sportsBudget day in CanadaAnimals, Economy, Environment, Indigenous, Politics, SocietySupreme Court to decide on huge Peel wilderness watershedHealth, Lifestyle, SocietyThe rate is falling but 5.3 million Canadians still smokeInternational, SocietyRed Cross needs $400 million for Africans facing famineHistory, International, Military, Politics, Society100th Anniversary of the pivotal battle of WWIScience and TechnologySome scientists seek to revive Pluto’s status as a planetAnimals, Economy, Environment, International, Science and Technology, SocietyFirst bee listed as “endangered” across North AmericaArts and Entertainment, History, SocietyBetty Kennedy, pioneering journalist, dead RCI | FrançaisTam-Tam Canada - 19 mars 2017 - Les immigrants au Canada, un plus ou un moins? RCI | EspañolCanadá en las Américas Café del 19 de marzo 2017 RCI | 中文周末网络广播（2017年3月19日） العربية | RCIبلا حدود ليوم الأحد 19 آذار (مارس) 2017 Follow us On Facebook On Twitter Subscribe to the Cybermagazine Radio-canada.ca CBC.ca L'opposition à Ottawa accuse Morneau d'avoir fait fi des gens ordinairesMeurtre à Saint-Hilaire : la victime venait de prévenir la police qu'elle craignait son ex-conjointL'auteur de l'attentat avait déjà fait l'objet d'une enquête pour extrémisme violentRéfugiés syriens : la clé de l'intégration? La débrouillardiseMalades de l'amiante... et laissés pour compteLa réforme de l'Obamacare menacée par les républicains de l'aile droiteNouveau rebondissement dans le scandale des écoutes électroniques à WashingtonLes libéraux demandent aux Canadiens de leur faire confianceGérald Fillion vous explique le budget en 2 minutesRehtaeh Parsons : un drame qui ne pourrait plus se reproduire selon sa mère 'She was my only girl': Nunavut teen's death sheds light on failures in fighting TBLiberal budget avoids taxing rich, and misses a chance to make Canadians happier: Don PittisTax deduction for fertility treatments expanded, made retroactive for 10 yearsAfter a nightmare attack, the resilience of Londoners resurfacesIvanka in the West Wing: Ethics concerns collide with hope for a 'moderating' voiceSupreme Court of Canada to rule on Dennis Oland's bail appealU.K. attacker was British-born, had been investigated for 'violent extremism'Liberal budget offers lots of 'vision' but few new numbers: Aaron WherryVehicles becoming a common weapon: A look at recent attacksFederal budget 2017 — Mostly gusts of pleasant smelling warm air: Neil Macdonald @*@ Footer Home All rights reserved @ Radio Canada International 2013 Subscriptions Cybermagazine Podcast Podcast (iTunes) RSS Feed Facebook Twitter Archives June 2012 - April 2013 2006-2012 Entraide Other sites Radio-Canada.ca Conditions d'utilisation Ombudsman CBC.ca Transparency and Accountability Ombudsman Visit our strategic partners ↑ Scroll to top ↑
Turkey world middle east europe americas africa asia - pacific economy politics sports health infographics photo video video gallery multimedia other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal anadolu post anadolu post news academy election 2015 Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Anadolu Agency English Turkey Turkcell boasts of faster 4.5G than US, Europe Features archive Turkey to take airline electronics ban to ICAO Features archive Norway should extradite 5 soldiers: Turkey’s Deputy PM Features archive Turkey warns Russia over future PKK/PYD attacks Features archive Turkey says airline device ban aimed at hindering trade Features archive world middle east Sinai clashes leave 10 Egypt troops, 15 militants dead Features archive Egypt to continue training Lebanese army officers Features archive Turkey refuses to join Raqqah operation with PKK/PYD Features archive Israel arrests Hamas-linked lawmaker in West Bank Features archive europe Verheugen: German rally bans violated democratic rules Features archive Ukraine hints at 'sabotage' over ammunition blast Features archive UK police arrest 8 after London terror attack Features archive Turkey condemns London terror attacks Features archive americas All doors opened: 1st Latin Muslim woman military pilot Features archive Cavusoglu: Trump's US understands Turkey better Features archive US Justice Dept. seeks accelerated travel ban appeal Features archive US Secretary of State: 'I did not want this job' Features archive africa 10 killed in clashes between Somali army and al-Shabaab Features archive Turkish Airlines to transport 60 tons of aid to Somalia Features archive Japan to end its mission in South Sudan Features archive Bombers hit refugee camps in northeast Nigeria, 7 dead Features archive asia - pacific Japanese PM accused of donating to scandal-hit school Features archive Turkey announces North Korea-related asset freeze Features archive Philippines: 2 crew abducted from cargo boat in south Features archive Suspected militant dead in clash with Indonesian police Features archive economy Turkey's Borsa Istanbul up at opening Features archive With rising US inventories, oil prices hit 4-month lows Features archive Turkey's total oil imports rise 24.26 pct in January Features archive NATO members failing to meet US spending demands Features archive Italy's ENI to pay $350M tax to Mozambique Features archive politics Turkey warns Russia over future PKK/PYD attacks Features archive Cavusoglu: Trump's US understands Turkey better Features archive Former FM Steinmeier sworn in as new German President Features archive De Mistura, Lavrov meet in Russia ahead of Syria talks Features archive Turkey cannot be pushed around, Erdogan says Features archive sports Football: Turkish clubs lag behind financially Features archive Erdogan says 'tricks' thwart Turkey's Olympic bids Features archive Football: Besiktas miss chance to boost league lead Features archive Football: Konyaspor defeat Fenerbahce in Turkish league Features archive UEFA Europa League quarter-final draws made Features archive health Qatar reports 1st coronavirus infection this year Features archive UK smokers braced for tobacco restrictions Features archive Yellow fever kills at least 137 people in Brazil Features archive Famine, war forces South Sudan to go for bushmeat Features archive Syrian hospital says patients dying due to regime siege Features archive infographics photo “Istanbul Photo Awards 2017” jury members complete the evaluation process All doors opened to me: 1st Latin woman military pilot Brussels marks one year since deadly terror attacks Mehter team, an Ottoman military band performs at Islamabad Civil March for Aleppo in Sarajevo video video gallery Turkish aid agency IHH provides humanitarian aid to Somalia Civil March for Aleppo in Sarajevo Parliament is under a complete security lockdown Turkish NGO IHH sends aid materials to Mosul IDPs multimedia Anadolu Post: Your source for trusted news FETO Exposed: Mithat Aynacı July 15 coup protester martyred 'for the sake of the homeland' other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy anadolu post anadolu post select language Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Bill Gates world’s richest person, again Donald Trump falls to 544 on list after losing $1 billion home > economy, americas 21.03.2017 Barry Eitel California Features archive related news US Justice Dept. seeks accelerated travel ban appeal US Secretary of State: 'I did not want this job' US-Europe defense relations under Trump Most Turkish computers 'using pirate programs' Iraq PM: Trump vows accelerated anti-Daesh support By Barry Eitel SAN FRANCISCO Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates is at the top of Forbes magazine's annual list of the world’s billionaires that was released Monday. The number of billionaires increased 13 percent compared to 2016, the magazine noted, from 1,810 to 2,043. It is the first time Forbes has pinned down more than 2,000 people with 10-figure fortunes. The increase, 233, is the biggest the magazine has recorded in its 31 years of compiling the list and is responsible for the combined wealth of the world’s billionaires spiking 18 percent to $7.67 trillion, another record for Forbes. Gates’ fortune grew from an estimated $75 billion last year to $86 billion in 2017. The creative engine behind the Windows operating system is the richest person in the world for the fourth consecutive year, and Gates has occupied the top spot 18 times since 1994. Activist investor Warren Buffett came in second place with $75.6 billion. By adding $27.6 billion to his fortune in the past 12 months, Amazon founder and chief executive Jeff Bezos is the third richest person on Earth and holds the distinction of earning the largest annual income in the past year. Alhough famed Silicon Valley executives Mark Zuckerberg and Larry Ellison are in the top 10 with $56 billion and $52.2 billion, respectively, the technology industry did not dominate the front end of the list. Charles and David Koch, who operate a slew of businesses that range from paper towels to mining, were tied for eighth place with $48.3 billion each. Financial services innovator Michael Bloomberg, casino magnate Sheldon Adelson and three members of the Walton family, the dynasty behind Walmart stores, all made the top 20. The majority of the world’s billionaires are American, although the founder of Spanish clothing chain Zara, Amancio Ortega, was fourth with $71.3 billion. The world’s richest woman is Liliane Bettencourt. The French cosmetic company L'Oreal’s principal shareholder is worth $39.5 billion and is the 14th richest person Perhaps the world’s most influential billionaire, Donald Trump, did not fare well on the list. The American president dropped 220 spots to 544th after losing $1 billion in the past year. Now worth an estimated $3.5 billion, according to Forbes, Trump lost a significant amount of wealth due to contractions in the New York City real estate market. Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options. Facebook Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Galleries today's headlines 16 : 00 Turkey Turkcell boasts of faster 4.5G than US, Europe 15 : 51 Turkey Turkey to take airline electronics ban to ICAO 15 : 01 middle east Sinai clashes leave 10 Egypt troops, 15 militants dead 14 : 51 Turkey Norway should extradite 5 soldiers: Turkey’s Deputy PM 13 : 51 asia - pacific Indian supreme court adjourns Babri Mosque case again 13 : 34 Turkey Turkey refuses to join Raqqah operation with PKK/PYD 11 : 50 world UK police arrest 8 after London terror attack 11 : 48 middle east Hundreds of Egypt students stricken with food poisoning 11 : 41 culture and art Istanbul Photo Awards jury selects winners 11 : 21 Turkey Cavusoglu: Trump's US understands Turkey better 19 : 17 world US-led anti-Daesh campaign hitting new phase 17 : 53 Turkey Turkish Deputy PM slams Norway over FETO asylums analysis news US-Europe defense relations under Trump OPINION: Iran’s perennial reformist-conservative fracas US-Turkey relations during Tillerson’s honeymoon Is regional federalism the solution for Iraq? Africa, Trump and the politics of aid Bill Gates world’s richest person, again 1 / 1 Bill Gates world’s richest person, again analysis news corporate news education culture and art life science-technology photo video up corporate history editorial guideliness social media policies ethics commission executive team domestic offices international offices media center contact quality management announcement service sponsorship human resources subscription requests corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy election 2015 mobile services iPhone application iPad application Android application Windows application © Anadolu Agency 2017
Thursday, March 23, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search Chicago's 12 best new event spaces and party spots Could these promising possibilities lessen Chicago's pain? Like craft beer? You're in the right city If it seems like airline systems are down more often, it's because they are What will Zell do with $2.1 billion in cash? No one thinks the GOP health bill is a good idea for Illinois Here's exactly how not to reform Obamacare A sports museum for Chicago? A power struggle emerges within Tribune parent's boardroom Meet the local firm that signed off on Cat's tax plan × Chicago's 12 best new event spaces and party spots Could these promising possibilities lessen Chicago's pain? Like craft beer? You're in the right city If it seems like airline systems are down more often, it's because they are What will Zell do with $2.1 billion in cash? No one thinks the GOP health bill is a good idea for Illinois Here's exactly how not to reform Obamacare A sports museum for Chicago? A power struggle emerges within Tribune parent's boardroom Meet the local firm that signed off on Cat's tax plan × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move March 20, 2017 Jewel parent weighs merger with with organic grocer Sprouts (Bloomberg)—Albertsons Cos., the grocery-chain operator backed by Cerberus Capital Management, has held preliminary talks to merge with Sprouts Farmers Market Inc., people with knowledge of the matter said. The discussions, which took place in recent weeks, are at an early stage and may not lead to a deal, said the people, who asked not to be named discussing private details. The talks have involved a plan to take organic grocer Sprouts private and add it to Albertsons' portfolio, which includes Jewel-Osco, Safeway and other stores... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
null
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News Crime Texas Legislature Politics Education Investigations Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close House member seeks first bump in poor Texas nursing home residents’ allowance in 12 years Filed under Texas Legislature at 2 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Robert T. Garrett, Austin Bureau Connect with Robert T. Garrett On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now AUSTIN — Twelve years after she last secured a raise for Texas' most impoverished old folks, Rep. Senfronia Thompson is at it again. On Monday, Thompson began her latest push for an allowance bump for nursing home residents on Medicaid. "Occasionally, people may need an extra diaper," the Houston Democrat told the House Human Services Committee. "Can you imagine sitting in one diaper all day long? ... You know, a fresh diaper a couple of times a day may be a pretty good relief." Rep. Senfronia Thompson, shown voting on the first day of the 2015 session, is pressing for a $15 bump in the monthly allowance granted to impoverished old people who are on Medicaid and live in nursing homes and to younger people who are poor, have intellectual and developmental delays and live in institutions. (Ashley Landis/Staff Photographer) Thompson has filed a bill that would increase the state's "personal needs allowance" to $75 a month. Since 2005, the amount has been $60. In most instances, the funds are deducted from Social Security and pension checks that are turned over to the state to help pay for an elderly person's nursing home care. The stipend pays for incidentals, such as toiletries and small clothing articles. "It might give you an opportunity to maybe get an extra tube of toothpaste or maybe an extra pair of socks," Thompson said. "Those are the things they [buy] with this money." Inflation has eroded the allowance's purchasing power, she told the House panel. "Toothpaste has gone up," she said. 'Necessary things' Thompson described how a new pair of inexpensive tennis shoes can prevent slips and falls. "And those socks will make their feet warm," she said. "It's just for these necessary things." In 2003, lawmakers who were trying to bridge a $10 billion budget shortfall cut the personal needs allowance by $15 — to $45 a month. A year later, nursing home residents recounted to The Dallas Morning News how $15 less per month pinched. They had their hair done less frequently. They couldn't buy as many toiletries and snacks. Nor could one woman afford to purchase even a small gift for a granddaughter, she said. In 2005, Thompson secured support from then-Gov. Rick Perry. After a months-long personal lobbying effort, she persuaded the Legislature to restore the allowance to $60. "They're not asking to go to Neiman Marcus or Saks Fifth Avenue," she said, speaking of nursing home residents in 2005. "They're asking to go to Wal-Mart." To qualify for Medicaid coverage of long-term care, applicants have to spend down all of their assets. Among the nearly 69,000 people who receive the allowance are Medicaid recipients who have intellectual and developmental delays and live in group homes and state-supported living centers. Increasing the stipend to $75 would cost $12.8 million over two years, according to the Legislative Budget Board. AARP and groups representing health insurers and social workers support Thompson's bill. An increase in Medicaid recipients' allowance "is essential for their dignity," testified Jennifer Allmon, executive director of the Texas Catholic Conference of Bishops. It also favors the measure. Human Services Committee Chairman Richard Peña Raymond, D-Laredo, offered Thompson help in lobbying House budget writers. They could add to the budget a "contingency rider" that would fund the increase if her bill passes, Raymond suggested. "Let us know if [Dallas Democrat] Toni Rose and Mr. [Rick] Miller [R-Sugar Land] and those who are on Appropriations can help out with this," he said. "I went to the top, I talked to the chairman," said Thompson, the House's second-longest-serving member. She was referring to a fellow Houstonian, GOP Appropriations chief John Zerwas. "Well, that's just as good," Raymond replied, a bit sheepishly. Though Raymond has served in the House 12 terms, Thompson, first elected in 1972, is now in her 22nd. In this Collection... Texas' budget outlook for 2018-2019 Straus hits Senate for ‘cooking books’ on Texas budget, though Patrick calls fund shift ‘very sound’  Overhaul of Texas CPS, foster care wins more dollars in Senate, House budgets  While Texas lawmakers talk of big fixes to CPS, foster care, they’re not yet adding big money See all 15 Stories View Comments Tags Texas Legislature Politics Texas Texas Politics Health Care Aging Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Gates, Zuckerberg, Musk, Trump headline Forbes' record-setting billionaires list for '17 President Donald Trump, the first U.S. leader on the list, fell more than 200 spots from last year. By Doug G. Ware   |   March 20, 2017 at 5:12 PM Follow @upi Comments | License Photo March 20 (UPI) -- There are more billionaires on the planet now than ever before, according to Forbes magazine's rich list for 2017. The 31st annual billionaires list notes 233 more billionaires (13 percent) than were included on the 2016 roundup. This year marks the first time Forbes' billionaire club features more than 2,000 people. The 2017 net worth of all 2,043 billionaires also set a record -- $7.7 trillion -- an 18 percent jump from last year. The list uses stock prices and exchange rates to calculate the subjects' wealth. At the top is a longtime staple of the Forbes list, Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates, with a net worth of $86 billion. "From his perch atop the world's largest private charitable foundation, Bill Gates keeps pushing to save lives in the developing world through efforts to eliminate polio, attack malaria and expand childhood vaccinations," Forbes wrote of Gates, who has been listed as the world's richest person for 18 of the last 23 years. Longtime investor and philanthropist Warren Buffett, the "Oracle of Omaha," was listed at No. 2 with a fortune of nearly $77 billion. Amazon founder Jeff Bezos ($72.8B), European businessman Amancia Ortega ($71.3B), and Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg ($56B) round out the top five. U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Jr., made Forbes magazine's 2017 edition of its "billionaires list," ranking at No. 814 with a net worth of $2.5 billion. The family of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos also made the list, which was released Monday. File Photo by Mike Theiler/UPI Mexican businessman Carlos Slim Helu, who has spent time in the No. 1 spot, fell to No. 6, the first time he has been out of the top five in more than a decade. The richest woman, makeup magnate Liliane Bettencourt, ranked 14th with a worth of nearly $40 billion. Alice Walton, son of Walmart founder Sam Walton, was rated 17th. China produced most of the new billionaires (76) and the United States was second (25). The youngest member of the list is John Collison, the 26-year-old founder of Internet payment startup Stripe, who boasts a net worth of $1.1 billion. Due to his taking a civil service job that pays about $500,000 per year -- and distancing himself from his corporate empire -- U.S. President Donald Trump remained on the list and became the first sitting president to appear on it. He dropped 220 spots for losing about $1 billion of his 2016 net worth ($4.5B), though. The country with most of the billionaires, a record 565 (28 percent), is the United States, followed by a fast-rising China (319). Seventy-eight people fell off the list and 20 others died in 2016. Other notable billionaires on the list: No. 42 - Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen, $19.9 billion No. 55 - Investor and Trump adviser Carl Icahn, $16.6 billion No. 80 - Tesla Motors and SpaceX founder Elon Musk, $13.9 billion No. 269 - Richard DeVos (father in-law of U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos), $5.6 billion No. 294 - Filmmaker and Star Wars creator George Lucas, $5.3 billion No. 303 - Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, $5.2 billion No. 501 - Filmmaker Steven Spielberg, $3.7 billion No. 544 - U.S. President Donald Trump, the first American commander in-chief on the list, $3.5 billion No. 660 - talk show host Oprah Winfrey, $3 billion No. 814 - U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Jr., $2.5 billion No. 1567 - Former basketball star Michael Jordan, $1.3 billion Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories U.S. Supreme Court won't throw out Sen. Menendez charges Dozens face deportation after Detroit cockfighting, gambling ring bust Comey: FBI probing possible Trump campaign ties with Russia More people flying than ever before; 90,000 more a day than 2016 Comments Topics: Bill Gates, Donald Trump, Warren Buffett, Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, Carlos Slim Helu, Sam Walton, Paul Allen, Carl Icahn, George Lucas, Jerry Jones, Steven Spielberg, Oprah Winfrey, Michael Jordan, Elon Musk, Wilbur Ross, Dallas Cowboys Trending UPI Pulitzer Prizes: The stories behind the pictures and words Trending President Donald Trump: The first 100 days in photos Latest Headlines GOP healthcare plan up for House vote Thursday 23 minutes ago ago March 23 (UPI) -- The House will vote on the American Health Care Act, the GOP plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, but it is not clear if the legislation will pass. Watch live: Sean Spicer gives daily press briefing 1 hour ago ago March 23 (UPI) -- Press secretary Sean Spicer on Thursday is scheduled to hold a daily press briefing at the White House. 17,000 AT&T technicians strike for second day 2 hours ago ago March 23 (UPI) -- About 17,000 unionized AT&T technicians in Nevada and California are on strike for a second day over benefits cutbacks, hiring reductions and work assignments. Watch live: Day 4 of Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch's Senate hearing 2 hours ago ago March 23 (UPI) -- The Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday is set to grill Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch for the fourth day. Officer, three civilians killed in Wisconsin shooting 10 hours ago ago March 22 (UPI) -- A police officer and three civilians died in a shooting spree that started as a "domestic situation" and spread to two other locations in northern Wisconsin. UPI Latest Trending Stories House intel chair under fire for remarks on surveillance of Trump team U.S. to pay $1M to family of Mexican teen who died while in custody London attack: Man kills 3, injures 40 outside British Parliament U.S. deploys supersonic bombers to Korean peninsula Ex-pharmacy exec convicted in nationwide meningitis outbreak PHOTOS On the red carpet at Nickelodeon's Kids' Choice Awards President Donald Trump: The first 100 days in photos In photos: Tyra Banks through the years Stars attend 'Beauty and the Beast' screening in New York Activists protest the Dakota Access Pipeline in Washington, D.C. John Goodman honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Some retailers might not survive until the end of the year, eBay CEO says Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Monday, 20 Mar 2017 | 4:29 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Restructuring of retail will happen faster than people think: eBay CEO    Monday, 20 Mar 2017 | 3:35 PM ET | 04:53 The 2016 holiday season may have been a historic turning point that will take down players in the retail industry, eBay CEO Devin Wenig said. "The fourth quarter of last holiday season was a really important moment," Wenig told CNBC's "Closing Bell" from the Shoptalk Conference in Las Vegas. "I think it was an inflection point where that was the end of retail as we know it. And I do think the restructuring of this industry is going to happen faster than a lot of people think.... the fourth quarter is the moment that people will look back on and say, 'That's when the current structure of the industry was irretrievable.'" David A. Grogan | CNBC Devin Wenig, CEO of eBay at the 2016 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Stores that can't keep up could be brought to reckoning by the end of this year, Wenig said. "I'm not sure all the retailers are going to even make it, in a healthy economy, to this holiday season," Wenig said. "And I do think you are going to see drastic changes in store footprints and what stores do." Department stores J.C. Penney, Macy's and Sears have collectively announced hundreds of store closures slated for this year. Amazon, meanwhile, had its best holiday shopping season ever. Wenig said he doesn't think stores are completely going away, but that stores must be a "mini distribution center" to succeed. "I think the complete death of stores has been greatly exaggerated," Wenig said. "The consumer wants stores. The entire world will not be online. But there are both capacity and utility issues in retail. People don't like poor store experiences." EBay has challenges of its own. EBay was the original online marketplace, but is no longer the only one. The company now competes for shoppers dollars with Amazon, Walmart, Etsy and others. Wenig has a number of strategies to capture consumers less familiar with what eBay can offer — from artificial intelligence bots, to new search technology. On Monday, eBay announced that — starting this summer — it will guarantee three-day delivery on more than 20 million items in the U.S. Millions of those items will also come with free shipping and shoppers will be able to filter items by one-and two-day delivery. "Most people shop eBay in their passions and their interests — as much as the things they need, the things they love," Wenig said. "But we know that there's a group of our buyer segment that want certainty. They want speed." Then there are opportunities in emerging markets. An Indian news source, The Economic Times, reported that Indian e-commerce company Flipkart is in talks on a funding round of up to $1.5 billion with eBay and China's Tencent. Wenig declined to comment on the rumor, but talked broadly about eBay's strategy in India. "The Indian market is important to us," Wenig said. "We're always looking at the possibilities to win in every market we compete in. But eBay India is a major player in that market, and we are investing in it, and we'll continue to invest in it." Meanwhile, eBay must wrestle with policy changes at home, including proposals of border taxes and immigration reform that critics say could hurt the retail industry. Wenig said he doesn't plan to be shy in his advocacy of responsible immigration and trade. "I absolutely want the president of the United States to succeed," Wenig said. "I'm the CEO of an American business and I'm an American citizen. .... With that said, we're going to speak up about issues that for us, aren't about politics, they're about our business." — with reporting from CNBC's Courtney Reagan, Lauren Thomas and Harriet Taylor. Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change EBAY --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts The Spokane Falls Know Spokane Gonzaga basketball Fairchild at 75 Doctors of Debt Coming to America Inside Amazon’s battle to break into the $800 billion grocery market UPDATED: MONDAY, MARCH 20, 2017, 2:17 P.M. (Reed Saxon / AP) By Spencer Soper and Olivia Zaleski Bloomberg Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS “Very wasteful” isn’t a phrase usually associated with Amazon.com Inc., which is so cost-conscious it once removed the light bulbs from its cafeteria’s vending machines. But after spending several months analyzing the online retailer’s grocery-shipping hubs back in 2014, that’s exactly how a mechanical engineering student described its approach to selling bananas. Workers at Amazon Fresh, the company’s grocery-delivery business, threw away about a third of the bananas it purchased because the service only sold the fruit in bunches of five, the student concluded. Employees trimmed each bunch down to size and chucked the excess. The research paper by Vrajesh Modi, who now works for Boston Consulting Group, highlighted other problems: Poorly trained employees often stood around with nothing to do. Moldy strawberries were frequently returned by disappointed customers. Amazon’s inspectors believed their corporate bosses didn’t care much about the quality of the food. Such challenges linger for Amazon. Despite several attempts to break into the $800 billion grocery industry and almost a decade in the business, the company has struggled to entice shoppers en masse to buy eggs, steaks and berries online the same way they’ve flocked to buy books, tablets and toys. “Online grocery is failing,” said Kurt Jetta, chief executive officer of TABS Analytics, a consumer products research firm. Only 4.5 percent of shoppers made frequent online grocery purchases in 2016, up just slightly from 4.2 percent four years earlier despite big investments from companies such as Amazon, according to the firm’s annual surveys. “There’s just not a lot of demand there. The whole premise is that you’re saving people a trip to the store, but people actually like going to the store to buy groceries.” Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos now seems to understand that he can’t win the grocery game with websites, warehouses and trucks alone. The world’s biggest online retailer sees brick-and-mortar stores playing a key role in a renewed grocery push, documents reviewed by Bloomberg show. And like it did with Amazon Fresh, the company is launching its newest projects in Seattle, its home town. Last Tuesday, men in cherry pickers worked through driving rain to affix “Amazon Fresh” signs to a drive-in grocery location in Seattle’s Ballard neighborhood, where shoppers can stop and have online orders loaded into their cars. Crews were busy on a similar site south of downtown, readying canopies over parking spaces to protect customers from the elements as they pick up their shopping bags. The secretive company has yet to announce the projects, and crews have covered the Amazon signs in black fabric and paper. Late last year, Amazon purchased supply-chain software from LLamasoft Inc.- a major departure for a company known for its logistics prowess, and defying an internal mantra of “we don’t buy, we build.” And it more recently restructured how various grocery teams were managed to narrow their focus and set clear priorities, according to people familiar with the company’s business. These changes come as Amazon breaks from its standard formula of shipping products in boxes out of jam-packed warehouses. Instead, it will invite shoppers inside its own grocery stores to smell the oranges, see the tomatoes and tap the watermelons. Ahead of a national rollout next year, Amazon is testing three brick-and-mortar grocery formats in Seattle – convenience stores called Amazon Go, the drive-in grocery kiosks, and a hybrid supermarket that mixes the best of online and in-store shopping. The company may open as many as 2,000 stores, according to internal documents. The company has said little about its grocery-store plans, aside from a video about Amazon Go’s no-checkout format that has racked up more than 8.7 million views on YouTube. An Amazon spokeswoman declined to comment for this story. Reports on its moves have dribbled out over the past several months, prompting occasional denials and retorts from the company. Seattle technology site Geekwire in August uncovered Amazon’s mysterious drive-in grocery kiosk in Ballard. The New York Post in February said Amazon aimed to create “robot-run supermarkets” that would operate with only a few people. Bezos responded by tweeting to the Post: “Whoever your anonymous sources are on this story – they’ve mixed up their meds!” Amazon’s goal is to become a Top 5 grocery retailer by 2025, according to a person familiar with the matter. That would require more than $30 billion in annual food and beverage spending through its sites, up from $8.7 billion – including Amazon Fresh and all other food and drink sales – in 2016, according to Cowen & Co. Reaching that milestone would require a new wave of store and warehouse investments around the country, costing billions of dollars. That’s an existential change for Amazon, which initially stayed away from perishable goods and has mostly avoided the overhead of physical stores since it started in 1994. “A bunch of smart people at Amazon have been thinking about re-imagining the next phase of physical retail,” said Scott Jacobson, a former Amazon executive who is now a managing director at Madrona Venture Group. “They want more share of the wallet, and habitual, frequent use of Amazon for groceries is the ultimate goal.” For Amazon shoppers interested in buying groceries online, the company’s current offerings can be confusing. Amazon Fresh is available in about 20 U.S. cities for those paying $14.99 a month. Amazon Pantry lets shoppers buy crackers, cookies, chips, coffee and other non-perishables for a delivery fee of $5.99 per box. Amazon’s speedy drop-off service, Prime Now, offers items from local grocers in some cities, but no major chains. Its stick-on Dash Buttons let people order many household products – including some groceries, but not fresh food – with a finger tap. And Subscribe & Save offers discounts to Amazon customers who sign up for periodic delivery of laundry detergent, toothpaste, diapers, paper towels and other items frequently purchased in grocery stores. The various initiatives have been a source of increasing internal tension as employees on different projects compete to sell the same things, according to a person familiar with the matter. One problem saddling Amazon Fresh is the high cost of losses caused by food going bad, an issue it’s never faced with books and toys. For conventional grocery sellers, browning bananas can be sold at a discount to smoothie-makers and bread bakers. Chicken breasts nearing their expiration dates can be marked down. With Amazon Fresh, such items must be discarded or are returned by frustrated customers, according to a person familiar with the matter. That has meant Amazon Fresh has lost money from spoilage at more than double the rate for a typical supermarket, said the person, who asked not to be identified discussing internal operations. The main reason Amazon began delivering groceries through Prime Now was to hand that risk back to the local grocers to lower Amazon’s costs. The company didn’t originally anticipate the scope or difficulty of these problems because so few people working on its grocery push have experience in the industry. “Grocery is the most alluring and treacherous category,” said Nadia Shouraboura, a former Amazon executive whose company, Hointer, has been working on redefining in-store grocery shopping for the past 18 months. “It lures inventors and retailers with shopping volume and frequency, and then sinks them with low margin.” Beyond grocery, Amazon executives have also discussed opening consumer electronics stores to showcase its gadgets and better compete with Best Buy Co., according to three people familiar with the plan. For years, Amazon executives have discussed the downside of an online-only strategy, mostly with regard to a lack of places for shoppers to try out Kindle electronic readers, the voice-activated Echo speaker and its defunct Fire smartphone. Amazon considered holding events similar to Tupperware parties when it introduced its first Kindle in 2007, fearing the products would languish unseen, Jacobson said. The handful of bookstores Amazon has opened around the country double as gadget showrooms, similar to the Apple Store. Long term, a stronger grocery business could position Amazon to become a wholesale food-distribution business serving supermarkets, convenience stores, restaurants, hotels, hospitals and schools. But first the company has to find a way to get more people to think of Amazon when stocking their refrigerators and pantries. A group of Amazon executives met late last year to discuss the disadvantage Amazon faced compared with grocery competitors such as Wal-Mart and Kroger because of its lack of physical stores and customer apprehension about buying fresh foods online. They decided they needed something more to jump-start Amazon’s grocery push beyond plans already under way for the Amazon Go convenience store, modeled for urban areas, and drive-in grocery pick-up stations suited for the suburbs. They worked out plans for a third approach: grocery stores closer in size to a Trader Joe’s than a Wal-Mart to offer easy access to milk, eggs and produce. Other items like paper towels, cereal, canned goods and dish detergent would be stocked on-site in a warehouse where they could be easily packed and delivered to shoppers at the location, according to documents reviewed by Bloomberg. It would also serve as a delivery hub for online orders. Brittain Ladd, a supply chain consultant who joined Amazon in 2015 and most recently worked on its Amazon Fresh and Pantry expansions, wrote about such a store prior to joining Amazon in an academic paper called “A Beautiful Way to Save Woolworths.” Ladd envisioned two-story buildings where shoppers browse produce, bread and other fresh items on the ground level while their orders for paper towels, canned goods and cereal are packed in a warehouse above. “The stores will have the capability to fulfill online orders placed by customers within a specific radius of the store,” he wrote. “Amazon drivers and/or contractors will be assigned to deliver groceries.” The executives decided such a store would be worth pursuing for Amazon Fresh and ordered further research about ideal locations, how to integrate the stores with grocery delivery, and the use of automation to reduce overhead. Site selection for this store’s first model is happening now in Seattle, according to a person familiar with the plan. Meanwhile, the first wave of its new grocery experiment, Amazon Go, was unveiled in December and for now is only open to employees while the systems are tested. Cameras and sensors monitor shoppers who scan their smartphones upon entering, allowing them to grab items like sandwiches, yogurt, drinks and snacks and automatically pay for them without a checkout kiosk. Products are embedded with tracking devices that pair with customers’ phones to charge their accounts. Weight-sensitive shelves tell Amazon when to restock. A patent filed by Amazon in 2014 suggests it could use facial-recognition technology to identify and then automatically charge in-store shoppers. In its video touting Amazon Go, the company said it was aiming to open the site to the public in “early 2017,” and it hasn’t provided an update to that timing. But the technology has been crashing in tests when the store gets too crowded and requires human quality control, people watching video images to make sure customers are charged for the right things, according to a person familiar with the plan. Beyond letting customers skip lines, the technology gives Amazon valuable data, said Guru Hariharan, founder of Boomerang Commerce Inc., which designs software for large retailers. Even if customers don’t purchase everything they touch, there’s value in understanding what shoppers consider but don’t ultimately buy, he said. That makes it worthwhile for Amazon to work through the kinks in the technology. “It takes a lot of time and experimentation to work through unpredictable scenarios like a child picking up an item or a person wearing sunglasses or a face muffler,” he said. At the same time, recent work and construction permits indicate the new drive-in grocery kiosk in Ballard could open any day. “Amazon wants to be the first thing any consumer thinks of when they need to buy anything,” said Jim Hertel, a senior vice president at marketing technology company Inmar Inc. “Food is the largest retail category. They can’t do what they want to do without grocery and they’re definitely not going to give up.” amazon-groceries ––––– Keywords: INSIDE-AMAZON-S-BATTLE-TO-BREAK-INTO-THE-800-BILLION-GROCERY-MARKET AP-WF-03-20-17 1621GMT Updated: March 20, 2017, 2:17 p.m.  Tags: Amazon, business, groceries Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Arkansas Governor Signs Bill Expanding Grocery Wine Sales by Associated Press Posted: Monday, March 20, 2017 at 3:16PM EDT LITTLE ROCK, Ark. -Arkansas' governor has signed into law a measure expanding the types of wine that grocery stores in the state can sell. A spokesman for Gov. Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday the governor signed the bill changing the state law which currently only allows grocery stores to sell wines from small wineries. More expansive selections of wine are currently only available at liquor stores. The proposal had the support of Bentonville-based Wal-Mart. Opponents of the measure included many liquor store owners, who argued that the legislation could put them out of business. The legislation also allows liquor stores to sell "consumables and edible products" that complement beverages. To read the rest of the story, please go to: Associated Press Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Top 3 Trends Impacting the Global Electronic Goods Packaging Market Through 2021: Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global electronic goods packaging market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global electronic goods packaging market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 20, 2017 04:03 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technavio’s latest market research report on the global electronic goods packaging market provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2017-2021. Technavio defines an emerging trend as a factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline. Sharan Raj, a lead analyst from Technavio, specializing in research on packaging sector, says, “Online retailers of electronic goods use different types of corrugated boxes depending on the product to be shipped. These boxes are made primarily to ensure the safety of the products transported in them. In addition, effective packaging is becoming one of the key business requirements in the e-commerce marketplace, thus fueling the growth of the market.” Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=55695 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. The top three emerging market trends driving the global electronic goods packaging market according to Technavio transportation and logistics research analysts are: Demand for innovative lightweight materials Premium packaging Growing preference for sustainable packaging solutions Demand for innovative lightweight materials Supply chain efficiency in terms of reduced cost and effective storage are critical to the vendors in the market. Lightweight packaging offers both, thus gaining traction in the market. Vendors are providing high-performance, lightweight corrugated, and containerboard grades because of cost reduction, better performance, and environmental concerns. For instance, in 2014, MWV Rigesa (now WestRock) launched the HyPerform line of Kraftliner and fluting paper, which is more tamper-proof and has a lower basis weight. This product is eco-friendly, ensuring a reduction of 10% in greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) and of 61% in water consumption. Premium packaging Packaging is used as a marketing ploy by many vendors in the market. This helps them to differentiate their product in the market, thus saving cost on marketing. The increasing demand for premium packaging, especially for premium consumer products offers a basic indication of the high-end quality of the product inside. Vendors use expensive inputs, technologies, colors, and raw materials to develop premium packaging. Many consumers also buy these products as gifts, thereby driving the demand for premium packaging in the market. “Retail giants such as Walmart are using this form of packaging in the premium brand segment to improve marketing activities. These boxes are placed at the point of sale to attract consumers,” says Sharan. Growing preference for sustainable packaging solutions Paper-based packaging is fully recyclable in most cases. Consumer product manufacturers prefer eco-friendly packaging materials as they promote sustainability. Paper can be recycled up to seven times, which gives corrugated manufacturers an advantage over other packaging products. Therefore, manufacturers are focusing on producing 100% recyclable corrugated boxes. For instance, in 2015, Mondi Containerboard launched the eco-friendly ProVantage Kraftliner Aqua and ProVantage Fluting Aqua paper that uses high-quality containerboard paper grades. These are water-resistant and eco-friendly. Browse Related Reports: Global Semiconductor Packaging Materials Market 2016-2020 Global Corrugated Box Market 2016-2020 Global Anti-Counterfeit Packaging Market 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like tags and labels; transportation and distribution; and warehouse and storage. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary Technavio’s latest market research report on the global electronic goods packaging market provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2017-2021. #Hashtags #electronicgoodspackaging #Technavio #Research #Packaging Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Freeport woman accused of stealing Wal-Mart cosmetics Monday Mar 20, 2017 at 2:22 PM Mar 20, 2017 at 2:22 PM Susan Vela Staff writer @susanvela FREEPORT — Jessica Carter, 43, of the 100 block of North Foley Avenue, was arrested Sunday evening for allegedly stealing about $74 in cosmetics, Freeport Police Det. Sgt. Chris Shenberger said. Carter was charged with felony retail theft with a prior conviction, he said. Freeport police were dispatched to Wal-Mart, 2545 Illinois 26 in Freeport, about 6 p.m. because security personnel stopped Carter in the parking lot and found stolen cosmetics in her purse, Shenberger said. They became suspicious after they saw her put items in a purse and followed her outdoors because of their suspicions, he said. Her bond has been set at $10,000. Susan Vela: 815-987-1392; svela@rrstar.com; @susanvela About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Purchase Photos E-Edition Contact Us Gas Prices Submit News Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Advertise With Us Market Place Classifieds Cars Rentals Coupons Community Info City of Freeport Stephenson County Carroll County Ogle County Jo Daviess County Sports iHigh IHSA HighSchoolSports.net Sign up for our Daily Deals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Standard ~ 50 West Douglas Street #900, Freeport, IL 61032 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Public Safety Government Education Nation & World State 815 Columns Shareable Databases Sports Gridiron (Prep Football) Preps College Professional UPICK'EM Auto Racing Entertainment Advice Life Celebrations Columnists TV Guide Calendar Opinion Our View Freeport Chuck Sweeny Guest Columns Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Rebuilding Neighborhoods Season of Giving Freeport Favorites Made in NW Illinois RRV Insider TV Book Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Target taps Kroger executive to fix one of its biggest trouble spots Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs Monday, 20 Mar 2017 | 2:34 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Scott Mlyn | CNBC A shopper approaches the Target store in Mount Kisco, New York. Target on Monday took a step toward fixing one of its biggest trouble spots: Food. The discount retailer said it has hired Kroger executive Jeff Burt to head up the company's ailing grocery business. As senior vice president of the division, Burt will oversee Target's grocery, fresh food and beverage strategies. The 30-year Kroger veteran most recently served as president of the company's Fred Meyer division. He will report to Target's executive vice president and chief merchandising officer, Mark Tritton, starting April 10. "His vast industry expertise will accelerate our plans to bring a unique food and beverage experience to Target guests," Tritton said in a statement. Target has been under pressure to revamp its grocery business, which accounts for roughly one-fifth its annual revenue. Though it has been testing upgrades to the division — including a focus on local products and adult beverages — it's been criticized by Wall Street for moving too slow. At the company's recent investor day in Manhattan, Cornell briefly spoke to the changes Target was making. However, he reiterated that it is not a full-service grocer. Instead of using food as a means to bring shoppers into stores — a strategy being used by Wal-Mart — it will continue to use grocery as a way to get them to add additional items to their baskets. Earlier Monday, Target said it would open a new store in midtown Manhattan this October, one of 30 small shops it has planned for this year. Target CEO Brian Cornell will speak at the Shoptalk conference in Las Vegas Monday afternoon. Target shares were slightly lower in afternoon trading. They're down roughly 25 percent this year. (CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story incorrectly attributed a quote to CEO Brian Cornell. The statement was actually made by Mark Tritton.) Krystina GustafsonEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change TGT --- WMT --- KR ---
About Us NAN News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) Terms & Conditions Contact Us News – List Large Videos News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) -- March 23, 2017 Follow @nanonlineng News Agency of Nigeria News Politics Sports Entertainment Health LifeStyle Newsroom Login News Agency of Nigeria News Politics Sports Entertainment Health LifeStyle Newsroom Login Time to probe Staff Housing Loan Man defiles 17-year-old daughter EU Summit: Rome on security alert after London attack How to avert suicide–Psychologist In Ibadan: Housewife boils hubby’s manhood 180,000  free houses for the poor Nigerians In this category: Federal Government Staff Housing Loans Board (FGSHLB) Eze Chukwuma Ikeja Chief Magistrates’ Court. EU Summit Italian Interior Minister Marco Minniti Rome Lagos suicide Mr Adedotun Ajiboye Adeyinka Adelakun Idi-Ogungun Customary Court Africa National Development Programme. Dr Samson Omojuyigbe Keep faith in PDP, Adeyeye tells Nigerians One China Policy: Envoy begs Nigeria for support 2019 Elections: APC reconcile members in Ebonyi Opposition parties draw battle-line with Zimbabwe govt. Seized Range Rover: Saraki has no hand – Aide Rep backs Senate’s rejection of Magu In this category: Dayo Adeyeye PDP Chinese Ambassador to Nigeria Mr Zhou Pingjian Nigeria's Ministry of Foreign Affairs One China policy All Progressives Congress (APC) Ebonyi State Nigeria's 2019 General Election National Election Reform Agenda (NERA) ZANU-PF party Zimbabwean police Bullet Pfroof car President of he Senate Bukola Saraki Abdulrazak Namdas Ibrahim Magu Rohr replaces goalie Ikeme in Nigeria, Senegal friendly Ghanaian footballer becomes famous for wrong reason Arsenal in deeper trouble as goalie Cech injured Football: Ivory Coast hires Wilmots Tiger Woods promotes book on his first Masters Ghanaian referee gets FIFA life ban In this category: International friendly Nigeria's Super Eagles Super Eagles goalkeeper Carl Ikeme Ghanaian footballer Mohammed Anas South African club Free State Stars FC Arsenal FC Peter Cech Belgium Ivory Coast Marc Wilmots Golf news Tiger Woods 2018 World Cup Qualifiers FIFA ban Ghanaian referee Joseph Lamptey Chuck Barris, ‘The Dating Game’ creator dies at 87 #BBNaija: “Ultimate” leader nominates 4 for eviction Aftermath of Paris robbery: Kardashian opens up                           Singapore: World’s most expensive city #BBNaija: Tboss, Bally, Bassey, Debie-Rise battle for survival Chimamanda’s Americanah toast of New Yorkers In this category: “The Gong Show” creator Chuck Barris hollywood #BBNaija Efe Eviction nomination E! Cable Chan Kim Kardashian Economists Expensive cities Singapore Don Jazzy TBoss Americanah Chimamanda Ngozi-Adichie New York book contest China bans importation of meat from Brazil Poisonous tea sends woman to early grave Niger to jail parents against polio vaccination NiMet scares Nigerians with heat forcast Painkilling drugs linked to cardiac arrest Benefits of regular visit to dentist In this category: Brazilian meat China China’s Commerce Ministry Dr. Yahaya Na’uzo Niger State polio vaccination State Primary Health Care Development Agency (SPHCDA) Heat danger forcast Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NiMet) Australia Cardiac arrest Painkilling drugs study Dental Health Gum diseases Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) Chimamanda’s Americanah toast of New Yorkers Stephanie, Apostle Suleman’s lady charged with blackmail Forbes Billionaires: Bill Gates remains No.1, Trump 544th Dino Melaye in ABU certificate controversy Woman seeking divorce says hubby canes her daily Video: Gowon, Anyaoku, Funtua, Clark honoured by Vanguard In this category: Americanah Chimamanda Ngozi-Adichie New York book contest Apostle Suleman Nigerian police Stephanie Otobo Alhaji Aliko Dangote Bill Gates Dr Mike Adenuga Forbes billionaires ABU Dino Melaye Sahara Reporters Agege Customary Court divorce proceedings Yemisi Akinwunmi Alhaji Isa Funtua Chief Edwin Clark General Yakubu Gowon Vanguard Personality Awards Forbes Billionaires: Bill Gates remains No.1, Trump 544th 3 days ago 0 358 0 3 days ago 0 358 0 Related Otedola out of billionaires league Healthcare: Kano signs MoU with Gates, Dangote Tor Tiv urges Dangote to repair Benue roads Bill Gates donates $1m to Borno insurgency victims *Aliko Dangote, Mike Adenuga lead Nigeria’s five billionaires Bill Gates: remains world’s richest man Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates has once again topped the Forbes magazine list of the world’s more than 2,000 billionaires, while US President Donald Trump slipped more than 200 spots to 544th, the magazine said Monday. Nigeria’s Aliko Dangote remains Africa’s richest man with $12.2 billion net worth and 103rd in the world, while Mike Adenuga is Africa’s third richest and 250th in the world, with wealth estimated at $6.1 billion. Femi Otedola is back on the list with networth estimated at $1.8billion, along with Folorunso Alakija, $1.6billion and Abdulsamad Rabiu, the BUA man at $1.1 billion. Aliko Dangote, Chairman Dangote Group: Still Africa’s richest Gates, whose wealth is estimated at $86 billion, led the list for the fourth straight year, and has been ranked as the richest person in the world for 18 of the past 23 years. Among the top 10 billionaires, a group heavily dominated by Americans, many from the technology sector, Gates was followed by Berkshire Hathaway chief Warren Buffett, with wealth was estimated at $75.6 billion, a $14.8 billion jump from the 2016 list, despite his pledge to give away 99 percent of his wealth. Others in the top 10 included Amazon founder Jeff Bezos who moved up to number three with the biggest gain of any person on the planet, a $27.6 billion increase to his fortune of $72.8 billion. Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg was number five and Oracle co-founder Larry Ellison was number seven. There are 183 tech billionaires in all with a combined $1 trillion in wealth, Forbes said. The global population of billionaires jumped 13 percent from last year to a record 2,043, the biggest annual increase in the 31 years since the magazine began compiling the list, Forbes said. The US had the most billionaires with 565, a product of the swelling value of the American stock market since Trump’s November 2016 election. China was second with 319 billionaires, and Germany was third with 114. – Partial Trump slump – Trump slipped 220 spots on the list to 544 with an estimated $3.5 billion, a decline of $1 billion from last year. Forbes attributed Trump’s drop to sluggishness in the midtown Manhattan real estate market which is responsible for a disproportionate amount of his wealth. “Forty percent of Donald Trump’s fortune is tied up in Trump Tower and eight buildings within one mile of it,” Forbes said. “Lately, the neighborhood has been struggling (relatively speaking).” Forbes also said Trump’s wealth was hit by $66 million in political spending on his successful presidential campaign, as well as $25 million to settle litigation he allegedly ripped off students at Trump University. The US president also would have missed the big stock market rally following his election, “assuming Trump sold off all of his stocks during last year’s campaign, as he has claimed,” the magazine said. But not all of the trends were negative for Trump. The magazine estimated the worth of the Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida rose $25 million due to post-election exposure. Trump also got a boost from an increase in land values in lower Manhattan where he holds the 40 Wall Street tower. – More self-made women – Rounding out the Forbes top 10, Amancio Ortega of Spanish apparel chain Zara was fourth; Mexican telecom tycoon Carlos Slim was sixth; the Koch brothers, US conservative political activists Charles and David, were eighth and ninth; and former New York City mayor and Bloomberg News founder Michael Bloomberg was 10th. The highest ranking woman on the list was L’Oreal cosmetics shareholder Liliane Bettencourt, who was 14th with $39.5 billion. The only other woman in the top 20 was Alice Walton, only daughter of Wal-Mart Stores founder Sam Walton. Overall, there were 227 women billionaires, the majority of whom inherited their wealth. But the list also contained 15 new “self-made” women, mostly from Asian countries, including Vietnam’s Nguyen Thi Phuong Thao of budget airline VietJet air. Among other luminaries on the list, Alibaba founder Jack Ma was 23rd with $28.3 billion; activist investor and Trump deregulation adviser Carl Icahn was 55th with $16.6 billion; fashion designer Giorgio Armani was tied for 215th with $6.6 billion; Hollywood director Steven Spielberg was tied for 501st with $3.7 billion; and entertainment giant Oprah Winfrey was tied for 660th with $3 billion. It was a record year for the richest people on earth, as the number of billionaires jumped 13% to 2,043 from 1,810 last year, the first time ever that Forbes has pinned down more than 2,000 ten-figure-fortunes. Their total net worth rose by 18% to $7.67 trillion, also a record. The change in the number of billionaires — up 233 since the 2016 list — was the biggest in the 31 years that Forbes has been tracking billionaires globally. Gainers since last year’s list outnumbered losers by more than three to one. I found this interesting I didin't find this interesting Join the Conversation Most Read headlines FEC Meeting: Niger bridge, 12 federal roads for reconstruction News Buhari condemns London’s terror attacks Economy Naira gains against dollar again headlines Babachir to Senate: I am not coming News London attack: US tighten security Latest Politics Keep faith in PDP, Adeyeye tells Nigerians 25 mins ago News Time to probe Staff Housing Loan 39 mins ago Environment Germany launches world’s largest artificial sun 1 hour ago Agriculture China bans importation of meat from Brazil 1 hour ago News Man defiles 17-year-old daughter 1 hour ago News EU Summit: Rome on security alert after London attack 2 hours ago News How to avert suicide–Psychologist 2 hours ago OffBeat Zambia to clampdown on fake mushroom churches 2 hours ago News In Ibadan: Housewife boils hubby’s manhood 3 hours ago News 180,000  free houses for the poor Nigerians 3 hours ago Load More DSS investigates Gov. Obiano Previous Bail Application: Kanu knows fate April 25 Next No one knows Nigeria like NAN With substantial reach and mobility across the 36 states of Nigeria, we are always where the news is. For over three decades, NAN has evolved an efficient and effective news gathering network of professional correspondents and world class information gathering system for credible , unbiased and authoritative news as it breaks. FYI About Us Contact Us Popular Posts Buhari inherited bad economy – Soludo Breaking: Five killed in rival group fight in Ile-Ife Trump can’t spell ‘tap’ in Twitter rant against Obama Back to top Copyright © 2016 News Agency of Nigeria. Powered by Metric Internet
March 23, 2017 | 72° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Top News Recaptured furlough inmate charged with escape By Star-Advertiser staff Posted March 20, 2017 March 20, 2017 Updated March 20, 2017 7:56am DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY Steven Meyers A 50-year-old furlough inmate has been charged with escape after police located and arrested him in Kapolei. Steven Meyers was charged Sunday with second-degree escape. Police said he failed to return to the Laumaka Furlough Center more than six months ago. Meyers was scheduled to return to the furlough center on Sept. 14 after work. Police located him at Walmart Friday afternoon. Meyers is serving a sentence for first-degree criminal property damage. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Fukumoto says aloha to GOP Trump: ‘Somewhat’ vindicated after surveillance briefing 5 dead in vehicle, knife attack at British Parliament Sears has ‘substantial doubt’ about its future State sweeps Diamond Head homeless encampments Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Search News 9Honey Finance Sport TV Celebrity Fashion & Beauty Homes Diet & Fitness Recipes Travel Viral More 9News NATIONAL LOCAL NSW VIC QLD SA WA NT TAS CANBERRA GOLD COAST ILLAWARRA NSW CENTRAL WEST RIVERINA WORLD 9RAW WEATHER MORE Politics Health 6PM News Finance Technology Your Say Sport Entertainment Meet the team Crime Good News Buzz 60 Minutes Contact Us 9Stories A Current Affair 60 Minutes Today Inside Story Send us a story, photo or video LONDON ATTACK Attacker was known to MI5 Adelaide mum injured 9news › world › Bill Gates again named world's richest man as Donald Trump slips World 8:31am March 21, 2017 Bill Gates again named world's richest man as Donald Trump slips By AFP US billionaire Bill Gates. (AAP) Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates once again topped the Forbes magazine list of the world's more than 2,000 billionaires, while US President Donald Trump slipped more than 200 spots, the magazine said Monday. Gates, whose wealth is estimated at $86 billion, led the list for the fourth straight year, and has been ranked as the richest person in the world for 18 of the past 23 years. Among the top 10 billionaires, a group heavily dominated by Americans, many from the technology sector, Gates was followed by Berkshire Hathaway chief Warren Buffett, with wealth was estimated at $75.6 billion, a $14.8 billion jump from the 2016 list, despite his pledge to give away 99 percent of his wealth. Others in the top 10 included Amazon founder Jeff Bezos who moved up to number three with the biggest gain of any person on the planet, a $27.6 billion increase to his fortune of $72.8 billion. Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg was number five and Oracle co-founder Larry Ellison was number seven. There are 183 tech billionaires in all with a combined $1 trillion in wealth, Forbes said. The global population of billionaires jumped 13 percent from last year to a record 2,043, the biggest annual increase in the 31 years since the magazine began compiling the list, Forbes said. US President Donald Trump. (AAP) The US had the most billionaires with 565, a product of the swelling value of the American stock market since Trump's November 2016 election. China was second with 319 billionaires, and Germany was third with 114. - Partial Trump slump - Trump slipped 220 spots on the list to 544 with an estimated $3.5 billion, a decline of $1 billion from last year. Forbes attributed Trump's drop to sluggishness in the midtown Manhattan real estate market which is responsible for a disproportionate amount of his wealth. "Forty percent of Donald Trump's fortune is tied up in Trump Tower and eight buildings within one mile of it," Forbes said. "Lately, the neighborhood has been struggling (relatively speaking)." Forbes also said Trump's wealth was hit by $66 million in political spending on his successful presidential campaign, as well as $25 million to settle litigation he allegedly ripped off students at Trump University. The US president also would have missed the big stock market rally following his election, "assuming Trump sold off all of his stocks during last year's campaign, as he has claimed," the magazine said. But not all of the trends were negative for Trump. The magazine estimated the worth of the Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida rose $25 million due to post-election exposure. Trump also got a boost from an increase in land values in lower Manhattan where he holds the 40 Wall Street tower. - More self-made women - Rounding out the Forbes top 10, Amancio Ortega of Spanish apparel chain Zara was fourth; Mexican telecom tycoon Carlos Slim was sixth; the Koch brothers, US conservative political activists Charles and David, were eighth and ninth; and former New York City mayor and Bloomberg News founder Michael Bloomberg was 10th. The highest ranking woman on the list was L'Oreal cosmetics shareholder Liliane Bettencourt, who was 14th with $39.5 billion. The only other woman in the top 20 was Alice Walton, only daughter of Wal-Mart Stores founder Sam Walton. Overall, there were 227 women billionaires, the majority of whom inherited their wealth. But the list also contained 15 new "self-made" women, mostly from Asian countries, including Vietnam's Nguyen Thi Phuong Thao of budget airline VietJet air. Among other luminaries on the list, Alibaba founder Jack Ma was 23rd with $28.3 billion; activist investor and Trump deregulation adviser Carl Icahn was 55th with $16.6 billion; fashion designer Giorgio Armani was tied for 215th with $6.6 billion; Hollywood director Steven Spielberg was tied for 501st with $3.7 billion; and entertainment giant Oprah Winfrey was tied for 660th with $3 billion. jmb/hs © AFP 2017 World finance US 9live TRENDING VIDEO Bec Judd hits back at group of women who body-shamed her Rebecca Judd has hit out at a group of ladies who body shamed her at a restaurant. Send your photos, videos and stories to 9NEWS Email contact@9news.com.au Large files 9news.wetransfer.com You can remain anonymous. Click here for more information. Auto news: GM could sell Opel to Peugeot parent - caradvice.com.au Auto news: Autonomous cars won’t kill people, but they will ‘take our jobs’ - caradvice.com.au Auto news:  What does the new American president mean for the auto industry? - caradvice.com.au Auto news: A new Hyundai ute is now on the cards - caradvice.com.au Auto news:  Buying a new car? Here are 11 things you should consider first - caradvice.com.au Career news: How to have a happy career - seek.com.au Career news: Does anyone actually read cover letters? - seek.com.au LIVE FEED Australian man given suspended sentence over girlfriend's jet ski death in Thailand Top News eight others arrested: London attacker was British-born and known to MI5 for extremist links AUSSIE VICTIM: Adelaide mum among the injured in London terror attack Cheryl Grimmer: Man charged with 1970 murder of three-year-old NSW girl Top 5 Utes! Airfares on sale NOW! Search for jobs 30 Day Free Trial Deposit $50 bet with $200* Shop Home and Garden Back to top News Breaking News World News News videos Weather Sport Wide World of Sports Cricket NRL AFL Live scores Entertainment TheFIX Latest celebrity news TV guide Daily quiz Movie times Pedestrian TV Lifestyle Fashion Diet & Fitness Viral Homes Recipes Travel Catch-up TV Married At First Sight House Husbands 60 Minutes The Bachelor U.S. 20 to One Lethal Weapon Careers Advertise with us Help Terms of use Privacy © 2017 Nine Digital Pty Ltd Feedback
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Taste Of Freedom * More Tags... Industry News * Non-profit * More Industries... News By Location * Fort Myers   Florida   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Th We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr 23 22 21 20 19 18 17 More restaurant faves sign on for a savory evening at Taste of Freedom SWFL Regional Human Trafficking Coalition enlists 15 tasty establishments     Spread the Word Listed Under Tag: * Taste Of Freedom Industry: * Non-profit Location: * Fort Myers - Florida - US Subject: * EventsFORT MYERS, Fla. - March 20, 2017 - PRLog -- Foodies will delight in a growing roster of restaurants eager to create a culinary wonderland at the second annual Taste of Freedom on Saturday, April 8 from 6 – 9:30 p.m. at Scanlon Lexus of Fort Myers, 4200 S. Tamiami Trail in Fort Myers. The Southwest Florida Regional Human Trafficking Coalition hosts this food-forward masquerade affair that also presents the opportunity to win a two-year lease on a sleek and stunning 2017 Lexus. "Unmask and Empower" is the theme as the community comes together to support the lifesaving mission of the Coalition and its community partners to raise awareness of human trafficking and celebrate the empowerment of its survivors. Fifteen restaurants have now signed up for Taste of Freedom. This fun, foodie-themed masquerade gala featuring cocktails, chef stations from a wide array of local restaurants, wine, live musical entertainment by local favorite Electric Lipstick, DJ in chefs' area by Darius Joseph and attractive adventure auction prizes. Taste of Freedom is a celebration of awareness, which is key to achieving a slave-free Southwest Florida. Florida is third in the country as a destination for human trafficking, while SW Florida claims the dubious distinction of being first in the state. While the statistics are staggering, the community enjoys a delicious opportunity to come together on April 8and make a significant difference. Again this year, Title Sponsor Scanlon Lexus of Fort Myers will award a 24-month lease on a 2017 Lexus to one lucky raffle winner, with the choice of either a 2017 NX200T or IS350. For increased chances, raffle tickets are available in advance of the event for $50 each or three for $100 at swfl-humantrafficking.org/events. Restaurants confirmed to date include Bahama Breeze, Bonefish Grill, Cantina Laredo, Crave Culinaire, Cru, DaRuMa, Ellie Bee's Bakery, Fresh Fit Foods of Naples, Indian Palace, LeeRoy Selmon's, Tarpon Bay – Hyatt Coconut Point, Noele Chocolate & Confections, Perfectly Scrumptious, Sweet Melody and Trattoria Mia. Auction items include an airplane ride and lunch with Mayor Randy Henderson, a year-long fitness membership, restaurant-and-hotel packages, an exclusive experience with the Cape Coral Police Department, a beach house weekend with a picnic-equipped Regions Bank green bike, golf packages and much more. With its service partners, the Southwest Florida Regional Trafficking Coalition raises awareness through educational seminars to first responders, law enforcement, medical ER staff, corporate training, advocacy and more. Due to increased awareness, notifications to the National Human Trafficking Hotline at 1-888-373-7888 (tel:(888)%20373-7888) have increased 50 percent in the last year alone. The Coalition has made many measurable gains since forming in 2005, making Southwest Florida the epicenter of the state's fight against this devastating crime. The inaugural Taste of Freedom featured more than $25,000 of live auction items and raised more than $34,000 in funds for the organization. Event tickets are $100 and can be purchased at SWFL-humantrafficking.org/events. Tables are available for purchase as well. All proceeds raised through the Taste of Freedom event will benefit the Southwest Florida Regional Human Trafficking Coalition. Support for Taste of Freedom allows Southwest Florida Regional Human Trafficking Coalition and its service partners to assist victims of human trafficking locally, nationally and globally. Along with title sponsor Scanlon Lexus of Fort Myers, sponsors include Dunkin's Diamonds, Platinum PEO Resources, Inc., CONRIC PR & Marketing, Card Systems, Walmart, ARC of Life, Christine Massey, Florida Academy Immokalee Casino, Cape Coral Police Department, Paul Mitchell the School – Fort Myers, WINK-TV, Zonta-Naples, among many more. For information about sponsorships or chef station opportunities for restaurants, contact coalition President Lynn Brewer at (239) 691-1128 or lynn@swfl-humantrafficking.org. About SWFL Regional Human Trafficking Coalition Southwest Florida Regional Human Trafficking Coalition strives to raise awareness of sex, labor and organ trafficking in southwest Florida and the United States. Its goal is to develop partnerships with the community, service providers, law enforcement and the media to combat human trafficking through education, coordination, outreach and training. Numerous services, through their service partners, are provided, including emergency services, shelter, mental health services, treatment plans, housing, transportation, legal assistance, medical services and hotlines on the local, state and national levels. End Source : southwest florida human trafficking coalition Email : ***@conricpr.com Phone : 2396909840 Tags : Taste Of Freedom Industry : Non-profit Location : Fort Myers - Florida - United States Subject : Events Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse CONRIC PR & Marketing | Publishing News Pre-construction opportunities are now available at Entrada Get on the bus for The Chamber of Southwest Florida's Regional Days in Tallahassee Toscana Isles in North Venice sells 65 homes in first year Registration opens for Survivor – Calusa Style spring break camp Just past its first anniversary, Westwood Place is almost sold out Trending Jefferson Parish Democratic Exec Comm (JPDEC) Announces Endorsement of Mayor John Shaddinger Tersus Environmental, LLC Enters Into Patent License for ISCR Technology Trucker Huss Attorney Eric Schillinger Contributes to BLR Federal Employment Law Insider Brooklyn Community Services Invites Volunteers to Spring into Action & Help Low-Income Brooklynites SONY Executive Joins Innovative Retail Marketing Design Company Daily News Massive Networks Expands Mixed Carrier Ethernet to Midwest - 390 views Jeffrey Elenberger, DDS, (Orthodontist) Receives 2017 Best of Rocklin Award - 381 views United Premier Soccer League Announces IFX Ballistic as Northern California Expansion Team - 372 views AFS' Jonathan Greene Named to the 2017 Food Logistics' Champions: Rock Stars of the Supply Chain - 207 views Central Presbyterian Church announces An Evening with Anne Lamott - 204 views Weekly News Dr. Tinkle Guest Edits Ehlers-Danlos Sydrome Special Supplement for American Journal of Medical Genetics - 15142 views Legendary Comedian Marty Allen Turns 95 With Lifetime Achievement Comedy Legend Award - 4110 views Geokinetics awarded a contract by Brunei Shell Petroleum to acquire a high resolution 3D survey in Brunei Darussalam - 3314 views AECOM Celebrates International Women's Day with Week-Long Festivities - 1808 views Horror Writers Association's Lifetime Achievement Award Winners for 2016 - 1758 views Daily News Massive Networks Expands Mixed Carrier Ethernet to Midwest - 390 views Jeffrey Elenberger, DDS, (Orthodontist) Receives 2017 Best of Rocklin Award - 381 views United Premier Soccer League Announces IFX Ballistic as Northern California Expansion Team - 372 views AFS' Jonathan Greene Named to the 2017 Food Logistics' Champions: Rock Stars of the Supply Chain - 207 views Central Presbyterian Church announces An Evening with Anne Lamott - 204 views Weekly News Dr. Tinkle Guest Edits Ehlers-Danlos Sydrome Special Supplement for American Journal of Medical Genetics - 15142 views Legendary Comedian Marty Allen Turns 95 With Lifetime Achievement Comedy Legend Award - 4110 views Geokinetics awarded a contract by Brunei Shell Petroleum to acquire a high resolution 3D survey in Brunei Darussalam - 3314 views AECOM Celebrates International Women's Day with Week-Long Festivities - 1808 views Horror Writers Association's Lifetime Achievement Award Winners for 2016 - 1758 views PTC News Lennar's Meadow Creek Now Open for Information - 185 views Eagle Glen Coming Soon to Lake Stevens - 183 views Peters, Wesley, Phelps Twins, WWE Superstar Randy Orton Added To Wizard World Comic Con St. Louis - 151 views Mar 20, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
WNHH Listen Online: × Sections chooseArts & CultureArchitectureBooksCrosswordsDanceDiningFilmMusicPoetryTheaterTV/RadioVisual ArtsBlack Lives MatterBusiness/ Economic DevelopmentCitizen ContributionsCity HallEnvironmentFoodGay RightsHamdenHealthHigher EdHometown HeroesHousingImmigrantsInternationalLa Voz HispanaLaborLegal WritesLGBTQMediaNanotechNeighborhoodsOpinionParksPoliticsPresidential CampaignRecessionReligionSchoolsScience/ MedicalSerialsSocial ServicesSportsState2017 sessionTransportationWedding AnnouncementsWNHH Radio Neighborhoods chooseAmity/ Beverly HillsBeaver HillsBishop Woods/ Q MeadowsCedar HillChatham SquareCity PointDixwellDowntownDwightEast RockProspect HillEdgewoodFair HavenGoatvilleJocelyn SquareKimberly SquareLong WharfMill RiverMorris CoveNewhallvilleNinth SquareQuinnipiac River VillageThe AnnexThe HeightsThe HillTrowbridge SquareUpper State StreetWest HillsWest RiverWest RockWestvilleWhalleyWooster Square Features choose1 Day, 3 Neighborhoods24 HoursCampaign 2013Campaign 2014Campaign 2015Campaign 2016Campaign 2017Chef Of The WeekCity BudgetCommuter DiaryCop of the WeekCrystal ClearCT Bus DiariesDavis Street SchoolEyeShowGardener Of The WeekJobs PipelineLook HereMade In New HavenNews From The PewsObject LessonsOccupy Wall StreetPrison DiariesRevaluationSchool ReformSuperstorm SandyTrue VoteTruth-O-MeterWinter Storm JunoWinter Storm NemoWorking Mom's Diary WNHH Radio Culture Cocktail Aliyya Swaby In Transit All of Us Artbeat Law, Life & Culture Bregamos Northern Remedy Cannoli Knish Sports Hour Chai Haven Community Spotlight Book Talk Design Czar Grounded Infrastructure Thursdays Joe Ugly Kica's Corner Literary Happy Hour LoveBabz LoveTalk Kitchen Sync Legal Eagle Markley Winfield Mayor Monday The Show Mornings With Mubarakah Norma Rodriguez | K Pasa OneWorld Presents Open For Business Out & About Dateline New Haven Restless Radio SeeClickFix Radio Urban Talk Radio At The Moment The Sam Gejdenson Show The Table Underground The Tom Ficklin Show This Day in New Haven History Tom Breen Deep Focus Valley Navel Gazing Valley Sports Rewind Follow Us NHI Newsletter Legal Notices Agency On Aging Aldermen Housing Authority City Clerk Other Probate Some Favorite Sites Aaron Kotowski At Risk for HD barista Branford Eagle Business NH Chris Volpe Photography Crosscut CT Capitol Report CT Mirror CT News Junkie CT Watchdog Design New Haven Gotham Gazette I Love New Haven Josiah Brown Karman Turn La Voz Hispana Laurel Club Media Nation Middletown Eye MinnPost My Left Nutmeg New Haven Urbanism NH Register NH Review of Books NHV.org OneWorld Only In Bridgeport Oral History Project Reddit NH Saved By Design See Click Fix Smartpill Design St. Louis Beacon Taste Of NH Valley Independent Sentinel Voice of SD VT Digger WPKN WTNH Yale Daily News Government/ Community Links ‘r Kids Family Center Agency on Aging AIDS Project NH ALIVE All Our Kin Animal Shelter Volunteers Arte Inc. Arts Council Artspace Beth El Keser Israel Big Brothers Big Sisters Bike New Haven Boys & Girls Club Cancer Support Chabad of Westville Chamber of Commerce Children’s Museum Christian Community Action City of New Haven CitySeed Citywide Youth Columbus House Community Action Agency Community Loan Fund Community Mediation ConnCAN Creative Arts Workshop CT BAEO CT Best Restaurants CT Tech Council Data Haven EcoWorks Elm City Cycling Elm Shakespeare Elmseed Empower NH Friends Of Wooster Sq. GAVA Gay Men’s Chorus GNH Community Chorus Habitat For Humanity Hill Health Center Historic Wooster Sq. Assn. Info New Haven INFO NH Calendar IRIS Jazz Haven Jewish Federation Job Finder Junta Labor History Lawyer Finder LEAP Legal Aid Network Liberty Safe Haven Life Haven Literacy Coalition Magrisso Forte Mary Wade Music Haven Neighborhood Music School New Haven 828 New Haven Chorale New Haven Farms New Haven Museum New Haven Reads New Life Corp. New Reach NH Bird Club NH Land Trust NH Symphony NH/Leon Sister City NHS On The Road To Greenness Orchard Street Shul Orchestra NE PAR Parents Available to Help Pat Dillon Peace News PechaKucha Planned Parenthood Police Promoting Enduring Peace Public Allies CT Public Library Public Schools Public Works Rainbow Girls Register Calendar REX ROOF SAMA SCRCOG SCSU Events Share Our Voices Shubert Solar Youth Soul-O-Ettes Squash Haven United Way Urban Design League Urban Resources Initiative W. Square Blossoms Water Authority West Rock Trails Westville Renaissance Westville Synagogue What Now New Haven Workforce Alliance Yale Events YMCA Youth Continuum menu Login New Haven Independent Login Form username Auto-login on future visits password Forgot your password? submit× Info & Contact About New Haven Independent Online Journalism Project Contact Site Policies Donate Donate New Haven Independent Branford Eagle Valley Independent Sentinel La Voz Search:submit NHI Info & Contact About New Haven Independent Online Journalism Project Contact Site Policies Donate Extra Extra Sections Arts & Culture Architecture Books Crosswords Dance Dining Film Music Poetry Theater TV/Radio Visual Arts Black Lives Matter Business/ Economic Development Citizen Contributions City Hall Environment Food Gay Rights Hamden Health Higher Ed Hometown Heroes Housing Immigrants International La Voz Hispana Labor Legal Writes LGBTQ Media Nanotech Neighborhoods Opinion Parks Politics Presidential Campaign Recession Religion Schools Science/ Medical Serials Social Services Sports State 2017 session Transportation Wedding Announcements WNHH Radio Neighborhoods Amity/ Beverly Hills Beaver Hills Bishop Woods/ Q Meadows Cedar Hill Chatham Square City Point Dixwell Downtown Dwight East Rock Prospect Hill Edgewood Fair Haven Goatville Jocelyn Square Kimberly Square Long Wharf Mill River Morris Cove Newhallville Ninth Square Quinnipiac River Village The Annex The Heights The Hill Trowbridge Square Upper State Street West Hills West River West Rock Westville Whalley Wooster Square Features 1 Day, 3 Neighborhoods 24 Hours Campaign 2013 Campaign 2014 Campaign 2015 Campaign 2016 Campaign 2017 Chef Of The Week City Budget Commuter Diary Cop of the Week Crystal Clear CT Bus Diaries Davis Street School EyeShow Gardener Of The Week Jobs Pipeline Look Here Made In New Haven News From The Pews Object Lessons Occupy Wall Street Prison Diaries Revaluation School Reform Superstorm Sandy True Vote Truth-O-Meter Winter Storm Juno Winter Storm Nemo Working Mom's Diary WNHH Radio Culture Cocktail Aliyya Swaby In Transit All of Us Artbeat Law, Life & Culture Bregamos Northern Remedy Cannoli Knish Sports Hour Chai Haven Community Spotlight Book Talk Design Czar Grounded Infrastructure Thursdays Joe Ugly Kica's Corner Literary Happy Hour LoveBabz LoveTalk Kitchen Sync Legal Eagle Markley Winfield Mayor Monday The Show Mornings With Mubarakah Norma Rodriguez | K Pasa OneWorld Presents Open For Business Out & About Dateline New Haven Restless Radio SeeClickFix Radio Urban Talk Radio Sharon Benzoni At The Moment The Sam Gejdenson Show The Table Underground The Tom Ficklin Show This Day in New Haven History Tom Breen Deep Focus Valley Navel Gazing Valley Sports Rewind Legal Notices Agency On Aging Board of Alders Housing Authority City Clerk Other Probate Some Favorite Sites Aaron Kotowski At Risk for HD barista Branford Eagle Business NH Chris Volpe Photography Crosscut CT Capitol Report CT Mirror CT News Junkie CT Watchdog Design New Haven Gotham Gazette I Love New Haven Josiah Brown Karman Turn La Voz Hispana Laurel Club Media Nation Middletown Eye MinnPost My Left Nutmeg New Haven Urbanism NH Register NH Review of Books NHV.org OneWorld Only In Bridgeport Oral History Project Reddit NH Saved By Design See Click Fix Smartpill Design St. Louis Beacon Taste Of NH Valley Independent Sentinel Voice of SD VT Digger WPKN WTNH Yale Daily News Government/ Community Links ‘r Kids Family Center Agency on Aging AIDS Project NH ALIVE All Our Kin Animal Shelter Volunteers Arte Inc. Arts Council Artspace Beth El Keser Israel Big Brothers Big Sisters Bike New Haven Boys & Girls Club Cancer Support Chabad of Westville Chamber of Commerce Children’s Museum Christian Community Action City of New Haven CitySeed Citywide Youth Columbus House Community Action Agency Community Loan Fund Community Mediation ConnCAN Creative Arts Workshop CT BAEO CT Best Restaurants CT Tech Council Data Haven EcoWorks Elm City Cycling Elm Shakespeare Elmseed Empower NH Friends Of Wooster Sq. GAVA Gay Men’s Chorus GNH Community Chorus Habitat For Humanity Hill Health Center Historic Wooster Sq. Assn. Info New Haven INFO NH Calendar IRIS Jazz Haven Jewish Federation Job Finder Junta Labor History Lawyer Finder LEAP Legal Aid Network Liberty Safe Haven Life Haven Literacy Coalition Magrisso Forte Mary Wade Music Haven Neighborhood Music School New Haven 828 New Haven Chorale New Haven Farms New Haven Museum New Haven Reads New Life Corp. New Reach NH Bird Club NH Land Trust NH Symphony NH/Leon Sister City NHS On The Road To Greenness Orchard Street Shul Orchestra NE PAR Parents Available to Help Pat Dillon Peace News PechaKucha Planned Parenthood Police Promoting Enduring Peace Public Allies CT Public Library Public Schools Public Works Rainbow Girls Register Calendar REX ROOF SAMA SCRCOG SCSU Events Share Our Voices Shubert Solar Youth Soul-O-Ettes Squash Haven United Way Urban Design League Urban Resources Initiative W. Square Blossoms Water Authority West Rock Trails Westville Renaissance Westville Synagogue What Now New Haven Workforce Alliance Yale Events YMCA Youth Continuum Community Policing RIP by Paul Bass | Mar 20, 2017 12:37 pm (16) Comments | Post a Comment | E-mail the Author Posted to: Legal Writes, Opinion, True Vote (Opinion) First an apology, then a prayer and a promise. As the editor of this news organization, I apologize to the New Haven police officers who were spoken to by one of our reporters in a way that exacerbated a tense situation at the scene of a bomb scare on Dec. 6. I had asked the 64-year-old reporter, David Sepulveda, who lives nearby, to hurry to the corner of Harrison Street and Whalley Avenue, where someone had left two pressure cookers on the sidewalks (pictured above). Police feared they might be explosive devices similar to the one that massacred people at the Boston Marathon. (The cookers turned out to be harmless, but police had no way of knowing that.) Officers were horrified when they saw David taking photos from across the street of the cookers. They claim he ignored them and kept taking photos. He says he immediately started moving toward them the moment he heard them. As David walked toward them, he told them to “chill out” and “relax,” according to a newly released police internal affairs (IA) investigatory report of the incident. David says he told them to “calm down” because they were yelling at him and he wanted to let them know he was heeding their demand and walking toward them. David is a diligent reporter with great respect for the police. He was doing his job right. In retrospect, he should have more clearly and without impatience in his voice stated what he intended: “I’m coming. I’m obeying your order.” The officers believed that our reporter had put both his life — and because they believed they needed to retrieve him — their lives at risk. Two of the officers, members of the bomb squad, were delayed a few potentially vital moments in their efforts to take X-ray photos of the devices. When police are handling tense situations, especially ones involving potential loss of life, we need to be extra careful to communicate clearly so as not to delay or hamper their efforts. We need to be extra careful to keep in mind their need to maintain order and control. We don’t tell them to “calm down” or “relax” when they’re trying to keep people from dying. If we disagree with their orders or actions, we can wait until afterward to pursue the complaint. We have always had that policy at the Independent. I have reinforced it to our staff since this incident. I don’t blame the officers on the scene for fearing for their lives in that situation, for not yet knowing that the police had incompletely cordoned off the scene, and for concluding that David had put their lives in danger. And if for a second or two they couldn’t hear him well or he couldn’t hear them well, I don’t blame either party for misunderstanding. That’s no crime, after all. Or is it? An Investigation There are good reasons to take extra care to demonstrate compliance and reassurance to cops at a crime scene. One reason: They have an important job to do without having to worry about keeping other people away from danger. Another reason: Cops, especially in tense situations, can overreact to perceived rudeness or “arrogance” and then seek retaliation. Sometimes they’ll even handcuff you, trump up arrest charges, steal your property in contradiction of both the U.S. Constitution and their own department’s rules — and then have their actions whitewashed and excused by a police department unwilling to police itself. That happens every day to black and brown people in America, sometimes with deadly consequences. And that is what happened on Dec. 6, with less severe but still serious consequences, after officers shepherded David from the scene. Angry at him, they retaliated and misused their authority. They handcuffed him and locked him in a cruiser a block away. They took his possessions, including his notebook and camera, and set them aside at the cruiser, as is normal procedure. But then a supervisor at the scene, Sgt. Renee Dominguez, subsequently took the camera and whisked it away, without permission, without a warrant — with a stated intention of preserving evidence that would prove David committed a misdemeanor. The cops couldn’t charge David with rudeness, or to use Dominguez’s complaint in the IA report, “arrogance.” They charged David instead with “interfering” (cop speak for “We’re mad at you and want to charge you with a crime, and we can count on state prosecutors to back us up in court”) and with “trespassing.” That’s why internal affairs investigated the incident. The police chief ordered the investigation after an article on this site raised questions about it — in light of the department’s claim that it practices a form of community policing that emphasizes “de-escalating” conflicts rather than seeing arrests as a first resort; and in light of seven years’ worth of controversies involving New Haven cops wrongly grabbing cameras, leading top cops to resign, victims to be paid settlements, and the department to promise to rewrite its general orders and retrain its officers. The internal affairs investigation took three months. The cops who prepared it — smart, honest, dedicated cops — produced a thorough, fair, and accurate report. (Click here to read a full news story on the report.) The report produced damning evidence about the officers’ actions and reporting not during the initial encounter with David, but following it: • It provided evidence that Sgt. Dominguez either didn’t understand or failed to follow the department’s latest version of the general order on cameras. She states in the report that she took David’s camera for one reason alone: she “believed that the camera might have captured the evidence of the criminal charges he was being charged with of ‘interfering with an officer and Trespassing.’”  A supervisor confirmed to IA that Dominguez gave that reason. As the IA report notes, cops may seize cameras only in cases of serious crimes and extreme danger. The police department has promised publicly, and in a court-approved consent decree, to drive that point home to its cops. The cops still don’t understand that point. • The report also confirms what I saw when I arrived at the scene after David’s arrest: that, contrary to police claims that they had to arrest David for “trespassing” because he had walked past a blocked-off area, cops had failed to tape off Harrison Street, from when he came. (They did tape off Whalley Avenue at Blake and Emerson streets.) In fact, the report states that not just David, but other “pedestrians” were walking down Harrison toward the scene. The arresting officer’s report of the incident claimed that all areas had been cordoned off. But the IA report quotes a fire lieutenant stating that he eventually put up tape himself on the street to prevent people from passing through after he noticed the gap and the foot traffic. • The original police arrest report also claimed that cops only “later” learned that Sepulveda is a reporter, after handcuffing him and throwing him in the cruiser. The IA report shows that that’s just plain untrue. Dominguez and another officer are quoted confirming what David himself said: He wore a press tag around his neck. And he immediately identified himself as a reporter when the officers approached him. The report creates a further wrinkle that casts suspicion on the police “trespassing” claim, even if one accepts the bogus and dangerous argument that police should have turned a ten-second misunderstanding into a criminal charge in the first place. David says he encountered one cop en route to the scene, halfway down Harrison Street. He says he told the cop he had come to photograph the devices. He says the cop pointed him to the devices and then allowed him to pass through. He says he spoke for a while with that officer. Got his name. That officer had never come forward before the investigation. The police report didn’t quote him. But when IA interviewed the officer, it turned out that David was correct in stating that that very officer had in fact been at that spot. So David wasn’t making that up. The officer told IA he couldn’t remember encountering David. He told IA he didn’t notice anyone passing by him. He “suddenly” happened to notice someone taking pictures down the block at one point. Just for the sake of argument let’s accept the officer’s claim of memory loss. (Although cops aren’t usually impressed by people telling them they “forgot” what happened. If those people aren’t other cops.) Even then, this report by the one officer who was the only police presence blocking David’s path to the scene would seem to extinguish any remain basis for supporting a criminal “trespassing” charge. So based on all this new evidence, the police department ruled that its officers ... did nothing wrong at all. The report “cleared” and “exonerated” them. It sent a message that it was fine to arrest a reporter in this instance and take his camera. A Whitewash How could that be? Because, in the interest of protecting its officers rather than acknowledging a mistake, the department decided to turn all of IA’s solidly collected evidence into vehicles to excuse and cover up its officers’ actions. The report reveals that a supervisor eventually told Dominguez to return the camera to David and ask his consent to see the photos on it. She obeyed that order. She returned to the car. While David remained handcuffed and facing criminal charges, she asked for permission to take his camera’s memory card. He had the presence of mind to shake his head no. Then she asked him to see the photos. He said OK. To Assistant Chief Luiz Casanova, who oversees both IA and training at the department, that is evidence that Dominguez acted properly. Never mind that she failed to follow a general order in the first place. The fact that she subsequently didn’t commit insubordination to her supervisor somehow changes that. Then the fact that she tried to compel a handover of a memory card — a fact actually omitted from the report — from a handcuffed arrestee somehow further changes that, rather than compound her arrogant misuse of power. Casanova — the top cop directly responsible for training the force in the general order on cameras —  offered an even more novel legal interpretation, appended to the end of the IA report, to exonerate Dominguez. Sure, she outright violated the spirit and the letter of the general order. But if she had come up with a different interpretation, he argued, she would have had a right to take the camera: She could have argued that she needed the photos as crucial evidence of potentially explosive devices. That’s a “serious” crime. Set aside for a second the absurdity of the argument that she might have needed David’s photos to help with the investigation into the incendiary devices. (It’s absurd because the bomb team was getting close-up X-ray photos of those devices.) Dominguez never made that argument, at least according to the report. The IA report doesn’t quote her or anyone else claiming she made that argument. And even if she had made that argument as well, she, a supervisor of other cops, was still demonstrated to be either in ignorance or in defiance of a cardinal part of the department’s policies. To the top cop responsible for training and enforcement of that order, it’s good enough (in his contorted interpretation) that she could have theoretically seized David’s camera for a better reason. Good enough for the New Haven Police Department. Case closed. Solid police work. Four months after this incident, David’s charges are still pending. He faces up to a year in jail. A Problem   This whitewash of an otherwise superb investigatory job by the internal affairs division is a big deal, for the police department and for New Haven, for numerous reasons. First, It sends a dangerous message to cops: You can violate citizens’ rights and general orders, and top cops will cover up for you. You can get angry at citizens and retaliate against them, and get away with it. The police had reason to be angry. They didn’t have good reason to handcuff, detain, and arrest a reporter. I saw firsthand how Dominguez was retaliating against David. I arrived and (contrary to what an officer states in the IA report) was granted permission to enter a blocked-off area, escorted by an officer. I approached Dominguez. I knew only the police side of the story at that point (I wasn’t allowed to speak with David), but based on that I apologized to her for the inconvenience David had caused her officers. She glared at me, eyes wide, livid. She wouldn’t speak. I asked if I could speak with David. She stormed off to the cruiser to grab his camera. At a time when her officers were dealing with a potential deadly explosion a block away that could have blown up a library and a synagogue, Dominguez decided to waste a half hour gathering evidence to build a case to support a misdemeanor charge against a reporter who, as she put it in the IA report, had acted in an “arrogant” way. Police officials have repeatedly said they instruct their cops to de-escalate confrontations and to use arrest as only a last resort. They did the opposite here. And the assistant chief in charge of training and internal affairs publicly condones it. If one of their district managers couldn’t resolve this situation without resorting to an arrest, then she can’t in any meaningfully way de-escalate any truly challenging situation. And the police department has now for seven years repeatedly taken citizens’ cameras in violation of its own rules and the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. It has been unable to stop, despite promises to do so. A public that can’t hold cops accountable can’t trust the cops either. Police can’t do their jobs if the public can’t trust them. A Pattern Dominguez’s failure either to understand or to obey the rules for seizing cameras is the department’s failure. It is an indictment of the department’s top brass. It has repeatedly promised to train all officers in the rule. It has failed to do so. When officers break the rule, it does not hold them accountable. The last chief twice failed to do so, after one sergeant arrested a woman and seized her camera after she recorded him brutalizing a handcuffed suspect; and after a captain slapped a cellphone out of the hand of a Walmart shopper who recorded a dispute with her. Those are only some of the numerous reported incidents. Many other incidents haven’t been reported — either because the victims told me they were too scared of the violent cops involved to go public; or, in the case of our own reporters, because a former chief, James Lewis, put a stop to the officers’ outrageous behavior. That chief is long gone, and for seven years his successors have failed to follow his example. Sepulveda’s case, while serious, is only the latest, and hardly the most egregious, example of this ongoing departmental failure. Examples that keep cropping up. • Assistant Chief Ariel Melendez, had to retire from the force in the wake of a devastating internal affairs report revealed she violated department policies in arresting a citizen for video-recording police, then ordering the memory on the citizen’s camera wiped clean, then lying about it.. The incident in question occurred in 2010, the release of the report and Melendez’s departure (with a $124,500 a year pension) in 2011. The department wrote a new general order. It told cops that except in rare circumstances, they can’t take people’s cameras. They trained officers at the academy in the new order. • Despite the new order, in 2012 an officer who was brutalizing a handcuffed suspect noticed a bystander recording his actions with a cellphone. He arrested her and seized her phone. The police chief at the time said he couldn’t discipline the officer based on the general order, because he considered the general order poorly drafted. (He did discipline the officer, who subsequently retired, for excessive force in the handling of the other arrestee in the case.) • An attorney in both cases, the late Diane Polan, filed suit against the city on behalf of both citizens. The city settled the suit by paying $31,500 and making a promise in a consent decree to rewrite the general order and train officers in it. • It took years to make a minor tweak in the order to rewrite it. • Department brass continued to look the other way as officers violated citizens’ rights. In 2014, a high-ranking cop slapped a cellphone to the ground in a Wal-Mart parking lot when a citizen video-recorded her in a dispute; then, according to an internal investigation, she lied about it. She wasn’t disciplined. She was promoted. • At a tense scene outside a liquor store on Whalley in 2016, officers demanded that a distraught woman named Tyeisha Hellamns, a friend of an arrestee, back up from the scene while she took video. She refused. So they escorted her away. Instead of de-escalating the situation — in the style of special training brass made a public show of bringing to the department — the officer swore at and threatened the woman, took away her phone, and arrested her. The officer had a legal right to arrest her. She had “interfered.” He also had the ability not to arrest her. The officer’s harsh treatment of the woman — watch it in the above video and see if you consider it “de-escalation”  —  violated New Haven’s stated policy of how to interact with the public, a crucial part of either building or losing trust with the public. He arrested Hellamns to make a point: He was mad. She was too close to the action in using her camera and needed to be escorted away, and she was going to pay. Don’t call it revenge or retaliation or escalation, at least in court. Call it “interfering.” (By the way, I question how police define “too close.” Sometimes it seems “too close” means “close enough to see anything.” If Hellamns had been allowed to continue taking the video, people would have learned earlier and with independent evidence that the police were engaging in trying to subdue a man who was fighting them.) New Haven’s police chief, Dean Esserman, at the time spent days defending the officer and yelled at a reporter at length for asking about it. He finally acknowledged that the woman shouldn’t have been arrested (though he made no public statements about it). He did not take any action against the officer. A Changing Landscape These failures present the city with a challenge at a precarious moment. A new era of protest has begun in New Haven, as it has nationwide. In its early stages, the police have been revealed to be ill-prepared to handle it. A couple of protests have gotten out of hand, and, especially in a Feb. 4 incident in which local cops teamed up with state cops, the cops lost control, acted violently, and falsely arrested people. The state cops were the major ones at fault there, along with a decision by protest leaders to close a state road without permission. But the city cops were caught unaware of the situation, and then joined in the alleged misbehavior. They threw an unarmed, nonviolent protester named Nathan Blair to the ground on Church Street, causing a concussion, and arrested him on charges that he has challenged in court. (Stay tuned for the trial; the police themselves are sticking by the arrest.) The police will seek public support in coming weeks to spend money on new anti-riot equipment and training to handle protests. The continued failure to police themselves, to acknowledge mistakes, and to respect public rights will make that sale more challenging. It will be harder to convince the public that the cops don’t intend to detain us, retaliate against us, prevent us from recording their actions, that much more easily. Now more than ever top cops need to publicly acknowledge mistakes and hold officers accountable — not whitewash investigations and make excuses. The department has been unprepared for the related civil-liberties challenge of responding quickly to revelations produced by social media and the ubiquity of cellphone cameras. That became clear in 2015 when a viral video showed an officer slammed a handcuffed 15-year-old girl to the ground near the St. Patrick’s Day Parade and sent her to the hospital. The police chief was out of the country at the time; Luiz Casanova was in charge of this matter in his stead. For a full week, as criticism mounted and demonstrators protested and basic questions remained unanswered, not a single top cop came forward to address the public, provide basic information to the press, or meet with the family or concerned citizens. Instead top brass hid from the community. Never mind “community policing.” That’s police community relations 101 for the modern era. A free press is one of the last bulwarks against threats to public freedoms. It is one of the civic institutions able to hold government power accountable. People in New Haven are upset that a new U.S. president has threatened to retaliate against reporters and protesters and turn the clock back on civil rights and civil liberties. People in New Haven hold marches against that. Meanwhile their own police department is already doing what Donald Trump is promising to do. We no longer have a U.S. Justice Department Civil Rights Division promising to hold local police departments accountable for mistreating its citizens. With the whitewash of the IA report, Assistant Chief Casanova has limited Interim Chief Anthony Campbell’s options for tackling this problem. He has handed Campbell, his rival for the permanent chief’s position, a metaphorical meal best described in a classic scene in the television series The Wire. Thanks to this report, if Campbell were to seek to reprimand or suspend Dominguez or other officers, he’d face potential legal problems — because his own department’s IA investigation cleared them. He’d also face a revolt from the rank and file. But if he takes no action, he reinforces a dangerous message of unaccountability, of a department that has declared war on reporters and protesters and given up any pretense of true community policing. Like his predecessors, he would de facto bless these kinds of retaliatory, trumped-up arrests and blatant defiance by a supervisor of a general order. This moment presents a test of his leadership. He needs to deliver a clear message to his cops and to the public that it does not condone the kind of behavior Sgt. Dominguez and her officers engaged in on Dec. 6. A Prayer & A Promise I pray that our police department’s leaders can find their way. That the police department can learn to police itself. That it can gain our trust. For the beat cops’ sake. And for our sake. We still have a force full of dedicated, caring, talented officers who want to prevent and solve crimes. It’s not their fault that successive administrations at 1 Union Ave. have let them, and us, down. Let’s stop pretending we’re different from other cities, that our police brass trains and holds its officers accountable for an approach called “community policing.” We have for years had true community policing in word only in New Haven, not in deed. We tried to revive it in recent years, but a compromised chief’s personal misbehavior prevented him from enforcing it. The military mindset beat back efforts at reform. We have an army, not a community police force. They catch crooks. Period. Don’t dare question their actions or their approach. That’s “arrogance.” That’s not “letting them do their job.” And if the soldiers believe you are looking at them the wrong way, you will pay. They won’t. Without the expectations contained in the “community policing” moniker, maybe we can just appreciate the hard work our officers do every day, risking their lives in the course of their jobs, and hold their bosses accountable for insisting that officers follow the law and the department’s own rules. Maybe we can forever bury the “community policing” label and explore an alternative suggested in the 2013 mayoral campaign: “legitimacy policing.” If we have an army, let’s at least make it an army that must respond to rules and civilian control. What we can’t do is fall for the old “let’s study this” feint. Assistant Chief Casanova has promised to review department policies in light of David’s arrest and the camera grab. He might even edit some of the policies. He spoke of more “training.” His predecessors said the same each time they failed to prepare their officers or hold them accountable for grabbing cameras or mistreated citizen protesters or camera wielders. Most recently top cops made the same promise after a mayoral task force identified the problem once more as part of a “community policing 2.0” report. The police have already rewritten this order at 1 Union Ave. They’ve held training. The problem is the top brass’s failure to enforce it. In the meantime, maybe it’s time finally to constitute the Civilian Review Board that voters approved in a 2013 charter referendum. The charter now says the city should have one. Alders have spent three years “working” on it. Time to show results. And those police body cameras the department plans to order by June 30 can’t come too soon. Experience has shown that footage from those cameras often exonerates unfairly accused cops (as in the above video captured in Branford). It can also reveal deadly cases of misconduct that otherwise would never come to light. Despite the sanctioned misconduct and abuse of power by the New Haven Police Department, we at the Independent will continue to do our job. For years officers have threatened us with arrest for photographing them in action. (In one case an officer actually stood by our reporter until he obeyed an order to delete shots from his camera. I’ve been personally threatened several times.) Their intimidation tactics will never succeed. Politely, respectfully, we will continue watching and recording and reporting their actions — their daily victories, and their occasional mistakes. Tags: police misconduct, whitewashing, civil liberties, community policing Your Email: Subject: Message: 
Sent: Mar 23, 2017  9:21 am Please enter the word you see in the image below: submit × Share this story with others. Share | Post a Comment You must be logged in to comment If you already have an account, please log in here | If not, please . Comments posted by: fountainst on March 20, 2017  1:22pm How about devoting some of this outrage and investigative reporting toward the investigation regarding allegations of widespread cheating and collusion by members of the NHPD command staff on the recent sergeants’ promotional exam? posted by: T-ski1417 on March 20, 2017  1:36pm Excuse my language but cut the crap. Your reporter knew damn well that he was in a area that he should not have been regardless if there was crime scene tape up or not, being that he was a veteran reporter/photographer. He knew what type of call the police were on, I’m sure the bomb suit was a dead give away.  You actually think that he was going to get a warm reception from a bomb tech that had to lift up her protective shield to tell him to leave and have him reply “chill out”.  You must be out of your mind. I’m all for police oversight but this is a clear case of the media overstepping and getting called on it. You want it both ways but your not going to have it that way. If you want it for police then be prepared to be held to the same standard not one that suits your narrative. posted by: Dwightstreeter on March 20, 2017  2:46pm The outstanding issue in all the incidents covered in all these stories involving police aggression is the lack of a process to have their actions evaluated by an independent entity and a way of holding accountable those who violate policy or law. Police bullying goes on because the command does not want to take on the union, nor do the politicians who appoint the command. No doubt David Hartman’s PR office will put out a sanitized version of events to vindicate any and all action the NHPD has ever taken from the beginning of time to the end of the universe, but there must be civilian control of our increasingly militarized local police. They will soon be outfitted with riot gear and state of the art weaponry thanks to Homeland Security’s bloated budget. It can only get worse! The NHI demonstrates the best of journalism, especially at the local level, which has almost disappeared every where else. To quote a protest cry: The people united will never be defeated. posted by: streever on March 20, 2017  3:08pm It is sad to see nothing has changed, and that anonymous individuals still defend clearly wrong behavior by NHPD officers. Lying in an investigation is wrong, regardless of how ‘right’ the officers were. When I was choked, body slammed, and dragged by an officer who damaged my clothing, my bike, and injured me, the police later claimed I had been choked and slammed to the ground for my own ‘protection’; the Internal Affairs officer threatened to arrest me for “trespassing” when I entered his office for my scheduled meeting. Some of the names in this story have long abused members of the public; they have been promoted and now promise fairness and justice. I do not think New Haven will get a community-oriented police department until these individuals are fired and the Mayor starts standing up for the citizens. Very disappointing. posted by: Sohores on March 20, 2017  4:38pm Regardless if this is Casanova’s fault or Dominguez, the fact is fault lies with the Chief of Police. There is no leadership or direction, which is why you have these issues. I am so sick of hearing about Casanova and Campbell. Each is trying to sabatoge each others running in the Chief search.  Its obvious that these are two immature officers that are trying to lead officers!! posted by: alphabravocharlie on March 20, 2017  6:19pm I hope you feel better now Paul. posted by: cunningham on March 20, 2017  6:35pm tl;dr: ACAB posted by: southwest on March 21, 2017  12:57am You are so on target Paul Bass…why is it they always referred to training when they screw up…it actually has nothing to do with training because they had to be trained in legal issues to be promoted and graduate from the academy ...that’s always their out for incompetent and when officers break the law..reasons supervisors don’t want to discipline then is they can let the cat out of the bag of their prior screw ups..how can you discipline a subordinate when you have done the same thing or worse and they no about it.. just saying .. posted by: Brutus2011 on March 21, 2017  3:12am I support a free press as an essential participant in the free marketplace of ideas. The NHI is doing its job. Thank you. posted by: budman on March 21, 2017  8:08am Again. We need a real police chief. Someone from the outside. Someone who can make our police force even better. Someone who can lead. Someone who has experience. posted by: vpaul on March 21, 2017  9:00am Bravo, Paul! Once again you’ve hit the nail on the head. There needs to be some Department leadership that reminds these public servants that arrogance and high-handedness does not take the place of diligence and responsibility. posted by: thecove on March 21, 2017  12:17pm While I will reserve comment on the main content contained within this article, I will say it is way past the time to appoint a new chief in New Haven.  The department needs direction.  What are you waiting for Mayor? posted by: Noteworthy on March 21, 2017  1:10pm Public Couch Time Notes: 1. This is what’s called cyber print therapy on the public couch. 2. It’s in vogue right now for news organizations and personalities to make themselves the victims and report how they’re mistreated. This is misguided. This approach puts the media in the story. They story should not be about the media. 3. I got the apology part - but failed to recognize the prayer or the promise. 4. Now that we feel better - let’s all sing the Barney Song - “I love you You love me We’re a happy family With a great big hug and a kiss from me to you. Won’t you say you love me too I love you You love me We’re best friends like friends should be With a great big hug and a kiss from me to you. Won’t you say you love me too posted by: EPDP on March 21, 2017  2:33pm Is this the Manifesto of Pussy Hat Reporter Paul Bass?  Give me a break!  What’s with the apology?  You have nothing to apologize for.  You might as well apologize that humans have not evolved much since they started walking on two feet.  And what’s with the prayer?  I would rather you use your prayers for something useful, like reducing world hunger and ending global cooling.  Noteworthy is correct, for a change, this is nothing more than Paul Bass on the therapy couch.  The next thing you know Paul Bass will invite readers into his little office on Elm Street for a group hug.  And what’s with the promise to report on the cops “daily victories” and “occasional mistakes?”  The only daily victories these cops have is keeping the Yale bubble safe for the trustfundafarians, while the rest of the peasants fight it out in the Wild West.  But you can’t blame the cops for that, blame the politicians.  Take off that pussy hat and start acting like a mentsch Paul Bass, like the old Paul Bass from 1998.  You know what I am talking about Mr. Bass. posted by: The Rock on March 21, 2017  3:26pm @sohores@budman@thecove: All of you are so correct. This spectacle lies with the Chief of Police.  How could the New Haven Police Department not be prepared for a protest?  Now they decide to order riot gear? Unbelievable.  I wonder if this whole Police Chief search is all smoke and mirrors and they will just appoint Campbell.  The Mayor definitely needs to go in another direction. posted by: Mario Cerame on March 23, 2017  7:47am Thank you again, Paul, for your thoughtful work and vigilance on this issue. Events Calendar loading… SeeClickFix » Volume of Sirens Jan 13, 2017 7:54 am Address: 302-324 College Street New Haven, Connecticut Rating: 7 I recently moved from Manhattan to New Haven and was shocked (and a little...more » Graffiti Jan 13, 2017 6:24 am Address: 219 Sherman Ave New Haven, CT 06511, USA Rating: 1 Old $ PosterWallAdd your Poster News Feeds N.H.I. RSS 2.0 Feed N.H.I. Atom Feed Sponsors N.H.I. Site Design & Development smartpill design ©2005 – 2017 New Haven Independent site: smartpilldesign
Search Contact Us Make My Homepage Sign In | Sign Up Home News Laramie News Wyoming News UW and WyoTech Events Events List Submit Your Event Rewards Join Laramie Rewards Contests Help: Laramie Rewards Support Win Stuff $200 Visa Gift Card $100 Target Gift Card Breville Juice Fountain Cold Juicer GoPro HERO5 Vacation Bundle Dyson Ball Upright Vacuum Apple iPad Air 2 $200 Amazon Gift Card Char-Broil Gas Grill Weather Weather Forecast Road Conditions Closings & Delays WYDOT Road Closures Highway Webcams Contact Feedback Advertise with Us Laramie Rewards Support Staff Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube subscribe via RSSTip Us What’s Hot: Ask The City Submit An Event WyoLotto Numbers Laramie Rewards Support Wyoming Conservation Corps Updates Glass Recycling Dates By Sara Teter March 20, 2017 10:40 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Tracie Perkins/Townsquare Media Laramie residents looking to recycle their glass will have more opportunities this spring. The Wyoming Conservation Corps have added more glass recycling dates for spring 2017. The WCC has added April 8th and 9th from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. to the list of dates that they will collect glass for recycling. That collection will take place in the Walmart parking lot. The new date is added to the corps original glass collection dates, announced in December 2016 after the corps had reached it fundraising goals. The corps will be collecting glass this weekend, March 25th and 26th in the Walmart parking lot, as well as on April 21st in Simpson’s Plaza as part of the University of Wyoming’s Earth Day Celebration. Traffic Sensors-Ask the City Filed Under: Glass | Recycling | Wyoming Conservation Corps. Laramie Category: Laramie News | News | Wyoming News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! Laramie Live on Facebook Prizes + Rewards $200 Visa Gift Card $200 towards spring cleaning with a $200 Visa Gift Card! $100 Target Gift Card Enter to win a $100 Target Gift Card! Breville Juice Fountain Cold... Get your juice on with a Breville Juice Fountain Cold Juicer See More Laramie Events Today’s Forecast 27° F Humidity: 81% Wind Speed: SE 10 MPH Barometer: 29.75" Dewpoint: 22°F (-6°C) Visibility: 10 mi. Clear Windy, afternoon showers developing View 5 Day Forecast EEO Public File Advertise on Laramie Live Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Laramie Business Listings Welcome back to Laramie Rewards It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Laramie Rewards It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://laramielive.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Laramie Rewards (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Laramie Rewards brought to you by: Sign up for Laramie Rewards Register Now Sign up for Laramie Rewards quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Laramie Rewards brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Laramie Rewards contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Laramie Rewards brought to you by: Laramie Live Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Kevadiya Selects ORBCOMM to Provide Telematics Solution for Department of Veterans Affairs Enables efficient navigation, dispatch and trip monitoring for patient transport to VA medical facilities March 20, 2017 11:53 AM Eastern Daylight Time ROCHELLE PARK, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ORBCOMM Inc. (Nasdaq:ORBC), a leading global provider of Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IoT) solutions, today announced that Kevadiya Inc. (Kevadiya) selected ORBCOMM to provide satellite and cellular communications services and asset tracking and monitoring devices in support of the Veterans Transportation Service (VTS) provided by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). The VA recently extended the VTS program based on the success of the ORBCOMM-Kevadiya telematics solution. In 2015, Kevadiya, one of Michigan’s top full-spectrum cloud and mobile computing solution providers to the government, healthcare, manufacturing, and consumer market segments, was originally awarded VA contract number VA741-15-C-0008 for a base year and two option years, which will equip approximately 1,200 vehicles when fully deployed. The combined Kevadiya and ORBCOMM solution for the VTS provides comprehensive routing, scheduling and trip history for vans and shuttle buses used to transport veterans in need of transportation assistance to VA medical facilities for healthcare appointments. Kevadiya utilizes the ORBCOMM SG-7100 cellular gateway and IDP-280 satellite modem to track and monitor the VTS vehicles. Both of these robust ORBCOMM devices are connected to a Samsung tablet hosting the Kevadiya mobile fleet application used by the driver, offering dual-mode communications coverage nationwide. The VTS has equipped approximately half of its vehicles with the ORBCOMM-Kevadiya solution to date. The VTS program was created to provide veterans with an established and high-quality transportation network that will ensure they get to their healthcare appointments and receive the care they have earned. Many of the veterans utilizing this service are elderly, have visual impairments or have been immobilized due to disease or disability and are living in remote and rural areas, which can make travel to the VA medical facilities very difficult. Through this solution, ORBCOMM and Kevadiya provide the VTS dispatch team with complete visibility into the location and status of their vehicle fleet, while enabling efficient navigation, routing, driver management and scheduling of patient pick-ups and drop-offs along with enhanced security. “We are pleased to have been selected by Kevadiya to support the VTS program and look forward to continuing to provide a valuable transportation service for those who have honorably served our country,” said Marc Eisenberg, ORBCOMM’s Chief Executive Officer. “This important project has enabled ORBCOMM to further expand into the government services market and help the VA run its VTS operation more efficiently by leveraging our reliable communications networks and high-performance on-board and mobile telematics systems.” “ORBCOMM’s vast industry expertise in transportation along with its advanced telematics devices are critical to the overall solution delivered to VTS and make them a great partner for this program,” said Nilesh Patel, PhD, Vice President of Engineering for Kevadiya, Inc. “Having the ability to optimize veteran transportation, know locations of VTS vehicles, respond rapidly to issues, and provide reporting and trip analysis has greatly benefited the Department of Veterans Affairs. The VA’s extension of our contract speaks to the success of the program thus far.” About ORBCOMM Inc. ORBCOMM Inc. (Nasdaq: ORBC) is a leading global provider of Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IoT) solutions and the only commercial satellite network dedicated to M2M. ORBCOMM’s unique combination of global satellite, cellular and dual-mode network connectivity, hardware, web reporting applications and software is the M2M industry’s most complete service offering. Our solutions are designed to remotely track, monitor, and control fixed and mobile assets in core vertical markets including transportation & distribution, heavy equipment, industrial fixed assets, oil & gas, maritime, mining and government. With nearly 20 years of innovation and expertise in M2M, ORBCOMM has more than 1.72 million subscribers with a diverse customer base including premier OEMs such as Caterpillar Inc., Doosan Infracore America, Hitachi Construction Machinery Co., Ltd., John Deere, Komatsu Ltd., and Volvo Construction Equipment, as well as end-to-end solutions customers such as C&S Wholesale, Canadian National Railways, CR England, Hub Group, KLLM Transport Services, Marten Transport, Swift Transportation, Target, Tropicana, Tyson Foods, Walmart and Werner Enterprises. For more information, visit www.orbcomm.com. About Kevadiya Inc. Kevadiya Inc. (KVD) was born out of a drive to meet computing challenges with creative solutions that deliver outstanding results. We have built a variety of government and commercial applications and have extensive experience with front-end, back-end and full stack designs and implementations. KVD is one of Michigan’s top full-spectrum cloud and mobile computing solution and service providers. KVD has built its reputation by commitment to providing quality engineering products and services, while adapting to rapidly transforming information technologies for innovative, intelligent and secure solutions. Always staying abreast of cutting-edge technologies, KVD has built success through superior customer engagement and satisfaction. For more information, visit www.kevadiya.com. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements discussed in this press release constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements generally relate to our plans, objectives and expectations for future events and include statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, intentions, assumptions and other statements that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking statements, including those concerning the Company’s expectations, are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from the results, projected, expected or implied by the forward-looking statements, some of which are beyond the Company’s control, that may cause the Company’s actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition, specific consideration should be given to various factors described in Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” and Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other documents, on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements or cautionary factors, except as required by law. Contacts For Investors: ORBCOMM Inc. Michelle Ferris, +1-703-433-6516 Director of Corporate Communications ferris.michelle@orbcomm.com or For Trade Media: ORBCOMM Inc. Sue Rutherford, +1-613-254-5269 VP of Marketing rutherford.sue@orbcomm.com Contacts For Investors: ORBCOMM Inc. Michelle Ferris, +1-703-433-6516 Director of Corporate Communications ferris.michelle@orbcomm.com or For Trade Media: ORBCOMM Inc. Sue Rutherford, +1-613-254-5269 VP of Marketing rutherford.sue@orbcomm.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Target to open a new store across from Macy's flagship New York City location - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Erie News Now is seeking to resolve negotiation with DirecTV Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Target to open a new store across from Macy's flagship New York City location Posted: Monday, March 20, 2017 11:22 AM EDT Updated: Monday, March 20, 2017 12:22 PM EDT An exterior photograph of a Target store in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Amazon is suing an executive who recently left the company to go to work for Target, charging that his move violates his contract's non-compete clause. An exterior photograph of a Target store in Martinsburg, Virginia. By Chris Isidore NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Call it the new Miracle on 34th Street -- a department store chain actually announced plans Monday to open a new store there. Target said Monday it will open a new store on 34th Street, directly across from Macy's flagship New York City location. The move comes at a troubled time for the department store sector, as online competition from site such as Amazon pressure traditional retailers. Macy's announced in January plans to close 68 stores nationwide and cut 10,000 jobs. Last month Hudson Bay, the owner of Saks and Lord & Taylor made a bid for Macy's, a source told CNNMoney at that time. But since then it's been reported that Hudson Bay is now bidding for another troubled department store chain, Neiman Marcus, which said last week it is considering a sale of the company. JCPenney recently announced it's closing 138 stores, while Sears Holdings said it's closing 150 Sears and Kmart locations. Target's new Herald Square store will be 43,000-square foot and is due to open in October 2017. While that may sound big, it's actually considered a "small format" store by the retailer. Most Target stores are typically about 130,000-square feet. Macy's flagship store, at 1.1 million square feet, will be more than 25 times larger than its new neighbor. It's not just Target moving in on Macy's Herald Square territory. Nordstrom announced plans to open a Nordstrom Rack store a few blocks south of the area just last month. Macy's has always had neighborhood competition. For decades its primary competitor, now-defunct Gimbels, had its own large flagship store in Herald Square, while JCPenney still has a Herald Square location. Target is the nation's second largest department store chain behind Walmart. It already has two other Manhattan stores and has announced plans for two additional stores beyond the Herald Square location. Although it's faring better most troubled retailers, it's had its own problems as well. Last week it reported a disappointing earnings report and gave a gloomy outlook for 2017. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Skip to main content DONATE SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Search form Search Thursday, March 23, 2017 Home World War & Peace Economy Climate Rights Solutions U.S. Canada The 'Morally Obscene' Trump Budget Repeal & Ruin Trump Resistance Top Trump Aide Accused of Breaking Criminal Conflict of Interest Law Published on Tuesday, March 14, 2017 by Common Dreams Top Trump Aide Accused of Breaking Criminal Conflict of Interest Law 'This marks the latest in an already too-long list' of potential violations, says ethics watchdog by Deirdre Fulton, staff writer 0 Comments Another member of President Donald Trump's inner circle may have blurred ethical lines, this time by breaking criminal conflict of interest laws. Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW) filed a complaint Tuesday with White House counsel Don McGhan, accusing assistant to the president and director of strategic initiatives Christopher Liddell of improperly participating in meetings that took place between Trump and companies in which Liddell held millions of dollars in stock.  According to CREW: Criminal law prohibits a federal employee like Liddell from participating personally and substantially in any particular matter to which, to his knowledge, he has a financial interest. On January 23rd, Liddell participated with Trump in a meeting with business leaders from 12 companies, including 10 in which Liddell appears to have held stock worth approximately $2.1 million: Arconic, Corning, Dell Technologies, Dow Chemical, Ford Motor Co., International Paper, Johnson & Johnson, Lockheed Martin, Tesla Motors, and Whirlpool. The next day, he and Trump held a meeting with General Motors, Ford Motors and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles to discuss new factories. Liddell and his wife apparently held $72,000 of stock in Ford and GM. On February 3rd, Liddell again participated in a meeting with business leaders representing companies in which he apparently owned $2.3 million of stock: BlackRock, GM, IHS Markit LTD, IMB, JP Morgan Chase, Pepsi, Tesla, and Walmart. The Office of Government Ethics (OGE) has since issued a certificate of divestiture covering those holdings—but as the CREW complaint (pdf) notes, that certificate is dated February 9, well after the meetings in question.  As such, the complaint reads, and given Liddell's likely role in organizing those meetings and developing and/or approving the invite lists, "he may be viewed as having personally and substantially participated in the White House meetings [...] that would have a direct and predictable effect on his financial interests." Since Trump's inauguration, CREW has sued the president for overstepping the federal Emoluments Clause; sent two letters to the White House regarding advisor Kellyanne Conway's "improper use of office to benefit a private interest;" and notified McGahn of "apparent violations of the Federal Advisory Committee Act because outside advisors, often connected with major corporations, have participated in organized efforts to advise the president without complying with transparency and accountability rules." Late last week, OGE director Walter Shaub expressed concern that the executive branch apparently thinks it is above many ethical regulations. As CREW executive director Noah Bookbinder said of Tuesday's complaint, "This marks the latest in an already too-long list of ethics letters CREW has sent to McGahn. The White House must show that potential ethics violations will be taken seriously and thoroughly investigated." This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License Share This Article More in: U.S. , Donald Trump, #NotNormal, Conflict of Interest Top Comments (Click to see more comments or to join the conversation) Join the resistance! Sign Up for Newsletter   Today's Views Ralph Nader Stubborn Facts and the Lies That Kill Democracy Janelle Jones Trump’s Spending Cuts Would Create the Black America He’s Been Talking About Tom Gallagher The Democratic Party Left After the Ellison DNC Campaign: Unite or Fight? Brandon DeBot House GOP’s Proposed "Fix" for Health Bill Prioritizes Tax Cuts for Richest... Robert Reich President Trump and the Crisis of Governance Miles Mogulescu We Must Filibuster Gorsuch’s Federalist Society Agenda Ari Berman ﻿Neil Gorsuch Is Not Another Scalia. He’s the Next John Roberts. Peter Bloom The Democrats Should Stop Wishing on a "Star" and Start Helping to Build a Progressive Movement... Michael Winship 'There’s a Smell of Treason in the Air'... Norman Eisen, Richard Painter Trump's Unprecedented War on Ethics... Katrina vanden Heuvel An 'America Last' Budget... Kathy Kelly Reality and the 'Made in the U.S.A.' Famine in Yemen... More Views News That Matters 'Beyond Irregular': GOP Intel Chair Under Fire for Bizarre Trump Briefing RESIST DAY #62: What You Can Do Today Citing FBI Probe of Trump, Democrats Told to 'Declare National Emergency' Two Months In, Trump Breaking Every Vow to 'Drain the Swamp': Report Senate Might Let Internet Companies Sell User Data to 'Highest Bidder' Exxon Ordered to Recover 'Wayne Tracker' Emails It Claims Are Lost US Bombing Blamed for Killing Dozens of Civilians Sheltering in Syrian School Coal in 'Freefall' Worldwide, Report Finds Mississippi Bill Helps Enable Trump's "Sinister" Immigration Crackdown Trump Presidency Has Had "Most Failed" Start Ever, Says Historian More News Further Whose Streets? Our Streets. Portland Anarchists Will Fix Your Potholes To the challenge oft posed by skeptics of anarchism - 'But who will fix the roads?' - the tar-hauling, civic-minded crews of Oregon's Portland Anarchist Road Care have the (duh) answer: We will. Citing the key role of "community oriented direct action" and the "gross negligence" of a state apparatus that "cares more about funding a militarized police force" than patching potholes deadly to cars and bikes, anarchists have taken on that task because "these are our streets." Read More... More Further Connect With Us About Common Dreams Our Mission: To inform. To inspire. To ignite change for the common good. Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported. About Common Dreams Key Staff Writers' Guidelines The Commons - Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Jobs Contact Us Common Dreams P.O. Box 443 Portland, ME 04112-0443 USA via Email: Editor News Tips? Article Submissions News Release Submissions Webmaster / General Info 207.775.0488 (voice)  207.775.0489 (fax) Common Dreams brings you the news that matters. DONATE Sign up for Newsletter Click to Sign Up Connect With Us  
Alts Equities Smart-Beta New ETFs ETF Ecosystem Webcasts ETF Newsletter Video Podcasts ETF Strategist Channel 2017 Outlook Channel Search You Are Here: Home → 2017 → March → Smart Beta ETFs for Rising U.S. Interest Rates Smart Beta ETFs for Rising U.S. Interest Rates March 20, 2017 at 11:02 am by Todd Rosenbluth Thus far in 2017, iShares Edge MSCI Minimum Volatility USA ETF (USMV) and PowerShares S&P 500 Low Volatility Portfolio (SPLV) have shed a combined $1.3 billion assets. Despite the exposure differences – for example USMV has sector constraints not employed for SPLV — both offer relatively strong exposure to higher-dividend-yielding stocks relative to the S&P 500 index. As the Fed raises rates further this year, a rotation away from these “bond proxies” may occur. CFRA has Overweight rankings on both ETFs, based on a combination of holdings-level analysis and fund attributes.  More specifically, SPLV and USMV currently earn favorably low risk consideration attributes in our research, which is consistent with the downside protection investors should seek out from a lower-volatility product. In April 2015, PowerShares S&P 500 ex-Rate Sensitive Low Volatility Portfolio (XRLV) came to market and has $220 million in assets. Similar to the $6.5 billion SPLV, XRLV focuses on the 100 least volatile stocks in the S&P 500 index. But the smaller ETF first excludes stocks that historically have performed poorly in rising interest rate environments. Examples of stocks inside SPLV that do not make the cut for XRLV, include utilities Dominion Resources (D) and Southern Co (SO). Rather, those and other utilities are replaced in XRLV by other S&P 500 constituents, including industrials stocks Ametek (AME) and J.B Hunt Transport Services (JBHT). Both are CFRA buy recommendations that have medium CFRA qualitative risk considerations. In 2017, XRLV is up 5.9%, ahead of SPLV’s 5.1%, highlighting the importance of understanding the construction of these index-based products. Meanwhile, some dividend ETFs, such as SPDR S&P Dividend (SDY 89 Overweight), experienced net outflows year to date despite offering exposure to companies with long-term records of dividend increases. In September 2016, Fidelity Dividend for Rising Rates (FDRR) launched with a twist on the traditional dividend-growth theme. The proprietary index behind FDRR holds companies that are expected to continue to pay and grow their dividends and have a positive correlation of returns to increasing Treasury yields. Kraft Heinz (KHC) and Wal-Mart (WMT) are among the ETF’s largest consumer staples (9%) holdings and have low CFRA qualitative risk assessments. CFRA equity analyst Joseph Agnese has a buy recommendation on KHC. He thinks the company’s leading market share positions, strong cash flow generation and significant EBITDA margin expansion opportunities positions it well to achieve strong EPS growth over the next three-years. Despite also launching less than three years ago and with only $94 million in assets, CFRA ranks FDRR as Overweight. Our ranking is helped by favorable CFRA STARS and overall modest risk consideration attributes. FDRR is up 6.3% year to date, ahead of the 4.5% and 3.5% respective gains for SDY and Fidelity Core Dividend (FDVV 27 Overweight); FDVV focuses on dividend-growth companies but does not incorporate sensitivity to bond yields. With the Federal Reserve raising rates last week and indicating that gradual rate hikes are to be expected throughout the year, CFRA thinks investors should broaden the range of smart-beta products they consider. While established offerings SDY, SPLV and USMV remain worthy of attention, we contend FDRR and XRLV are next-generation products with some strong attributes. Todd Rosenbluth is Director of ETF & Mutual Fund Research at CFRA. You might also like: Smart Beta ETFs/ETPs Reach Record $559.78 Billion Global High Inside Schwab’s Smart Beta Small-Cap ETF Don’t Write Off Low-Volatility ETFs Sector, Factor ETF Strategies to Capitalize on a Changing Market Environment Post Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News RiverFront: We See Momentum Shifting Overseas March 23, 2017 ETF Strategists An Alternative ETF Play for Rising Interest Rate Risks March 22, 2017 Video A Quality Developed Market ETF Strategy for Income Investors March 22, 2017 New ETFs The First Short Squeeze ETF Strategy Hits the Market March 22, 2017 New ETFs History Comes Full Circle with Hartford and Wellington ETF Partnership March 22, 2017 New ETFs Investors Look for Bargains in U.S. Stock ETFs March 22, 2017 Equities Dollar Bulls Don’t Have Much to Cheer About March 22, 2017 Alts Homebuilder ETFs Reach Important Junctures March 22, 2017 Equities RiverFront: We See Momentum Shifting Overseas March 23, 2017 ETF Strategists An Alternative ETF Play for Rising Interest Rate Risks March 22, 2017 Video A Quality Developed Market ETF Strategy for Income Investors March 22, 2017 New ETFs The First Short Squeeze ETF Strategy Hits the Market March 22, 2017 New ETFs History Comes Full Circle with Hartford and Wellington ETF Partnership March 22, 2017 New ETFs About Us Thanks for visiting ETFtrends.com. Our team of writers, editors, and financial experts work hard to bring you the latest news, trends and insights from the world of exchange traded funds. The following links will give you some further information about us and our team. Read more BE SURE TO VISIT Articles Index Category Highlights ETF Education Central ETF Resume Feature Articles Video Podcasts Glossary COPYRIGHT © 2005-2017 GLOBAL TRENDS INVESTMENTS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DISCLAIMERS &nbsp;
just-style home News & insights US Q4 in brief – PVH Corp, J Crew, Perry Ellis By Michelle Russell and Beth Wright | 23 March 2017 Font size Email Print In the most recent fourth-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, Destination XL moved to a profit but booked lower sales, while Caleres moved to a loss in the quarter. VF Corporation, meanwhile, revealed a fall in both sales and earnings for the quarter, while Stein Mart moved to a loss as a result of "aggressive" promotions.  Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days A Message From The Editor just-style gives you the widest apparel and textile market coverage. Paid just-style members have unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Leonie Barrie, editor of just-style Leonie's offer to you Risk-free, money-back guarantee Existing user? Click here to login Email Address: Password: Forgotten your password? Help test our new apparel sourcing tool. APPLY NOW Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-style newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Most Popular Insights What TTIP might mean for US, EU textiles & apparel Four steps to reduce product defects Unlocks for the future fashion sourcing landscape Geo-political uncertainty and how to survive it Adidas raises the bar for North America sales News H&M, VF Corp and Levi among most ethical companies US Q4 in brief – PVH Corp, J Crew, Perry Ellis Sears has "substantial doubt" of future Vietnam limits hazardous chemicals in apparel PVH Corp to acquire e-commerce retailer True&Co Market research Central and East Europe Report Package Central America strategic sourcing review - a focus on Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras When Things Go Wrong - A Practical Guide to Managing Common Problems in Apparel Sourcing Southeast Asia strategic sourcing review – a focus on Cambodia, Vietnam and Myanmar Outdoor performance apparel 2016: A broader perspective Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & comment Comment Analysis Supply chain issues Apparel trade & sourcing Social & environmental responsibility Apparel systems & technology Financials & M&A Interviews Hot issues Columns The just-style blog just-style research roundup Global news roundup Viewpoint In the money The Flanarant Speaking with style Spotlight on... Research updates Top stories on just-style Retail roundup Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-style blog Regions Sourcing Snapshots China and Asia Bangladesh Vietnam and Cambodia Europe North America Emerging markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All countries Companies H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB Marks & Spencer Group Plc Nike Inc Adidas Group VF Corporation Inditex SA Gap Inc Wal-Mart Stores Inc Levi Strauss & Co Primark Zara Under Armour Inc PVH Corporation Target Corporation JC Penney Company Inc Tesco Plc Tommy Hilfiger Group C&A Lectra Fast Retailing Co Ltd All companies Sectors Apparel Fibres & fabrics Footwear Manufacturing PLM buyer's guide Retail Sourcing Technology All sectors re:source Apparel research Market research store Apparel research consultants About About just-style Advertise on just-style Contact just-style Join 31,000 apparel and textile professionals who get just-style’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Apparel and textile Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy apparel market research New apparel market research Apparel sector market research Apparel companies market research Apparel market research publishers Apparel industry consultants PLM software buyers' guide Apparel industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-style Subscribe to just-style RSS feeds Site map About just-style ©2017 All content copyright just-style.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Is the rocky road to EMV retail adoption getting smoother? Is the rocky road to EMV retail adoption getting smoother? Confusion and resistance to EMV abounded in 2015, but 2017 brings improvements in adoption and an ongoing evolution in the implementation of EMV-capable credit card readers. Sharon Goldman (CIO (US)) 21 March, 2017 01:02 - - - - print email Comments There was plenty of confusion to go around in October 2015, with only a small percentage of retailers ready to roll when the deadline passed for them to become EMV-compliant by installing new EMV-capable credit card readers and acquiring certifications from various payment networks. Now that over a year, and two holiday seasons, have passed by, the question is: Where does retail stand with EMV? The answer, says experts, is that it’s been a rocky road, but there have been improvements in adoption and an ongoing evolution in implementation. [ Related: For retailers, confusion reigns after EMV rollout ] The good news is, consumers are starting to adapt to the new normal — their first instinct now is to insert a chip, not swipe. In addition, Visa and Mastercard implemented new quick-chip technology last summer, to make the processing time faster for consumers. “One of the biggest complaints off the bat was that EMV was too slow, taking 10-15 seconds,” says Perry Kramer, vice president and practice lead at Boston Retail Partners. “Now the EMV transactions have really gone back to the same speed as what it used to be with swipe transaction — from the consumer point of view, it has sped up dramatically.” Retailers, on the other hand, have struggled to get up to speed with EMV and have dealt with a variety of challenges, particularly due to vendor delays and the liability shift that has left them on the hook for chargebacks. “Those that weren’t ready really got thrown into panic mode,” Kramer says. “The amount of chargebacks, in terms of dollars and quantity, far exceeded anyone’s expectations.” [ Related: Why have most merchants missed the EMV deadline?]  Obstacles along the way to EMV According to an National Retail Federation (NRF) survey conducted last year, 9 percent of merchants had implemented EMV during 2015 and 39 percent had done so by June 30, 2016. By the end of 2016 86 percent were expected to have implemented EMV and 99 percent expect to have done so by the end of 2017. Why the slow rollout? The biggest obstacle to EMV implementation was the card industry’s delays in certifying the EMV equipment retailers installed, says Craig Shearman, vice president of government affairs public relations at the NRF. “The equipment’s chip functions can’t be turned on until it has been certified, but the card industry failed to provide sufficient personnel or other resources to get that done in a timely fashion,” he explains, which left millions of EMV chip readers sitting next to cash registers that could still only be used to swipe cards. In addition, there have been hiccups related to debit card usage with EMV: Kroger filed a lawsuit against Visa regarding debit transactions — the grocery chain wanted to require PIN-based verification on debit chip cards, which did not comply with Visa regulations — while Walmart and Home Depot filed similar suits. At this point, however, most major retailers have been certified. In addition, most smaller retailers found it fairly simple to become EMV-compliant because of bank-supplied POS equipment. But midsize retailers — between $500 million to $3 billion in sales — typically have POS systems that are over a decade old and require customization to implement EMV, says Kramer: “That led to delays — some are still not compliant and are paying the price.” Certainly, there have been fewer chargebacks thanks to EMV, which experts agree is a good thing, though they maintain that the chip and signature technology is still prone to fraud — which could be reduced further with the chip and PIN technology used elsewhere. And, Shearman points out that banks have not invested the money they had previously “eaten” in chargeback costs in the retail community. But, on the flip side, online fraud has, as expected, risen significantly since EMV was implemented: “The fraudsters have moved over to the online market,” he says. What’s coming down the pike with EMV Contactless EMV was supposed to go live last spring, but the processing rules for banks are not finalized yet. By October 2017, fuel pumps were also supposed to be EMV compliant — but due to a lack of hardware, this date has been pushed out to 2020. Some vendors are working to capitalize on these EMV obstacles by focusing on software that manages risk liability and fraud instead of EMV. Feedzai, for example, points out that for gas stations, the cost of upgrading equipment could be incredibly costly. “Instead of upgrading, many have begun to manage their risk on the backend, on the software level, as opposed to the hardware level with a chip — at a fraction of the cost,” says Nuno Sebastiao, CEO and co-founder of Feedzai. [ Related: 5 digital retail trends that will be big in 2017 ] In addition, he says, as adoption alternative methods of payment through mobile wallets continue to grow, EMV will become less necessary for some retailers. “This is really on a per-vertical basis, such as with gas stations,” he says. “But some retailers won’t want yet another point solution to manage fraud.” The NRF’s Shearman disagrees, however, saying that mobile wallets are a fraction of a fraction of the payments market and are not a factor in EMV adoption. “Our State of Retail Payments survey last year found that EMV was the top payments challenge for 76 percent of retailers compared with 17 percent for acceptance of emerging payments types,” he says. “EMV was largely the standard among major retailers during the 2016 holiday season and that should increasingly be the case among small retailers by holiday 2017,” he adds. “But retailers will continue to push to have chip and signature replaced with chip and PIN.” ​CIO Executive Council member profile: Emmanuel Steve Dulvin More from CIO Executive Council Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about HomeHome DepotKramerMastercardVisa Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Digitally remastering your business Read more Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Kingston Technology Moves to a Broadband WAN with Silver Peak 2017 Trends: SD-WAN Advances Towards Mainstream Adoption Why Performance Matters When Building Your SD-WAN CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Latest Jobs Data Analyst Lead SA Business Analyst Digitalisation projects QLD Network Engineer - Cisco Voice WA Seeking all Java Developers! ACT Team Leader NSW GIS Officer | Map Info QLD Iteration Manager NSW Citrix Engineer NSW Senior Communications Officer | SharePoint QLD Mid-Level Software Engineer x 2 - Adelaide Based (PV, NV2 or NV1 required) ACT Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next AI, machine learning blossom in agriculture and pest control ​Only 0.5% of federal government IT in the cloud ​CSO Perspectives – Security readiness is the key to effective response CSO Online 10 things you may not know about Google In pictures: CMO/CIO/ADMA Executive Connections breakfast in Sydney New era, new buzzphrase: We're headed for 'Digital Cohesion' CSO ​Man arrested for $100m email fraud scam against multinational tech firms LastPass fixes serious password leak vulnerabilities Google cites progress in Android security, but patching issues linger How worried should your organisation be about cyber espionage - and what can you do about it? Hackers threaten to wipe millions of Apple devices, demand ransom Computerworld CW@50: Data storage goes from $1M to 2 cents per gigabyte (+video) NSW govt poaches AUSTRAC CIO for top security role Piracy crackdown: Website blocking to get a lot quicker, cheaper iPhone, Mac owners: How to stymie hackers extorting Apple, threatening to wipe devices Wal-Mart launches emerging tech incubator ARN Major Govt IT panels get passed over to the DTA Hutchison sees 2016 revenues dip Is hybrid IT the new normal in the enterprise? Qld Health hails IT contractors for middleware replacement Three Microsoft partners combine to capture mid-market in collaborative cloud play Techworld Look before you leap: 4 hard truths about IoT The goal of a new machine Open source JavaScript, Node.js devs get NPM Orgs for free CW@50: Data storage goes from $1M to 2 cents per gigabyte (+video) Tapping the brakes on 802.11ac wave 2 CMO How National Geographic is building brand for a purpose-led future CMO's top 8 martech stories for this week - 23 March 5 ways to create great real-time marketing campaigns ​Report reveals gap between marketing strategy and execution Unilever CMO John Broome exits after only 13 months Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
` Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2017 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Aerospace & Defense Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Login [x] Email Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Subscribe Register Logged in as Logout Edit Profile View Cart   Quick Links: 2017 Forty Under 40 class March issue of Forefront The Interview Issue Indiana 100 The Innovation Issue Highest-paid executives Anthem-Cigna full coverage Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2017 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Aerospace & Defense Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Home » Amazon struggles to find strategy that works in $800B grocery market Amazon struggles to find strategy that works in $800B grocery market March 20, 2017 Bloomberg News KEYWORDS Retailers / Grocery Stores / Amazon.com / Transportation, Distribution & Logistics / Distribution & Logistics Comments Print Reprints / Text Size+ Larger Smaller [X] Related News and Opinion Amazon, Sprint eye stores that RadioShack might exit Aldi taking Walmart's low-price edge in grocery wars Chief exec has big plan to revive struggling Toys R Us Fresh Market grocery chain acquired for $1.4 billion Amazon sees shipments for independent merchants more than double Related Products Aiming Higher: Words that Changed a State Selected Speeches by Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels Food for Thought: an Indiana Harvest Monitoring: Keeping Your Finger on the Pulse of School Improvement “Very wasteful” isn’t a phrase usually associated with Amazon.com Inc., which is so cost-conscious it once removed the light bulbs from its cafeteria’s vending machines. But after spending several months analyzing the online retailer’s grocery-shipping hubs back in 2014, that’s exactly how a mechanical engineering student described its approach to selling bananas. Workers at Amazon Fresh, the company’s grocery-delivery business, threw away about a third of the bananas it purchased because the service only sold the fruit in bunches of five, the student concluded. Employees trimmed each bunch down to size and chucked the excess. The research paper by Vrajesh Modi, who now works for Boston Consulting Group, highlighted other problems: Poorly trained employees often stood around with nothing to do. Moldy strawberries were frequently returned by disappointed customers. Amazon’s inspectors believed their corporate bosses didn’t care much about the quality of the food. Such challenges linger for Amazon. Despite several attempts to break into the $800 billion grocery industry and almost a decade into the business, the company has struggled to entice shoppers en masse to buy eggs, steaks and berries online the same way they’ve flocked to buy books, tablets and toys. “Online grocery is failing,” said Kurt Jetta, CEO of TABS Analytics, a consumer products research firm. Only 4.5 percent of shoppers made frequent online grocery purchases in 2016, up just slightly from 4.2 percent four years earlier despite big investments from companies such as Amazon, according to the firm’s annual surveys. “There’s just not a lot of demand there. The whole premise is that you’re saving people a trip to the store, but people actually like going to the store to buy groceries. The importance of physical stores Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos now seems to understand that he can’t win the grocery game with websites, warehouses and trucks alone. The world’s biggest online retailer sees brick-and-mortar stores playing a key role in a renewed grocery push, documents reviewed by Bloomberg show. And like it did with Amazon Fresh, the company is launching its newest projects in Seattle, its home town. Last Tuesday, men in cherry pickers worked through driving rain to affix “Amazon Fresh” signs to a drive-in grocery location in Seattle’s Ballard neighborhood, where shoppers can stop and have online orders loaded into their cars. Crews were busy on a similar site south of downtown, readying canopies over parking spaces to protect customers from the elements as they pick up their shopping bags. The secretive company has yet to announce the projects, and crews have covered the Amazon signs in black fabric and paper. Late last year, Amazon purchased supply-chain software from LLamasoft Inc.—a major departure for a company known for its logistics prowess, and defying an internal mantra of “we don’t buy, we build.” And it more recently restructured how various grocery teams were managed to narrow their focus and set clear priorities, according to people familiar with the company’s business. These changes come as Amazon breaks from its standard formula of shipping products in boxes out of jam-packed warehouses. Instead, it will invite shoppers inside its own grocery stores to smell the oranges, see the tomatoes and tap the watermelons. Ahead of a national rollout next year, Amazon is testing three brick-and-mortar grocery formats in Seattle—convenience stores called Amazon Go, the drive-in grocery kiosks, and a hybrid supermarket that mixes the best of online and in-store shopping. The company may open as many as 2,000 stores, according to internal documents. Keeping it quiet The company has said little about its grocery-store plans, aside from a video about Amazon Go’s no-checkout format that has racked up more than 8.7 million views on YouTube. An Amazon spokeswoman declined to comment for this story. Reports on its moves have dribbled out over the past several months, prompting occasional denials and retorts from the company. Seattle technology site Geekwire in August uncovered Amazon’s mysterious drive-in grocery kiosk in Ballard. The New York Post in February said Amazon aimed to create “robot-run supermarkets” that would operate with only a few people. Bezos responded by tweeting to the Post: “Whoever your anonymous sources are on this story—they’ve mixed up their meds!” Amazon’s goal is to become a Top 5 grocery retailer by 2025, according to a person familiar with the matter. That would require more than $30 billion in annual food and beverage spending through its sites, up from $8.7 billion — including Amazon Fresh and all other food and drink sales—in 2016, according to Cowen & Co. Reaching that milestone would require a new wave of store and warehouse investments around the country, costing billions of dollars. That’s an existential change for Amazon, which initially stayed away from perishable goods and has mostly avoided the overhead of physical stores since it started in 1994. “A bunch of smart people at Amazon have been thinking about re-imagining the next phase of physical retail,” said Scott Jacobson, a former Amazon executive who is now a managing director at Madrona Venture Group. “They want more share of the wallet, and habitual, frequent use of Amazon for groceries is the ultimate goal.” Confusing choices For Amazon shoppers interested in buying groceries online, the company’s current offerings can be confusing. Amazon Fresh is available in about 20 U.S. cities for those paying $14.99 a month. Amazon Pantry lets shoppers buy crackers, cookies, chips, coffee and other non-perishables for a delivery fee of $5.99 per box. Amazon’s speedy drop-off service, Prime Now, offers items from local grocers in some cities, but no major chains. Its stick-on Dash Buttons let people order many household products—including some groceries, but not fresh food—with a finger tap. And Subscribe & Save offers discounts to Amazon customers who sign up for periodic delivery of laundry detergent, toothpaste, diapers, paper towels and other items frequently purchased in grocery stores. The various initiatives have been a source of increasing internal tension as employees on different projects compete to sell the same things, according to a person familiar with the matter. One problem saddling Amazon Fresh is the high cost of losses caused by food going bad, an issue it’s never faced with books and toys. For conventional grocery sellers, browning bananas can be sold at a discount to smoothie-makers and bread bakers. Chicken breasts nearing their expiration dates can be marked down. With Amazon Fresh, such items must be discarded or are returned by frustrated customers, according to a person familiar with the matter. That has meant Amazon Fresh has lost money from spoilage at more than double the rate for a typical supermarket, said the person, who asked not to be identified discussing internal operations. The main reason Amazon began delivering groceries through Prime Now was to hand that risk back to the local grocers to lower Amazon’s costs. The company didn’t originally anticipate the scope or difficulty of these problems because so few people working on its grocery push have experience in the industry. “Grocery is the most alluring and treacherous category,” said Nadia Shouraboura, a former Amazon executive whose company, Hointer, has been working on redefining in-store grocery shopping for the past 18 months. “It lures inventors and retailers with shopping volume and frequency, and then sinks them with low margin.” Beyond grocery, Amazon executives have also discussed opening consumer electronics stores to showcase its gadgets and better compete with Best Buy Co., according to three people familiar with the plan. For years, Amazon executives have discussed the downside of an online-only strategy, mostly with regard to a lack of places for shoppers to try out Kindle electronic readers, the voice-activated Echo speaker and its defunct Fire smartphone. Amazon considered holding events similar to Tupperware parties when it introduced its first Kindle in 2007, fearing the products would languish unseen, Jacobson said. The handful of bookstores Amazon has opened around the country double as gadget showrooms, similar to the Apple Store. Changing mindsets Long term, a stronger grocery business could position Amazon to become a wholesale food-distribution business serving supermarkets, convenience stores, restaurants, hotels, hospitals and schools. But first the company has to find a way to get more people to think of Amazon when stocking their refrigerators and pantries. A group of Amazon executives met late last year to discuss the disadvantage Amazon faced compared with grocery competitors such as Wal-Mart and Kroger because of its lack of physical stores and customer apprehension about buying fresh foods online. They decided they needed something more to jump-start Amazon’s grocery push beyond plans already under way for the Amazon Go convenience store, modeled for urban areas, and drive-in grocery pick-up stations suited for the suburbs. They worked out plans for a third approach: grocery stores closer in size to a Trader Joe’s than a Wal-Mart to offer easy access to milk, eggs and produce.  Other items like paper towels, cereal, canned goods and dish detergent would be stocked on-site in a warehouse where they could be easily packed and delivered to shoppers at the location, according to documents reviewed by Bloomberg. It would also serve as a delivery hub for online orders. Brittain Ladd, a supply chain consultant who joined Amazon in 2015 and most recently worked on its Amazon Fresh and Pantry expansions, wrote about such a store prior to joining Amazon in an academic paper called “A Beautiful Way to Save Woolworths.” Ladd envisioned two-story buildings where shoppers browse produce, bread and other fresh items on the ground level while their orders for paper towels, canned goods and cereal are packed in a warehouse above. “The stores will have the capability to fulfill online orders placed by customers within a specific radius of the store,” he wrote. “Amazon drivers and/or contractors will be assigned to deliver groceries.” The executives decided such a store would be worth pursuing for Amazon Fresh and ordered further research about ideal locations, how to integrate the stores with grocery delivery, and the use of automation to reduce overhead. Site selection for this store’s first model is happening now in Seattle, according to a person familiar with the plan. Testing Amazon Go Meanwhile, the first wave of its new grocery experiment, Amazon Go, was unveiled in December and for now is only open to employees while the systems are tested. Cameras and sensors monitor shoppers who scan their smartphones upon entering, allowing them to grab items like sandwiches, yogurt, drinks and snacks and automatically pay for them without a checkout kiosk. Products are embedded with tracking devices that pair with customers’ phones to charge their accounts. Weight-sensitive shelves tell Amazon when to restock. A patent filed by Amazon in 2014 suggests it could use facial-recognition technology to identify and then automatically charge in-store shoppers. In its video touting Amazon Go, the company said it was aiming to open the site to the public in “early 2017,” and it hasn’t provided an update to that timing. But the technology has been crashing in tests when the store gets too crowded and requires human quality control, people watching video images to make sure customers are charged for the right things, according to a person familiar with the plan. Beyond letting customers skip lines, the technology gives Amazon valuable data, said Guru Hariharan, founder of Boomerang Commerce Inc., which designs software for large retailers. Even if customers don’t purchase everything they touch, there’s value in understanding what shoppers consider but don’t ultimately buy, he said. That makes it worthwhile for Amazon to work through the kinks in the technology. “It takes a lot of time and experimentation to work through unpredictable scenarios like a child picking up an item or a person wearing sunglasses or a face muffler,” he said. At the same time, recent work and construction permits indicate the new drive-in grocery kiosk in Ballard could open any day. “Amazon wants to be the first thing any consumer thinks of when they need to buy anything,” said Jim Hertel, a senior vice president at marketing technology company Inmar Inc. “Food is the largest retail category. They can’t do what they want to do without grocery and they’re definitely not going to give up.” Email Tweet ADVERTISEMENT Recent Articles by Bloomberg News Notre Dame reportedly weighing bids for commercial sports rights Sears warns of ‘substantial doubt’ about company's future Wonder material might make spray-on solar cells a reality Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Restricted Content You must have JavaScript enabled to enjoy a limited number of articles over the next 30 days. Please clik here to continue without javascript.. GO Advanced Search This Week's Paper Last year, 31 donors gave $267M in big gifts to Hoosier not-for-profits Which local philanthropists made major donations in 2016 and where the money went Eli Lilly chasing psoriasis jackpot with Taltz Most Read Comments Most Emailed Big IU donors were complaining loudly about Crean Storied racetrack revved for a restart under new owner Salesforce unveils sign design for namesake tower Marsh poised for more closings, sued for nonpayment of rents HHGregg preparing to file for bankruptcy, sources say Multimedia Images Videos IBJ Events Shane Johnson's editorial cartoons More Photos Health Care Heroes 2017: Advancements More Videos Videos 2012 CFOs of the Year: Bill Brunner More Videos Events Indiana's Aerospace & Defense sector is larger than you think. Learn more at our event April 21st. Tickets are available now! Engage with experts as they discuss promising science, tech & talent in central IN life sciences. Get your tickets today! Nominations Has your company seen rapid growth in the past 3 years? Nominate them today for IBJ's Fast 25! IBJ is accepting nominations for CTO of the Year awards! Help us recognize your top technology guru. More Events Back to Top SUBSCRIPTIONS Online & Print Subscriptions FREE eNews SUBMIT TO EDIT Submit People Submit Records IBJ Awards FTP to IBJ IBJ.COM ACCOUNT My Account FREE IBJ.com Registrations EVENTS Upcoming IBJ Events Event Sponsorship Award Nominations SUPPORT & INFORMATION Customer Service Contact Us Privacy Policy Career Opportunities Newsstand Locations Reprints ONLINE PRODUCTS Bookstore ADVERTISING IBJ Advertising Contacts Classifieds Submit Advertising MULTIMEDIA Photo Galleries Videos IBJ on Facebook IBJ on Twitter Get IBJ Widgets IBJ.com Book of Lists Editorial Calendar Archives IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines/Supplements Polls Sitemap OTHER IBJ MEDIA WEBSITES The Indiana Lawyer Court & Commercial Record IBJ Custom Publishing IBJ Book Publishing Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use. Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Have Changed By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. ACCEPT IBJ MEDIA CORP 317-634-6200 Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing.
Latest News Dow 20,661 -6.71 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,822 +27.82 +0.48% S&P 500 2,348 +4.43 +0.19% 9:16 A.M. ET Updated Trump rally could smash on the rocks of health-care vote 9:15 A.M. ET Updated These key technical levels may signal if the stock market is set to rise or fall 9:15 A.M. ET Ford's stock drops 2.5% premarket after downbeat Q1 earnings outlook 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Ford sees Q1 EPS 30 cents-35 cents; FactSet consensus 47 cents 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Why the bull run will stay in great shape even as the health bill troubles traders 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Parents: Here’s a primer for college savings 9:12 A.M. ET Details Emerge About London Attacker as Police Arrest Eight 9:12 A.M. ET Updated When Americans emotionally spend, they buy toilet paper and Clorox 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Look out, taxes from an IRA can sneak up on you 9:12 A.M. ET Updated Eight arrested in six raids as police probe London terror attack 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Get a grip on your debt and 4 other ways to boost your retirement confidence 9:09 A.M. ET Updated This is how the Republican health-care bill will affect the elderly 9:06 A.M. ET Cloud Peak Energy upgraded to market perform from underperform at FBR & Co. 9:03 A.M. ET Updated Jobless claims climb 15,000 to 258,000 9:00 A.M. ET Why the bull run will stay in great shape even as the health bill troubles traders 9:00 A.M. ET Inside New York’s Billionaire Buildings 8:53 A.M. ET Updated Most people don’t use Tinder for love or sex — here’s why they really use it 8:52 A.M. ET Gold futures’ stock-driven run pauses after 5 days 8:51 A.M. ET Crude oil turns lower, down 0.2% at $47.94 a barrel 8:50 A.M. ET Apple to start making iPhones in India over next two months Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until New York Markets Open Market Snapshot Analyst Ratings Home Press Release Forbes’ 31st Annual World’s Billionaires Issue By Published: Mar 20, 2017 8:37 a.m. ET Share Record Number of 2,043 Billionaires Made the 2017 List of the World’s Richest PeoplePLUS: President Trump’s Current Net Worth --$3.5 Billion – And The Global Web of Partners Cashing in on the 45th President**Please include a link to www.forbes.com/billionaires in any coverage** NEW YORK, Mar 20, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- A record 2,043 billionaires made Forbes’ 31 [st] annual ranking of the world’s billionaires, as featured in the March 28, 2017 issue of Forbes magazine. To view the list, visit www.forbes.com/billionaires. “Booming stock markets, higher commodities prices and plain old-fashioned entrepreneurship helped make this a record year in terms of wealth creation around the globe,” said Luisa Kroll and Kerry Dolan, Assistant Managing Editors of Wealth at Forbes Media. Bill Gates remains in the top spot for the fourth year in a row and has been the richest person in the world for 18 out of the past 23 years. Gates has a fortune of $86 billion, up from $75 billion last year. Warren Buffett, worth $75.6 billion, up from $60.8 billion in 2016, reclaimed the No. 2 slot, after a two-year hiatus. The biggest gainer on the 2017 list is Jeff Bezos (No. 3), whose fortune increased by $27.6 billion for a total net worth of $72.8 billion. This is Bezos’ first time in the top three. Spanish clothing retailer Amancio Ortega (best known for the Zara fashion chain) drops to No. 4, despite his net worth increasing to $71.3 billion. Rounding out the top five is Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg, worth $56 billion. 2,043 billionaires (up from 1,810 in 2016) made the list, with an average net worth of $3.75 billion. The change in the total number of billionaires – up 233 since last year – was the biggest increase in 31 years. The total combined net worth of this year’s billionaires was $7.67 trillion, up from $6.48 trillion last year. 1,371 members were self-made billionaires. 238 inherited their wealth; another 434 inherited at least a portion but are still growing it. How Much is President Trump Worth Now? Forbes also released today a detailed analysis of how much President Trump is currently worth. He ranks No. 544 on the list, worth $3.5 billion. Midtown Manhattan real estate is down; therefore, so is Donald Trump’s fortune. In October 2016, at the time of the release of the 2016 Forbes 400 list of wealthiest Americans, Forbes valued Trump’s net worth at $3.7 billion. In the feature package “In Trump They Trust,”Forbes provides an exclusive look into the global web of partners who are cashing in on the 45 [th] president. A previously little-known batch of billionaires and multimillionaires from around the world suddenly find themselves in an unprecedented position: How do you cash in on a partnership with the President of the United States? The Trump Clone – Hary Tanoesoedibjo(on the cover) shares more than luxury resorts with Donald Trump. The Indonesian billionaire is laying the groundwork to become president of the world’s fourth-largest country. The Strongman’s Middleman – Robbie and Jose Antonio are about to open a Trump Tower in Manila. Jose is also the Philippines’ new trade envoy to America… Coincidence? The Donald of the Desert – Master marketer Hussain Sajwani is betting he can still sell Trump in Dubai. The President’s Gambling Buddy – Donald Trump famously failed in Atlantic City, but he’s scored big in Vegas, courtesy of his partner, billionaire Phil Ruffin – who is taking steps to open a new Trump casino there. Locked In – Trump’s newest building in left-leaning Vancouver, has been profitable for its Malaysian partners from the get-go. But they may already regret doing the deal. Salesmen of the Subcontinent – Indian luxury real estate is stalled, but Trump’s partners are cashing in.. slowly. Key Highlights from Forbes’ 2017 World’s Billionaires list: Women The total number of women on the list is 227, up from 202 in 2016. A record 56 of those women are self-made billionaires; an all-time high of 25% of the world’s women billionaires are self-made, compared to 21% in 2016. The richest self-made woman is Hong Kong’s Zhou Qunfei, whose Lens Technology went public in 2015. The U.S. boasts the most women billionaires on the 2017 list, with 74, followed by Germany with 28 and China with 23 (10 more than a year ago). These numbers include 5 women in the U.S. who have built companies with their husbands (with whom they are listed), and 1 woman in Germany who shares an inherited fortune with her brother-in-law. Newcomers/Drop-Offs This year 195 billionaires were new to the list, down from the 198 newcomers in 2016. China had the most newcomers, adding 76 to the list. 25 newcomers were from the U.S., 13 from India and 5 from Germany. Notable newcomers included Vietnam's first self-made woman billionaire, Nguyen Thi Phuong Thao, who took her budget airline, VietJet Air, public in February 2017. Also new to the list is Japan’s first self-made woman billionaire, Yoshiko Shinohara, who started a part-time staffing firm from her one-bedroom Tokyo apartment to help women get into the workforce. She debuts thanks to a 50% surge in the stock price of her company, Temp Holdings, in the past year. Other notable newcomers to the list include: Australian Manny Stul, whose toy company created the popular Shopkins collectibles; American Yvon Chouinard, the founder of outdoor gear maker Patagonia; and Juan Francisco Beckmann Vidal of Mexico, who is chairman of tequila maker Jose Cuervo. 56 billionaires are under 40 this year, down from 66 in 2016. Altogether, 78 people dropped out of the rankings, a significant decrease from 2016’s 221 drop-offs. By Country Regionally, Asia-Pacific boasted the most billionaires, with 720 billionaires, followed by the United States with 565 and Europe with 530. By country, the U.S. led with the greatest number of billionaires, with 565, followed by mainland China with 319, Germany with 114, India with 101 and Russia with 96. California alone has 140 billionaires, more than any country besides the U.S. and China. The United Kingdom has 54 billionaires, versus 50 in 2016; this year there are 5 U.K. newcomers, including Philip Day, 51-year-old fashion mogul who runs Edinburgh Woolen Mill. There are billionaires from 71 countries and territories this year, compared to 67 last year. Returning to the list are Kuwait, St. Kitts & Nevis and Macau. Wealth is stretching to new corners of the world, with one new country, Slovakia, represented on the list. Top 20 The Top 20 billionaires have a combined net worth of $938.4 billion, up from $826.5 billion in 2016. RANK     NAME     NET WORTH ($bil)     UP/DOWN FROM 2016     COUNTRY (by citizenship)     ORIGIN OF WEALTH 1     Bill Gates     $86     Up     United States     Microsoft 2     Warren Buffett     75.6     Up     United States     Berkshire Hathaway 3     Jeff Bezos     72.8     Up     United States     Amazon.com 4     Amancio Ortega     71.3     Up     Spain     Zara 5     Mark Zuckerberg     56     Up     United States     Facebook 6     Carlos Slim Helu & family     54.5     Up     Mexico     telecom 7     Larry Ellison     52.2     Up     United States     software 8     Charles Koch     48.3     Up     United States     diversified 8     David Koch     48.3     Up     United States     diversified 10     Michael Bloomberg     47.5     Up     United States     Bloomberg LP 11     Bernard Arnault & family     41.5     Up     France     LVMH 12     Larry Page     40.7     Up     United States     Google 13     Sergey Brin     39.8     Up     United States     Google 14     Liliane Bettencourt & family     39.5     Up     France     L'Oreal 15     S. Robson Walton     34.1     Up     United States     Wal-Mart 16     Jim Walton     34     Up     United States     Wal-Mart 17     Alice Walton     33.8     Up     United States     Wal-Mart 18     Wang Jianlin     31.3     Up     China     real estate 19     Li Ka-shing     31.2     Up     Hong Kong     diversified 20     Sheldon Adelson     30.4     Up     United States     casinos   Methodology Forbes’ World’s Billionaires list is a snapshot of wealth taken on February 17, 2017, when stock prices and exchange rates were locked in from around the world. The list features individuals rather than multigenerational families who share large fortunes. In some cases, siblings and couples are listed together if the ownership breakdown among them isn’t clear; however, they still must be worth on average a minimum of $1 billion apiece to make the cut. For the full list, videos and more, visit www.forbes.com/billionaires . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170320005605/en/ SOURCE: Forbes"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Forbes Media: Forbes U.S. Christina Vega, 212-206-5155 cvega@forbes.com or Crystal Kwok, 212-367-4871 ckwok@forbes.com or Asia Catherine Ong, +65- 6327-6088 cath@catherineong.com or Europe Rose Schreiber, +44 (0) 20-3745-4960 r.schreiber@hawthornadvisors.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular The four most depressing reasons why Americans are not saving any money Two important things to remember as the stock market starts to stumble Dennis Gartman sees at least a 5% drop for stocks — and shades of Watergate Oil prices lifted by drop in U.S. gasoline stocks Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills Home Goes for Landmark Vote Next Month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Real Estate Top 10 cities where downtown is making a comeback View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Lord Myners urges crackdown on companies buying UK firms as sterling slump spurs foreign interest Lord Myners likened the UK market to a 'garage sale' in which 'everything is up for sale if the price is right' Josie Cox Business Editor Monday 20 March 2017 11:24 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Lord Myners had said the Co-operative group needed to take urgent steps to avoid going bust PA Lord Myners has predicted that "five or six" of Britain’s biggest publicly listed companies could be targeted by takeover bids this year, underscoring just how important it is that regulators enhance controls to protect the best interests of UK corporations. Speaking to the Today programme on the BBC on Monday, Lord Myners, who was financial services secretary to the Treasury under Gordon Brown, said that “companies are not just assets to be traded” but are “assets to be built up”. He said that in the UK, we work in a "permissive zone" where the fate of companies is generally decided by a small number of City financiers, and he likened the market to a "garage sale” in which “everything is up for sale if the price is right". Read more Unilever rejects Kraft Heinz takeover bid He said that in “almost every other country” other than the UK “there is a public purpose test to ensure that [any corporate] takeover works to the broader benefit of society" and that Britain needed to “take back control of our businesses". Lord Myners specifically referred to US food giant Kraft Heinz’s failed takeover of Unilever last month, and said that the UK’s current Takeover Code was not robust enough to protect the best interests of domestic corporations when hostile takeover bids are launched. The Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant which is listed on the FTSE 100 in February rejected a $143bn (£115bn) takeover offer from Kraft, saying that it sees absolutely no “financial or strategic” merit in a tie-up. Read more M&A activity surges across Europe, Middle East and Africa UK M&A activity to drop sharply in 2017 amid Brexit uncertainty Record year for mergers and acquisitions is nothing to celebrate Kraft, which is controlled by private equity firm 3G Capital and veteran financier Warren Buffett, is best known for brands like Philadelphia spread, Capri Sun soft drinks, HP Sauce and Heinz ketchup, while Unilever’s brands include Domestos, Dove and Persil. A deal would have been the third-biggest takeover in history and the biggest ever acquisition of a UK-based company, according to Thomson Reuters data at the time. The slump in sterling in the wake of last June’s Brexit vote has generally enhanced the appeal of UK-listed companies for those looking to buy from abroad.  “International buyers emerged as a real force to be reckoned with towards the end of last year, as overseas trade acquirers – most notably those from the US and Asia - acted opportunistically to take advantage of a weakened sterling,” said Andrew Nicholson, head of M&A at KPMG in the UK said in a report published last week. The world’s most valuable brands 10 show all The world’s most valuable brands 1/10 1st - Google Google replaced Apple as the world’s most valuable brand, with a brand value of $109.5bn, according to Brand Finance 2/10 2nd - Apple Apple’s brand value declined from $145.9bn to $107.1bn in 2016 3/10 3rd - Amazon Amazon's brand value rose from $69.6bn to $106.4bn in 2016 4/10 4th - At&t Of the 40 telecoms brands in the ranking, AT&T in 2016 overtook Verizon as the most valuable brand rising to $87bn from $59.9bn the year before 5/10 5th - Microsoft Microsoft's brand value rose marginally from $67.3bn to $76.3bn in 2016 6/10 6th - Samsung Amazon's brand value rose from $58.6bn to $66.2bn 7/10 7th - Verizon Verizon's brand value inched up from $63.1bn to $65.9bn 8/10 8th - Walmart Walmart's brand value rose from $53.6bn to $62.5bn 9/10 9th - Facebook Facebook's brand value increased sharply from $34bn to just shy of $62bn 10/10 10th - ICBC ICBC saw its brand value rise to $47.8bn from $36.3bn. It was the most valuabe financial brand in the world in 2016 replacing Wells Fargo “With no sign of a bounce in the pound on the horizon, and the UK economy continuing to confound post-Referendum expectations, UK businesses will remain a target for hungry investors,” he added. The pound has steadied somewhat in recent weeks, but remains well over 15 per cent lower against the dollar since the referendum and some say it could fall further once Article 50 is triggered, officially kicking off Brexit proceedings. More about: Lord Myners Kraft Heinz Unilever Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Upfronts 2017: Cable Nets Remind Advertisers TV Is About More Than Data By Jeanine Poggi - 33 minutes ago Array 0 The Connected Life Video: Finding the Magic in the Math 45 minutes ago Array 0 In a Blizzard of Cellphone Promos, McDonald's Tribute to a Teacher Stands Out on Viral Video Chart 1 hour ago Array 0 New iPhones Raise Funds to Fight AIDS; in China, Apple Doesn't Mention That By Angela Doland - 1 hour ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Chick-fil-A, Southwest Airlines, Dick's Sporting Goods and More By Catherine Gin - 1 hour ago Array 0 A House Sets Sail in This Dreamy Home Improvement Spot By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 SXSW Music: What Is Wrong With Us? By Geoff Cottrill - 7 hours ago 0 Production Costs Can Be Rigged Without Being Illegal By Emma Hall - 7 hours ago 0 Facebook Just Changed the Mobile Web Landscape With Header Bidding By George Slefo - 4 hours ago 0 Coalition for Better Ads Might Not Be the Solution Marketers Were Hoping For By George Slefo - 13 hours ago 0 Meet Ad Age's 2017 40 Under 40 - 2 days ago 0 Here Are the Podcasts That Influencers Turn to for Inspiration By Ad Age Staff - 2 days ago 0 Watch a Modern Ferris Bueller Track His Domino's Order By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 YouTube Clears Up Metrics Mess by Focusing on These Three Stats By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Study: Viewability Matters, But Likeability Matters Even More in Online Video By Jack Neff - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US ANA Aims to Standardize Gender Equality in Ads By Jack Neff. Published on March 20, 2017. In a bid to strengthen its #SeeHer gender-equality push, the Association of National Advertisers is making the ad-scoring system behind it available for any copy-testing service, meaning it could become a standard module in the software engines by which analytically inclined marketers evaluate ads. At the same time, the ANA's Alliance for Family Entertainment has completed testing the 200 most-watched TV shows using its Gender Equality Measure, with an eye toward providing those ratings to advertisers that want to align their gender-conscious ads with like-minded TV buys. "The reason we're testing both advertising and media is that context matters," said Shelley Zalis, a co-developer of #SeeHer, founder and CEO of the Girls' Lounge and former CEO of research firm OTX. TOP 10 GEM ADS TV Ranking (GEM) of 30-second ads, March 4-10 1 Aveeno Daily Moisturizing Lotion (113) Johnson & Johnson 2 Swiffer (112) Procter & Gamble 3 Brow Stylist Definer (109) L'Oreal Paris Coca-Cola (109) Coca-Cola 5 Amazon Echo Dot (108) Amazon Geico Auto Insurance (108) Geico McDonald's Happy Meal (108) McDonald's 8 Amazon Echo Dot (107) Amazon 9 Egg McMuffin with Canadian Bacon (106) McDonald's Garnier Whole Blends Hair Products (106) Garnier Source: Alliance for Family Entertainment/ABX The Gender Equality Measure scores ads or entertainment on how prominently they depict women, amid a larger industry conversation about gender equality in both ads and the business itself. It might seem unusual for competing copy-testing services to adopt a common methodology like the protocol behind GEM scores, but Ms. Zalis said copy testers tend to measure the same basic things, such as effects on purchase intent or likability, even if they get their scores in different ways or call them different things. "One thing that's very important for us is to measure what matters," Ms. Zalis said. "One of the biggest problems we've had in our industry is that we don't have accountability to measure progress." GEM already has been run on more than 17,000 ads, creating a "robust database," said Stephen Quinn, the former Walmart chief marketing officer who chairs the Alliance for Family Entertainment. While the ANA isn't generally releasing the results publicly, both camps are privately asking for diagnostics to help improve their scores, said Mr. Quinn, who will be meeting with media companies on the subject this week. Since those GEM scores could ultimately find their way into standards or software that govern media buys, the stakes for media are potentially huge. The Alliance for Family Entertainment also has developed GEM "bootcamps" to help advertisers understand and improve their gender-equality scores. Georgia-Pacific, marketer of such brands as Brawny and Quilted Northern, has fared well with GEM but was still the first company to participate in a bootcamp. The top 10 ads by GEM score from the week of March 4 show that there's no set formula. They include an ad from Procter & Gamble's Swiffer showing a little boy cutting the hair of his stuffed animals and sister, and mom cleaning up. Another two are conventional beauty ads from L'Oréal USA for L'Oréal Paris and Garnier. Amazon's Echo Dot fared well with two ads on the list featuring household vignettes with men and women. Coca-Cola made it with an ad featuring mostly male race car drivers plus Danica Patrick, while Geico appeared with arguably one of its least funny ads in years—albeit one with a man and woman getting equal face time. See the top 10 ads here: In this article: Ad Tech Agencies CPG Celebrity Creativity Culture Diversity News Packaged Food Research Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Enter to win – Sugar Sand VIP Getaway! News Markeith Loyd News Aramis Ayala: I may fight to stay on the Markeith Loyd murder cases Orange-Osceola state attorney says she will no longer pursue death penalty in any case In a press conference on the steps of the Orange County Courthouse, Orange-Osceola State Attorney Aramis Ayala announces that her office will no longer pursue the death penalty as a sentence in any case brought before the 9th Judicial Circuit of Florida, Thursday, March 16, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) In a press conference on the steps of the Orange County Courthouse, Orange-Osceola State Attorney Aramis Ayala announces that her office will no longer pursue the death penalty as a sentence in any case brought before the 9th Judicial Circuit of Florida, Thursday, March 16, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Rene Stutzman and Stephanie Allen Contact ReportersOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Orange-Osceola State Attorney Aramis Ayala on Monday said she is not willing to surrender the case of accused cop killer Markeith Loyd. Gov. Rick Scott removed her from the case Thursday, outraged when she said she would not seek the death penalty. He appointed a special prosecutor, Brad King. At a court hearing in Orlando on Monday, Ayala sat one seat away from King, the state attorney for Florida’s Fifth Judicial Circuit. What the governor did was unprecedented, she told Orange-Osceola Chief Circuit Judge Frederick Lauten, and “overstepped his bounds.” She said she may file a legal challenge and asked the judge temporarily to halt the two murder cases involving Loyd while she figures out what to do. Loyd is charged with killing Orlando police Lt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9 and, several weeks earlier, his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. Ayala said she at least wants to be part of Loyd’s prosecution. More than 100 lawyers, including two former Florida Supreme Court justices and Gil Garcetti, who prosecuted celebrity O.J. Simpson during his 1995 murder trial, are backing Ayala. They have signed a letter asking Scott to give the case back to her. She is an independently elected official, and Scott is guilty of overreach, they say. In Tallahassee, Scott defended his decision. When asked whether he would consider removing Ayala from office, he said, “We’ll continue to look at our options. Right now I’m focused on Markeith Loyd.” Asked if he would get involved in other potential death-penalty cases in Orange and Osceola counties, he said, “I’ll deal with that at the time.” On Monday, the assistant finance director at the Seminole County Clerk of Court Office was placed on paid administrative leave after posting Facebook comments saying Ayala “should be tarred and feathered if not hung from a tree” because she refuses to seek the death penalty. Stan McCullars, author of the post, later deleted it. He could not be reached for comment. His boss, Grant Maloy, said those comments “don’t reflect my beliefs.” Ayala is the first African-American state attorney in Florida and took office Jan. 3, serving Orange and Osceola counties. During her five-month election campaign, she did not state her position on the death penalty. Scott called Ayala about 3:20 p.m. Thursday to tell her he wanted her off the cases, she said. Court records show that about an hour later, she formally filed paperwork in both cases, saying the state would not seek the death penalty. King, who is the elected state attorney in Lake and four other counties, told the judge Monday he had no idea Ayala had filed that paperwork. He also had not seen a motion she filed Monday to halt Loyd’s proceedings temporarily. She no longer has jurisdiction to make any decisions related to the case, he argued. The judge did not rule on Ayala’s motion. Shortly after Monday’s hearing started, Ayala stood to address the judge. “I need to be clear: I think the governor overstepped his bounds,” she said. Although she is not yet sure what she’ll do, she said she will not interfere with King and wants to see Loyd successfully prosecuted. Loyd also criticized Scott: “The governor don’t know nothing about my case.” He suggested that Scott didn’t want Ayala to handle it “because she’s a woman, a woman of color.” Ayala wrote in Monday’s motion that when she was sworn in, “it was my expectation that if the Florida Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty, then in appropriate cases, I would seek the death penalty.” The document did not explain why she changed her position. She did, though, state that the governor removed her without due cause. “Giving the Governor the tremendous and unfettered discretion to interfere with … decision making would be unprecedented and could undermine the entire justice system in Florida,” she wrote. For the first time since his arrest Jan. 19, Loyd was not the center of attention at one of his court hearings. In the past, he has gone on long profane diatribes and claimed that the murder charges were filed against a corporation named “Markeith Loyd” — not him. On Monday he was calmer. He made an obscene gesture at reporters before the hearing began but generally sat quietly until the judge addressed him directly. He again told the judge that he does not want an attorney, but he said he does want someone to make the jail give him better medical care. He was kicked in the head and hit with guns, he said, and suffered a broken jaw, broken nose, head trauma and such severe damage to his left eye that it will have to be surgically removed. Lauten scheduled a hearing for 9 a.m. March 28 to consider whether Ayala has the authority to ask for a delay in the case. He will also consider whether to appoint a mental-health expert to determine whether Loyd is competent, and he will again take up the issue of whether to appoint a defense attorney. The injuries that Loyd described, the judge said, may having some bearing on his decision about whether to ask for a mental evaluation. Also Monday, Kevin Morenski, 31, announced plans to run as a Republican against Ayala in 2020. He said if elected, he would name Ken Lewis as his top assistant. Lewis was fired from that office last year after writing a Facebook post shortly after the June Pulse nightclub massacre in which he called downtown Orlando a “melting pot of third world miscreants and ghetto thugs.” Gray Rohrer, Steven Lemongello and David Harris of the Sentinel staff contributed to this report. rstutzman@orlandosentinel.com or 407-650-6394 GOP attorney announces 2020 run against Ayala » Seminole employee suspended for suggesting Ayala's death » Caption UCF plagued with spat of vehicle break-ins University of Central Florida police are on the hunt for four suspects who broke into a series of vehicles on and around campus. University of Central Florida police are on the hunt for four suspects who broke into a series of vehicles on and around campus. Caption UCF plagued with spat of vehicle break-ins University of Central Florida police are on the hunt for four suspects who broke into a series of vehicles on and around campus. University of Central Florida police are on the hunt for four suspects who broke into a series of vehicles on and around campus. Caption Governor Rick Scott on removing Aramis Ayala from Markeith Loyd's case Governor Rick Scott talks about his decision to remove Aramis Ayala from Markeith Loyd's case. Governor Rick Scott talks about his decision to remove Aramis Ayala from Markeith Loyd's case. Caption 17-year-old shot and killed outside LUX nightclub on I-Drive Cops have identified the 17-year-old shot dead outside LUX Ultra Lounge on International Drive Tuesday night. Detectives say a fight started inside the club and then spilled into the parking lot where shots were fired, killed Terron McCarty. Cops have identified the 17-year-old shot dead outside LUX Ultra Lounge on International Drive Tuesday night. Detectives say a fight started inside the club and then spilled into the parking lot where shots were fired, killed Terron McCarty. Caption OPD, city leaders dedicate new Orlando police headquarters Orlando police chief John Mina and Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer talk about the unveiling of the new Orlando Police Department headquarters during the dedication ceremony in Orlando,  Wednesday, March 22, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Orlando police chief John Mina and Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer talk about the unveiling of the new Orlando Police Department headquarters during the dedication ceremony in Orlando,  Wednesday, March 22, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Caption A man tries to abduct a girl in an Osceola Wal-Mart parking lot Deputies are looking for a man accused of trying to lure a young girl into his car Sunday outside an Osceola County Wal-Mart. He was driving a red Pontiac, possibly a Grand Prix. Anyone with information can call Crimeline at 800-423-8477. Deputies are looking for a man accused of trying to lure a young girl into his car Sunday outside an Osceola County Wal-Mart. He was driving a red Pontiac, possibly a Grand Prix. Anyone with information can call Crimeline at 800-423-8477. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Markeith Loyd David Harris Pulse Nightclub Massacre All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 69°
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy   Juan Williams: For GOP, a domino effect on health and taxes By Juan Williams - 03/20/17 06:00 AM EDT 169   © Greg Nash Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), the House Democratic Leader, reduces the many problems with the GOP healthcare plan to this: “They have no idea how to explain stealing $600 billion from working families’ health care to give more tax breaks to the richest people in our country.” Conservative political observers are also connecting the troubled GOP healthcare proposal to the Republicans’ longstanding promise to act on tax reform. ADVERTISEMENT Once again, the most important tweet last week in conservative politics did not come from President @realDonaldTrump. It came from Matt Drudge, the proprietor of the Drudge Report. “Republicans lied about wanting tax cuts,” he tweeted. “Can we get our votes back?” Drudge is looking ahead on the political horizon and seeing that ObamaCare replacement and tax reform can’t be separated. Without a healthcare plan that cuts federal spending, there is no chance for tax reform. President Trump stunned a lot of people with his honesty when he recently blurted out that he’d discovered that healthcare is “an unbelievably complex subject.” He added that he remained determined on healthcare for one reason: “And for budget purposes, as you know, we have to do healthcare before we do the tax cut,” he explained. Speaker Paul RyanPaul RyanTrump to meet Thursday with House Freedom Caucus members Healthcare fight pits Trump against Club for Growth High drama for ObamaCare vote MORE (R-Wis.) acknowledged as much to my Fox colleague Maria Bartiromo last week, while begging for his House caucus to support the problem-filled GOP healthcare proposal. “It makes tax reform a lot harder, it makes it more difficult…” without a new, low-cost healthcare plan, Ryan noted. In fact, Ryan built the House healthcare plan on the bedrock promise that it contains “massive tax relief.” But now with the GOP majority’s mash-up of an effort to replace ObamaCare, the tax reform plan looks like it is headed for the graveyard. The only hope for the GOP is to demand party loyalty to the ObamaCare replacement plan in the service of reviving the tax cuts. Ryan and Trump are twisting arms by telling GOP lawmakers that if they don’t pass tax reform, angry Republican voters will punish them in the 2018 midterms. But high pressure tactics to produce tax cuts can’t hide the GOP’s health reform implosion. After seven years of campaigning against ObamaCare, including numerous repeal votes and acts of open sabotage, Congressional Republicans have failed to come up with a better plan. They don’t even have an inferior plan they can agree on. Voters have noticed. A Fox News poll showed 54 percent disapproval of the Republican plan. About two-thirds of those who dislike the proposal say their complaint is about “too many changes to ObamaCare.” To save political face, Ryan is reversing course. He is signaling an openness to changing the failed GOP plan to buy votes from members of his caucus who are walking away from the fiasco. Even with that SOS call, the Speaker’s problem is that the Tea Party’s Freedom Caucus wants more cuts to ObamaCare programs for seniors and the poor. That kind of fix will not arrest the decline in public support. Meanwhile, Republicans and their allies in the business community are having anxiety attacks at the prospect of tax reform disappearing. They are divided over tax reform proposals, too. The biggest problem the Republicans face is the so-called “border adjustment tax.” Big manufacturers like Boeing support it, while big retailers like Walmart oppose it. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin HatchOrrin HatchOvernight Finance: US preps cases linking North Korea to Fed heist | GOP chair says Dodd-Frank a 2017 priority | Chamber pushes lawmakers on Trump's trade pick | Labor nominee faces Senate US Chamber urges quick vote on USTR nominee Lighthizer Live coverage: Day three of Supreme Court nominee hearing MORE (R- Utah) is not upbeat about the border adjustment tax: “I don’t think it’s going to pass over here. There’s not a lot of enthusiasm for it. We’re already working on what we’d like to do.” Trump’s chief economic advisor, Gary Cohn, raised the bar even higher when he told CNBC recently that any tax cut plan will be “deficit neutral over a 10-year period.” To make matters worse, other fault lines in the tax debate are emerging amongst Republicans. “The fight over a border-adjustment tax isn’t the only challenge for Republicans in their push for tax reform,” The Hill reported last week. “Notably, some business groups have criticized the proposal to do away with the deduction for businesses’ net interest expenses.” As The Hill also notes, conservative interest groups are pressing House Republicans to oppose Trump’s campaign promise to eliminate the carried interest tax break. It’s not like Trump and Republicans lack political cover to go bold on taxes. The problem is that the Congressional GOP is unable to reach consensus within its ranks on even its most basic principles. It is worth remembering that back in 2014, then-House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp, a Michigan Republican, put forward a reasonable tax reform proposal. It was revenue neutral and lowered rates on 99 percent of Americans. His fellow Republicans ignored him. They were busy demonizing ObamaCare. In their talking points, Congressional Republicans like to remind people that the nation has not seen comprehensive tax reform since 1986, when Republican President Ronald Reagan worked with a Democratic Speaker, Tip O’Neill. Republicans are learning there is a reason why it hasn’t happened in over three decades. Perhaps they should have listened to Camp when they had the chance. When it comes to a healthcare plan and tax reform, the GOP might as well echo the famous words of the comic-strip character Pogo: “We have met the enemy and he is us.” Juan Williams is an author, and a political analyst for Fox News Channel. The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Orrin Hatch Paul Ryan   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Top Dem calls for investigation... Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) on Thursday called for an investigation into... 2,545 Shares 2 Freedom Caucus, Trump reach '... Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) said Wednesday night he and... 783 Shares 3 Intelligence chairman sparks storm... In an extraordinary move, the chairman of the House panel investigating... 748 Shares 4 Trump dismisses risk of falsehoods... "Hey look, in the mean time, I guess, I can’t be doing so badly, because I... 662 Shares 5 McCain: Congress doesn't have '... Congress no longer has the credibility to independently tackle a probe of... 653 Shares 6 Healthcare fight pits Trump... The battle on the right over the GOP’s ObamaCare repeal-and-replace... 557 Shares 7 Schiff: I have 'grave concerns'... The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee said Wednesday that... 461 Shares 8 US probes Manafort’s banking:... The Treasury Department has obtained information as part of an anti-... 410 Shares 9 High drama for ObamaCare vote President Trump and GOP leaders are pulling out all the stops to win over... 311 Shares 10 FBI has info suggesting... The FBI has information suggesting that associates of President Trump may... 308 Shares 11 White House distances Trump from... The White House on Wednesday rushed to distance itself from President... 305 Shares 12 London mayor won't respond to... “I’m not going to respond to a tweet from Donald Trump Jr., I’ve been... 208 Shares 13 McCain: Nunes actions 'very... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) on Thursday said House Intelligence Chairman... 203 Shares 14 The Hill's Whip List: Where... Assuming all Democrats vote against the legislation, GOP leaders cannot... 188 Shares 15 Trump defends several... President Trump appeared to double down on several unsubstantiated claims... 148 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Unilever 'considering selling' brands including Flora margarine and Stork butter to enhance investor returns Last month Kraft Heinz dropped a £115bn offer to buy Unilever after the latter said that the bid was too low and carried no ‘financial or strategic’ merit Josie Cox Business Editor Monday 20 March 2017 08:45 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Unilever could be preparing to sell some of its best-known brands, including Flora margarine and Stork butter, in a bid to enhance investor returns, according to media reports. Several newspapers, including The Sunday Times and The Sunday Telegraph, have reported that the Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giant is next month due to publish a strategic review in which it could announce that it is off-loading some underperforming businesses in a £6bn auction. Read more Unilever shares fall sharply after Kraft Heinz drops bid The reports said that its margarine line is understood to be one of the businesses on the block as a result of changing consumer behaviour, leading to a slowdown in the market for spreads. Unilever was not immediately available for comment on Monday morning. Read more Unilever promises more profit. Can it stay cuddly too? Unilever is safe from Kraft for now, but this isn't over Unilever boss says Britons should 'get used to' price rises Unilever boss says Tesco Marmite row will be 'resolved soon' Last month Kraft Heinz dropped a £115bn ($143bn) offer to buy Unilever after the latter said that the bid was too low and carried no “financial or strategic” merit. A takeover would have been one of the biggest ever in corporate history, and the biggest ever acquisition of a UK-based company by a non-UK one, Thomson Reuters data showed at the time. The world’s most valuable brands 10 show all The world’s most valuable brands 1/10 1st - Google Google replaced Apple as the world’s most valuable brand, with a brand value of $109.5bn, according to Brand Finance 2/10 2nd - Apple Apple’s brand value declined from $145.9bn to $107.1bn in 2016 3/10 3rd - Amazon Amazon's brand value rose from $69.6bn to $106.4bn in 2016 4/10 4th - At&t Of the 40 telecoms brands in the ranking, AT&T in 2016 overtook Verizon as the most valuable brand rising to $87bn from $59.9bn the year before 5/10 5th - Microsoft Microsoft's brand value rose marginally from $67.3bn to $76.3bn in 2016 6/10 6th - Samsung Amazon's brand value rose from $58.6bn to $66.2bn 7/10 7th - Verizon Verizon's brand value inched up from $63.1bn to $65.9bn 8/10 8th - Walmart Walmart's brand value rose from $53.6bn to $62.5bn 9/10 9th - Facebook Facebook's brand value increased sharply from $34bn to just shy of $62bn 10/10 10th - ICBC ICBC saw its brand value rise to $47.8bn from $36.3bn. It was the most valuabe financial brand in the world in 2016 replacing Wells Fargo Kraft, which is the world’s fifth-largest food and beverage company, has already in recent years already been forced to adjust its product range to adjust to consumers’ changing preferences and a trend towards fresher, non-packaged items. In the wake of the failed takeover, some analysts said that Unilever may shift its focus to do the same, giving it the opportunity to enhance shareholder returns. More about: Unilever Kraft Heinz Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Today’s News What’s Hot B2B Payments Business Wire Retail Reinvention Opinion: Karen Webster Data & Research PYMNTS index Indexes Trackers Exclusive Series Commanders In Chief Series Company Spotlight Live Shows Digital Discussions 2016 PYMNTS.com/Alexa Challenge Events Report Store Pay-ology Videos Newsletter Signup Today’s News OPINION Karen Webster INDEXES TRACKERS Live Shows EVENTS Pay-ology Data Dive Data Dive, Fierce Competitors Edition: Amazon, Chase And Google. By PYMNTS Posted on March 20, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share Share Email March this week improved on its “in like a lion” bonafides with a mid-month blizzard that socked most of the Northeast and gave us all our collective doubts that any lamb-like exits were in our national future. Innovation Project, incidentally, battled back against the blizzard and kept Cambridge warm despite the ice — which we’ll have coverage about all week. Those parts of the nation that froze as the week started ended the week in the grips of insanity — literally, since the 2017 NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball Tournament is underway, as is the attendant “March Madness.” We can’t tell you who to put in your bracket (our teams have mostly already been eliminated from the Sweet 16), but should payments and commerce ever get into bracket-based rankings, we could be terribly useful. This week, for example, Amazon, Chase and Google all made big plays that at least indicated bracket-worthiness. How will this change the shape of the game? Alexa’s Big App Integration Americans without an Echo, Dot or one of a third-party device integrated with Alexa got some good news this week. Soon they too will be able to talk to Alexa — so long as they have the Amazon iOS app on their phones — as Amazon announced last week that it will be embedding its virtual digital assistant into the app. The iOS instantiation of Alexa will be able to shop, play music and perform a “host of other useful tasks” according to the company’s website. Using Alexa via a phone is a similar experience to talking to the device-based edition. Users can ask Alexa to “search for paper towels,” “reorder batteries,” “track my last order” or “find bestselling camera,” which the device will then pull up. As for tasks, Alexa can respond to commands like “play some music,” “play the Beatles,” as well as answer basic questions on the weather, traffic or calendar (“When is Memorial Day?” is a suggested sample question). The move follows a big uptick in Alexa’s skill count. As of last month, the AI voice-activated assistant hit the 10,000 skill milestone. Notably, though Alexa can do a lot, consumers have largely been drawn to a small segment of use cases: News, games and trivia, reference, lifestyle and weather skills comprise the majority share. Will Alexa’s in-app integration make a difference? If it is successful, that is almost certainly a yes for Amazon. Alexa is a learning AI, meaning the more users it has, the more it learns and the better it does. By opening up to the set of iOS users, Amazon potentially has access to a lot of data coming its way. But that only happens if Alexa can successfully compete with Siri, the voice-activated AI that already lives on the iPhone and that users are more familiar with using. Siri also has the advantage of being integrated with the software and is more closely tied to Apple’s overall ecosystem. But users do love Alexa — and if it is outstrips Siri for skills despite being less integrated, the fight for that smartphone real estate could start looking pretty fierce. Chase Pay Grabs up MCX’s Payments Tech In an effort to further expand Chase Pay, JPMorgan Chase has inked a deal to acquire MCX’s payments technology. The transaction is expected to close in the next few weeks. MCX, according to a JPMC release, will give MCX merchants a more “seamless” connection to Chase Pay. “When we think about FinTech, we go through a ‘build/buy/partner’ evaluation to decide how we can get to market most efficiently,” said Jennifer Roberts, head of Chase Pay. “MCX has been an important partner, and their technology complements ours, so we’re thrilled to deepen our relationships with the merchant community through the purchase of this technology. This will help us get to market faster.” Chase Pay launched in November 2016 with a few initial merchants. Since then, it has announced upcoming integrations with Walmart, Shell, Best Buy, Phillips 66 and Wakefern. In December, Chase also announced an investment in LevelUp to bring the ability to order and pay ahead to customers at thousands of quick-service restaurants. The firm also announced an integration with mobile-first movie ticketing platform Atom Tickets. “Consistent with our mission to provide secure, consumer-friendly and cost-effective mobile payment solutions to the marketplace, MCX took advantage of this opportunity to have the solution expanded to the broader merchant community,” said Brian Mooney, CEO of MCX. Payments Come to Gmail In one of the quieter moves of the week, Google announced that the Gmail app on Android will now enable people to send and request money from anyone, even if they do not have a Gmail address. “Whether you’re splitting a dinner bill or planning a group trip, you now have a fee-free way to work out the details and settle up without ever leaving the Gmail app on Android, just like you can already do on the web,” Sam Kansara, a product manager at Google, said in a blog post. The new capability essentially allows a user to send money in the same way they would send an attachment in an email message. Once funds have been received by the recipient, that person can claim the money and have it transferred directly to a selected bank account without having to add or install any additional apps. “We believe that experiences like this should be contextual. Users shouldn’t have to switch apps to complete an interaction where they just need to send or receive money,” a Google spokesperson told PYMNTS. “This integration makes it easier for users to be able to do things in a medium where they’re already communicating with others, so it’s logical to move the payment interaction there too.” Currently the feature is only available in the U.S. and on the web or Android and comes into a very crowded market — Venmo, Square Cash, Facebook Messenger and Zelle are the immediate shortlist that spring to mind. But Google feels that Gmail’s one billion active monthly users might prefer using Gmail better. Feels like a slog. So while we can’t tell you how to build a better bracket, we do have some good overall advice this week. Don’t blink, you might miss something. Related Items:Alexa, Alphabet, Amazon, Amazon app, Chase Pay, Commerce, Data Dive, Featured News, Gmail, Google, JPMC, MCX, News, siri Share Tweet Share Share Share Email Recommended for you Subscription Services Not Resonating With Baby Boomers, Gen Exers CO-OP Financial Enlists AI In Fraud Fight Did North Koreans Steal From Bangladesh? Get our hottest stories delivered to your inbox. Signup for the PYMNTS.com Newsletter to get updates on top stories and viral hits. email: Click to comment Post navigation Finding The Ticket To Online Platform Success SAP Ariba’s Spot Buy Launches In Australia TRENDING RIGHT NOW 3.9K Investments House Of Fraser Pulls £29 Million From Tandem Investment 3.5K B2B Payments How Regulators May Help Curb Late Supplier Payments 2.7K Chatbots Chatbot Tracker: To Jump Or Not To Jump On The Chatbot Wagon? 2.5K Investments Corporate Profits Forecasts For Q1 Starting To Dim 2.5K Regulation Regulators Clarify KYC Rules To Push U.S. Banks To Work Cross-Border 2.3K Post-Election Strong Dollar, Trump Immigration Policies Hurting US Travel Industry 2.2K Security & Fraud Can A New Ad Campaign Save Wells Fargo? 2.1K Fintech Investments Is The Silicon Valley Startup Scene On Its Way Out? 2.1K Retail Bringg Brings Competitive Edge In On-Demand Climate 2.1K Retail Walmart Launches Startup Incubator — Store No. 8 2.1K Consumer Finance Experian Partners With Finicity To Speed Up Lending 2.1K What's Hot Wearables Market On The Decline? 2.1K Security & Fraud Anonymous Is Increasing Hacks Of Central Banks 1.9K Amazon The Amazon Effect On … Payments 1.8K Bitcoin Chinese Bitcoin Rules Would Require Identify Verification What's next in payments and commerce Newsletter Signup About Terms & Conditions Contact © 2017 What’s Next Media and Data Analytics, LLC To Top
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold is Dead) Trading Strategies6 Update: Ekso Bionics: "Make or Break" Moment Trading Strategies 0 Three Reasons This Is Not 1999 Trading Strategies0 Three Ways to Play a Reversal for Big Profits If the "Trump Rally" Fails Trading Strategies6 Why You Should Stay Away from Snap's IPO Trading Strategies1 Three Reasons You Shouldn't Try to Invest Like Warren Buffett Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Disruptive Trend Could Soon Be Worth $86 Billion – Here's How Investors Can Get in Right Now Trading Strategies0 How to Profit Safely and Smartly in This Slowing Market Investing Ideas0 The Illusion of Bargain Retail Stocks – and How to Trade Them Now trading strategies0 This Antiquated $1.2 Trillion Industry Is About to Experience a Major Disruption – Here's How to Profit Trading Strategies3 The Bull Market's Eighth "Birthday" Is the Perfect Time to Invest trading strategies0 The Future of Retail Is Not What You Think Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets1 How to Profit After The Worst Trading Day in 2017 Global Markets0 Rate Hike Briefing: Here's What Those 25 Points Mean for You Global Markets1 These 4 Plunging Stocks Have One Subtle "Code Word" in Common Global Markets1 Here's What the Media Is Ignoring About TSLA'S Sketchy Earnings Global Markets0 The Death of Retail Is Taking a Big Bite Out of This Food Company Global Markets0 TSLA Will Announce Earnings Today – Here's My Prediction Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Zenith Trading Circler Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Yellen’s Next 0.25% Rate Hike Could Destroy This Industry Options1 Why You Don't Need to Fear a Market Correction retirement0 The Truth About Dow 21,000 trading strategies0 How to Pocket an Easy 100% Profit on Home Depot Options0 Your Most Lucrative Bitcoin Play of the Year Could Arrive Next Week Options0 The Only Reason to Ever Sit Out of the Stock Market Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Money Calendar Pro Private service. Not a member? Weekly Cash Clock Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Stocks0 How to Profit from the U.S.-U.K. Marijuana “Research Gap” Technology0 As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money Technology0 With This Stock, 1.86 Billion People Will Be Your Tenants Trading Strategies 0 The One Way to Keep Beating the Market by 50% Trading Strategies0 The Real Headline Behind White House's Latest Marijuana Comments Technology0 We Started Hating This Company Just in Time Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 This "Nanocatalyst" Breakthrough Will Change the Way We Drive Cars Forever Oil0 What This Oil Price Roller Coaster Actually Tells Us Trading Strategies 0 What I Revealed in My Windsor Briefings, Part I Oil0 The Donald Takes the Stage at Windsor Oil2 What It's Like at the Most Important Energy Conference of 2017 Oil0 How Iran's Gas Plans Just Put Russia "Under Siege" Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Micro Energy Trader Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Don't Get Stopped by the "Declination of Independence" Two of our favorite U.S. heavyweights – The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) and Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F) – are pushing forward with plans to put factories in China, positioning themselves to be winners in the part of the world where we’ll see the most growth in the decade to come. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold is Dead) Trading Strategies6 Update: Ekso Bionics: "Make or Break" Moment Trading Strategies 0 Three Reasons This Is Not 1999 Trading Strategies0 Three Ways to Play a Reversal for Big Profits If the "Trump Rally" Fails Trading Strategies6 Why You Should Stay Away from Snap's IPO Trading Strategies1 Three Reasons You Shouldn't Try to Invest Like Warren Buffett Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Disruptive Trend Could Soon Be Worth $86 Billion – Here's How Investors Can Get in Right Now Trading Strategies0 How to Profit Safely and Smartly in This Slowing Market Investing Ideas0 The Illusion of Bargain Retail Stocks – and How to Trade Them Now trading strategies0 This Antiquated $1.2 Trillion Industry Is About to Experience a Major Disruption – Here's How to Profit Trading Strategies3 The Bull Market's Eighth "Birthday" Is the Perfect Time to Invest trading strategies0 The Future of Retail Is Not What You Think Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets1 How to Profit After The Worst Trading Day in 2017 Global Markets0 Rate Hike Briefing: Here's What Those 25 Points Mean for You Global Markets1 These 4 Plunging Stocks Have One Subtle "Code Word" in Common Global Markets1 Here's What the Media Is Ignoring About TSLA'S Sketchy Earnings Global Markets0 The Death of Retail Is Taking a Big Bite Out of This Food Company Global Markets0 TSLA Will Announce Earnings Today – Here's My Prediction Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Zenith Trading Circler Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Yellen’s Next 0.25% Rate Hike Could Destroy This Industry Options1 Why You Don't Need to Fear a Market Correction retirement0 The Truth About Dow 21,000 trading strategies0 How to Pocket an Easy 100% Profit on Home Depot Options0 Your Most Lucrative Bitcoin Play of the Year Could Arrive Next Week Options0 The Only Reason to Ever Sit Out of the Stock Market Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Money Calendar Pro Private service. Not a member? Weekly Cash Clock Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Stocks0 How to Profit from the U.S.-U.K. Marijuana “Research Gap” Technology0 As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money Technology0 With This Stock, 1.86 Billion People Will Be Your Tenants Trading Strategies 0 The One Way to Keep Beating the Market by 50% Trading Strategies0 The Real Headline Behind White House's Latest Marijuana Comments Technology0 We Started Hating This Company Just in Time Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 This "Nanocatalyst" Breakthrough Will Change the Way We Drive Cars Forever Oil0 What This Oil Price Roller Coaster Actually Tells Us Trading Strategies 0 What I Revealed in My Windsor Briefings, Part I Oil0 The Donald Takes the Stage at Windsor Oil2 What It's Like at the Most Important Energy Conference of 2017 Oil0 How Iran's Gas Plans Just Put Russia "Under Siege" Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Micro Energy Trader Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: 3 Pot Stocks to Watch in 2017 Message: URL: https://mney.co/2nMn85d three  −   =  1 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: 3 Pot Stocks to Watch in 2017 Message: URL: https://mney.co/2nMn85d 8  −   =  two Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter no responses Stocks 3 Pot Stocks to Watch in 2017 By Money Morning News Team, Contributing Writer, Money Morning • March 17, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  +  7  =  8 Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Looking for pot stocks to watch? Savvy investors around the world are because the growing legalization of marijuana is the biggest investing news of 2017. Last November, states including Maine, California, and Massachusetts voted to legalize cannabis recreationally. This spring, Canadians are expected to vote on making pot legal nationwide. All that means that sales of marijuana – already robust – are likely going to be growing by leaps and bounds. Last year, legal marijuana sales in North America totaled $6.7 billion. That's impressive, but it's not as impressive as projected 2020 sales figures. Pot sales are expected to reach $22 billion by 2020. That's a skyrocketing 225% climb in just four years. BRILLIANT: Average Americans Are Becoming Marijuana Millionaires Bear in mind, Money Morning does not currently recommend any specific pot stocks. We just want to give savvy investors enough information so they know who the leading companies are in the industry. And after we share our three stock picks, we have a free report on the marijuana industry available at the end of the article. So if you want to keep an eye on the top pot stocks to watch, here they are… Top Pot Stocks to Watch No. 3: Growblox Sciences Inc. One of the top pot stocks to watch is Growblox Sciences Inc. (OTCMKTS: GBLX). Growblox Sciences researches and develops medical pot for treatment of multiple conditions, including Parkinson's disease, epilepsy, Alzheimer's, and pancreatic cancer. It also researches technologies for plant cultivation so that pot can be divided into medical grades, concentrates, and more. GBLX shares have climbed over 91% in the last 12 months. Top Pot Stocks to Watch No. 2: Scotts Miracle-Gro Co. If you've ever strolled through Home Depot Inc. (NYSE: HD) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) on a weekend, you've encountered Scotts Miracle-Gro Co. (NYSE: SMG). It's one of the best-known names in garden and yard cultivation. And at some point, it occurred to CEO James Hagedorn that cultivation was cultivation and hey, why not get into pot? It was a savvy move for this company. Money Morning Director of Tech & Venture Capital Research Michael A. Robinson believes that SMG is definitely worthy of watching. Scotts has bought two firms that make pot accessories and pot fertilizer. Over the last 12 months, the SMG stock price has climbed over 24%. It is also pays shareholders a dividend of $0.50, which is a yield of 2.19%. And our next pot stock was one of the top performers in 2016 and still is expected to climb in 2017… Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: pot stocks Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website one  ×  nine  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Don't Get Stopped by the "Declination of Independence" Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News March 23, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News Today: Stocks Up Ahead of Obamacare Repeal Vote, Janet Yellen Speech March 22, 2017 By Keith Fitz-Gerald Leave a Comment How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold is Dead) March 22, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Markets Flat Ahead of Obamacare Repeal Vote Trending Posts 10682 Reads 67 Likes Top Marijuana Stock to Watch This Week (March 20) There's a marijuana stock every investor needs on their radar this week. Here's what you need to know... 5826 Reads 134 Likes Why Is the Ethereum Price Rising? The Ethereum price is rising partly because of the hard fork crisis in the Bitcoin community. But the price of Ethereum was bound to rise anyway. Here's why... Today's Markets DJIA -6.71 (0.03%) 20,661.30 NASDAQ 27.81 (0.48%) 5,821.64 S&P 4.43 (0.19%) 2,348.45 HD 0.19 (0.13%) 147.55 WMT 0.15 (0.21%) 70.10 SMG 1.03 (1.13%) 91.95 GWPH 0.44 (0.37%) 119.50 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Bill O’Reilly Says He’s “Basically a Smart Mouth” SmartMouth Activated Breath Rinses I like that SmartMouth stuff because I’m basically a smart mouth. Past News Releases RSS St. Louis, Missouri (PRWEB) March 20, 2017 In the Tip of the Day segment on his show Wednesday evening, Bill O’Reilly, host of „The O’Reilly Factor” on Fox News, discussed his use of SmartMouth Oral Rinse in his daily dental health regimen as part of his strategy to maintain good oral health and avoid pain at the dentist’s office. “You should brush your teeth three times a day and floss every night, then use a rinse twice a day,” says O’Reilly. “I like that SmartMouth stuff because I’m basically a smart mouth. If you do those things every day, you can build up a defense system in your mouth and avoid much unpleasantness.” SmartMouth Activated Oral Rinse, manufactured by Triumph Pharmaceuticals, features a two-liquid formula that works differently than typical mouth washes because it targets sulfur gas, which is the real cause of bad breath and may harm gum tissue in the mouth. Combining the Sulfur Eliminating Solution and the Zinc Activating Solution activates millions of zinc ions that prevent and eliminate sulfur gas in the mouth for 12 hours. Used in the morning and at night, SmartMouth’s benefits last for a full 24 hours. “We were surprised and thrilled to hear Bill O’Reilly talk about SmartMouth as his Tip of the Day Wednesday night,” says Andrew Burch, CEO of Triumph Pharmaceuticals. “We agree that our products are an important component in building and maintaining great oral health. All of our oral rinses eliminate and prevent bad breath, and we have targeted formulas that soothe dry mouth and provide maximum anti plaque and anti gingivitis benefits to help prevent bleeding gums.” SmartMouth Oral Rinse has three formulas: Original Activated, Clinical (Gum & Plaque) and new Dry Mouth. Their bad breath prevention product line also includes travel packs, toothpaste, tongue cleaners and mints. SmartMouth is available at Walmart, Walgreens, Target, CVS and most drugstores and supermarkets. For more information, visit http://www.smartmouth.com. About Triumph Pharmaceuticals Triumph Pharmaceuticals, Inc., manufactures and markets SmartMouth branded mouthwash, toothpaste and mints through national retailers and online. Headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, Triumph Pharmaceuticals and its SmartMouth brand have been working to end bad breath since 1993. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized Tagsdefense, Health, Markets, Travel, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vasont Systems Certifies Adobe FrameMaker® 2017 for the Vasont® Content Management System Next PostNext uAvionix, Kongsberg Geospatial Announce Integrated ADS-B Technology to Improve Drone Safety Search Recent Posts Smartphone Satisfaction Higher as Customer Homes Become More Connected, J.D. Power Finds LinearHub to Participate in Enterprise Connect 2017 for Entry into US Markets SS&C Announces Revolutionary Client Communications Platform, Vision FI MetTel Brings in Former Ingram, BT Global Services Channel Executive to Expand Business Partner Ecosystem EXFO honored by 2017 Lightwave Innovation Reviews Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Vodafone and Idea Cellular to merge Indian operations and create country’s biggest telecoms group The combined Vodafone-Idea group would have almost 400 million customers, or 35 per cent market share Devidutta Tripathy, Rafael Nam Monday 20 March 2017 07:46 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Vodafone, the world's second-largest cellphone operator, will own 45.1 per cent of the merged entity Reuters Britain's Vodafone and Idea Cellular agreed on Monday to merge their Indian operations to create the country's biggest telecoms business in a bid to contest a brutal price war sparked by new rival Reliance. The combined Vodafone-Idea group would have almost 400 million customers, or 35 per cent market share, with an implied enterprise value of 828bn rupees ($12.66 billion) for Vodafone and 722bn rupees for Idea. "The combined entity will become the leading challenger with the scale to compete more effectively," Idea said in the statement. Read more Vodafone to create 2,100 UK customer service jobs India's mobile industry was thrown into turmoil with the launch last year of Reliance Jio Infocomm, the new 4G mobile broadband network built at a cost of more than $20bn by India's richest businessman, Mukesh Ambani, as part of his Reliance Industries conglomerate. Mr Jio has made an impact with free voice calls and cut-price data services, forcing India's three biggest operators - Bharti Airtel, Vodafone and Idea - to slash prices and accept lower profits. "Consolidation is a much anticipated and very welcome development in this beleaguered telecom sector," said Arpita Pal Agrawal, a partner and telecom analyst at PwC India. "It will help bring in operational efficiencies and improved quality of service to customers." Read more Vodafone to recruit thousands of women who have taken a career break Vodafone is in talks to create India’s biggest telecommunications firm Vodafone loses £4.3bn as price war in India heats up Vodafone fined £4.6m by Ofcom for ‘serious’ customer failings Vodafone has endured a tumultuous ride since it entered India in 2007, with fierce competition and a high-profile tax battle making a business contributing more than 10 per cent of its revenues and profits its most unpredictable by far. Shares in Idea rose as much as 14.25 per cent immediately after the news but reversed course to fall as much as 14.6 per cent, as traders expressed concerns about how the merged entity would value Idea's stake. Vodafone, the world's second-largest cellphone operator, will own 45.1 per cent of the merged entity, after it transfers about 4.9 per cent to promoters of Idea and/or their affiliates for 38.74bn rupees ($592.15m) in cash, Idea said. Aditya Birla Group, the majority owner of Idea, will own 26 per cent while other shareholders will own the remaining 28.9 per cent. Aditya and Vodafone eventually aim to own an equal share of the joint venture. The joint venture will have a combined enterprise value of $23.2bn. Vodafone and Idea, which first announced they were in talks in January, expected cost and capex synergies of about $10bn in net present value after integration costs and spectrum payments, Idea said on Monday. Idea would have the sole right to appoint the chairman, while Vodafone would appoint the chief financial officer. The world’s most valuable brands 10 show all The world’s most valuable brands 1/10 1st - Google Google replaced Apple as the world’s most valuable brand, with a brand value of $109.5bn, according to Brand Finance 2/10 2nd - Apple Apple’s brand value declined from $145.9bn to $107.1bn in 2016 3/10 3rd - Amazon Amazon's brand value rose from $69.6bn to $106.4bn in 2016 4/10 4th - At&t Of the 40 telecoms brands in the ranking, AT&T in 2016 overtook Verizon as the most valuable brand rising to $87bn from $59.9bn the year before 5/10 5th - Microsoft Microsoft's brand value rose marginally from $67.3bn to $76.3bn in 2016 6/10 6th - Samsung Amazon's brand value rose from $58.6bn to $66.2bn 7/10 7th - Verizon Verizon's brand value inched up from $63.1bn to $65.9bn 8/10 8th - Walmart Walmart's brand value rose from $53.6bn to $62.5bn 9/10 9th - Facebook Facebook's brand value increased sharply from $34bn to just shy of $62bn 10/10 10th - ICBC ICBC saw its brand value rise to $47.8bn from $36.3bn. It was the most valuabe financial brand in the world in 2016 replacing Wells Fargo The appointment of a chief executive officer and a chief operating officer would require the approval of both companies, which would get the right to nominate three board members each. The deal does not include Vodafone's 42 per cent stake in Indus Towers, a joint venture between the British group, a unit of Bharti Airtel and Idea Cellular. But both Idea and Vodafone said they would use their respective stakes in Indus Tower as well as standalone tower assets to reduce debt. Idea owns 11.15 per cent of the joint venture, while Vodafone owns 42 per cent. Reuters More about: Vodafone Idea Cellular India Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Search Sign In Link your subscription The New Yorker Sign in Link your subscription Shop Home News Culture Books Business & Tech Humor Cartoons Magazine Video Audio Archive Goings On Search Close Annals of Justice March 14, 2016 Issue The List When juveniles are found guilty of sexual misconduct, the sex-offender registry can be a life sentence. By Sarah Stillman Share Tweet Table of Contents Parents of both the abused and the accused are seeking to reform policy on juveniles who sexually offend. Credit Illustration by Geoff McFetridge One morning in 2007, Leah DuBuc, a twenty-two-year-old college student in Kalamazoo, began writing an essay for English class that she hoped would save her life. She knew that people like her had been beaten, bombed, shot at, killed. The essay aired details about her past that she’d long tried to suppress; by posting it on her class’s server, where anyone who Googled her name could find it, she thought she might be able to quiet the whispers, the threats, and possibly make it easier to find a job. Her story, she warned, “is not a nice one, but hopefully it will have a happy ending.” DuBuc had grown up in Howell, Michigan, a small town of berry and melon farmers. In high school, she had thrived. She had earned straight A’s, written for the school newspaper, led Students Against Driving Drunk (she voted to change the name to Students Against Destructive Decisions, she says, to stress that “there are lots of bad decisions that can get you killed”), and performed in “Grease” and “Once Upon a Mattress,” while working part time as a cashier at Mary’s Fabulous Chicken & Fish. “High school was bliss for me,” DuBuc said recently. “I tried not to dwell on the stuff that wasn’t good.” But, as she was about to start her freshman year at Western Michigan University, she got a call from a close childhood friend, Victoria, who asked, “Did you know you’re on the public sex-offender registry?” Her friend, who had just given birth to a baby girl, had logged on to the Michigan Public Sex Offender Registry Web site to search for local predators. She had entered her Zip Code, and there was Leah’s face—her copper bangs, her wide cheeks, her brown eyes staring blankly from the photograph. Her name, weight, and height were listed; so was the address where she’d grown up, playing beneath tall pines and selling five-cent rocks that she’d painted with nail polish. Something DuBuc had done at the age of ten had caught up with her. Victoria knew the story, which DuBuc described as “play-acting sex,” in elementary school, with her younger step-siblings. Online browsers would see only the words on the page: “CRIMINAL SEXUAL CONDUCT.” A senior in college now, DuBuc was tired of hiding. She wanted everyone to know what it was like to join the many thousands of people across the country who are on the registry—often decades into adulthood—for crimes they committed as children. “After reading my very condensed life story,” she wrote, “I am convinced you will agree that I am a strong, determined young woman, who has risen above the obstacles which have been set in my path.” On an April morning, she published the essay, titled “So, Who is Leah DuBuc Anyway?,” and prayed for relief. When I visited DuBuc in Howell last summer, I had already spoken to a number of people who had been accused of sex offenses as juveniles and ended up on a public registry. Some, like DuBuc, had been placed on the registry for things they’d done before they reached their teens. In Charla Roberts’s living room, not far from Paris, Texas, I learned how, at the age of ten, Roberts had pulled down the pants of a male classmate at her public elementary school. She was prosecuted for “indecency with a child,” and added to the state’s online offender database for the next ten years. The terms of her probation barred her from leaving her mother’s house after six in the evening, leaving the county, or living in proximity to “minor children,” which ruled out most apartments. When I spoke to the victim, he was shocked to learn of Roberts’s fate. He described the playground offense as an act of “public humiliation, instead of a sexual act”—a hurtful prank, but hardly a sex crime. Roberts can still be found on a commercial database online, her photo featured below a banner that reads, “PROTECT YOUR CHILD FROM SEX OFFENDERS.” Lifting a Life SentenceThe attorney Nicole Pittman, the founder of the Center on Youth Registration Reform, advocates for keeping juveniles off sex-offender lists. New technologies in the hands of teens are another route to the registry. In Prince William County, Virginia, two years ago, a seventeen-year-old high-school junior sent a sexual video to his teen-age girlfriend, and found himself charged with manufacturing and distributing child pornography. The county prosecutor obtained a search warrant to photograph “the erect penis of the defendant.” (Pursuit of the photo was abandoned only after there was a public outcry.) In Fayetteville, North Carolina, a sixteen-year-old girl faced multiple felony charges for “sexting” a picture of herself to her boyfriend. According to the county sheriff’s warrant, she was both the adult perpetrator of the crime at hand—“sexual exploitation of a minor”—and its child victim. Her boyfriend faced similar charges. Most juveniles on the sex-offender registry pose a more daunting public-policy challenge: they have caused sexual harm to other children, through non-consensual touch and other abusive behaviors. Childhood sexual abuse is troublingly widespread. According to the Centers for Disease Control, as many as one out of every four girls and one out of every six boys have experienced some form of sexual abuse before the age of eighteen, and in a third of such cases, the National Center on the Sexual Behavior of Youth says, the offenses were committed by other juveniles. “The single age with the greatest number of offenders from the perspective of law enforcement was age 14,” a study sponsored by the Department of Justice notes. Often, these incidents go unreported. But the devastation that may result from childhood sexual assault can last a lifetime, fuelling depression, addiction, suicidal thoughts, and other signs of post-traumatic stress. Compounding the original trauma is the fact that victims’ voices are often silenced, sometimes by those in positions of trust or power. Kids who sexually harm other kids seldom target strangers. A very small number have committed violent rapes. More typical is the crime for which Josh Gravens, of Abilene, Texas, was sent away, more than a decade ago, at the age of thirteen. Gravens was twelve when his mother learned that he had inappropriately touched his eight-year-old sister on two occasions; she sought help from a Christian counselling center, and a staffer there was legally obliged to inform the police. Gravens was arrested, placed on the public registry, and sent to juvenile detention for nearly four years. Now, at twenty-nine, he’s become a leading figure in the movement to strike juveniles from the registry and to challenge broader restrictions that he believes are ineffectual. He has counselled more than a hundred youths who are on public registries, some as young as nine. He says that their experiences routinely mirror his own: “Homelessness; getting fired from jobs; taking jobs below minimum wage, with predatory employers; not being able to provide for your kids; losing your kids; relationship problems; deep inner problems connecting with people; deep depression and hopelessness; this fear of your own name; the terror of being Googled.” Often, juvenile defendants aren’t seen as juveniles before the law. At the age of thirteen, Moroni Nuttall was charged as an adult, in Montana, for sexual misconduct with relatives; after pleading guilty, he was sentenced to forty years in prison, thirty-six of which were suspended, and placed on a lifetime sex-offender registry. In detention, the teen-ager was sexually assaulted and physically abused. Upon his release, his mother, Heidi, went online in search of guidance. “I’m trying to be hopeful,” she wrote on an online bulletin board, but “I wonder if he even stands a chance.” Share Tweet Buy a cartoon Last fall, she contacted a national group called Women Against Registry, joining the ranks of mothers who are calling into question what a previous group of parents, those of victimized children, fought hard to achieve. Recently, common ground between the two groups has emerged. Many politicians still won’t go near the issue, but a growing number of parents—along with legal advocates, scholars, and even law-enforcement officials—are beginning to ask whether the registry is truly serving the children whom it was designed to protect. If the sex-offender registry is a modern development, the impulse behind it—to prevent crimes by keeping tabs on “bad actors”—is not. In 1937, after the sexualized murders of several young girls in New York, Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia called for the police to keep a secret list of “all known degenerates.” A decade later, California built the first database of sex offenders, for private use by the police. But the practice of regulation took off only in the nineteen-nineties, when a tragedy changed the public’s sense of the stakes involved. One evening in 1989, in the quiet town of St. Joseph, Minnesota, Patty and Jerry Wetterling set out for dinner at a friend’s house, leaving their eleven-year-old son, Jacob, at home with two of his siblings and a friend. Just after sundown, three of them left on their bikes and scooters to rent movies. Returning home, the kids came upon a masked gunman, who grabbed Jacob and chased off the others with death threats. Frantic searches followed, to no avail. Investigators didn’t know the abductor’s motivation, but feared that it was sexual. Afterward, Patty Wetterling kept returning to the question of what might have helped the police find her son’s abductor during those critical early hours. Officials told her that what they needed was a unified database of local residents who had sex-crime convictions. Wetterling went on to fight for such a registry—first in Minnesota, and then nationally. In 1994, she helped win the first federal mandate that all states create a database of people convicted of violent sex crimes or crimes against children. It was known as the Jacob Wetterling Act. “Initially, this was supposed to be a private law-enforcement tool,” Patty Wetterling told me. “I was one of those people who thought, Once a sex offender, always a sex offender, and my view was: Lock ’em up and send ’em away, forever and ever.” The act marked the first in a series of sex-registry laws, mostly named after nightmarish “stranger danger” cases. Megan’s Law, passed in 1996, required that states make their registries accessible to the public. Jessica’s Law, and its variants, established long mandatory minimum sentences for first-time offenders convicted of sex crimes against children, and stipulated that certain offenders be subject to lifetime electronic monitoring after their release. Particularly consequential was the crusade of John Walsh, the host of “America’s Most Wanted” and the father of a six-year-old boy who, in 1981, was abducted inside a shopping mall and beheaded. Walsh lobbied for the most sweeping set of changes to date: the Adam Walsh Act. It broadened the scope of the sex-offender registry, mandating the full disclosure of a former offender’s address, along with a photograph, and more; promulgated a form of indefinite detention, known as “civil commitment”; and, in a late addition to the bill, required that children as young as fourteen who had committed certain sex offenses be placed on the public registry. Jurisdictions that refused to comply would lose federal funds. In 2005, Patty Wetterling travelled to Washington, D.C., with other grieving parents, to support an early version of the bill. “We will not tolerate sexual violence against our children,” she said at a press conference. An amendment adding certain juvenile offenders to the federal bill had been spurred by the devastating testimony of a teen-ager named Amie Zyla; at the age of eight, Zyla had been sexually abused by another youth, who had gone on to reoffend years later. “We cannot sit back and allow kids to continue to be hurt,” Zyla told Congress. “The simple truth is that juvenile sex offenders turn into adult predators.” On July 27, 2006, George W. Bush signed the Adam Walsh Act into law. Leah DuBuc was a gregarious child. Plump and pleasant-looking, with ginger hair and freckles, she took the crown at the Little Miss Summer pageant, in lakeside Pentwater, Michigan, belting out “You Are My Sunshine”; she brought the same gusto to gardening and tap-dance recitals. Leah’s troubles began when she was eight and her parents got divorced. Her father remarried and won custody of her and her little sister; her mom, mired in personal issues, was granted supervised visits with the girls at the local Dairy Queen. DuBuc was now sharing her old home with her stepmother and her four children—three boys and a girl. “I’d never had brothers before, and I was curious,” DuBuc told me. One afternoon, after watching movies with her new step-siblings, ten-year-old Leah mimicked having sex with them—“like we’d seen in the movies,” she says—and then, by her account, exposed herself to the younger kids. It happened several more times, she said. Later that year, DuBuc recounts, a law-enforcement officer visited her elementary-school class and told the students to inform a trusted adult if they had been subject to abuse. DuBuc remembers complaining to him about mistreatment at home; when authorities arrived to investigate, she says, they learned of her sexual misbehavior. According to another family member, however, one of DuBuc’s step-siblings talked about her actions to a therapist, who then alerted the authorities. (As is often true in such cases, the details may be impossible to establish definitively.) Amid extensive therapeutic interventions, DuBuc was charged with eight counts of criminal sexual conduct, in the first and second degree. The prosecutor, Marilyn Bradford, insists, “There were a lot of scary things that happened to the victims in the case—ongoing things that happened to the little siblings.” But DuBuc’s court-appointed clinical social worker, Wendy Kunce, noted that at the time “there was a history of ‘charging large.’ ” At the age of twelve, DuBuc arrived in juvenile court for a series of hearings. Her father, a mechanic, drove her to the courthouse, but he didn’t fully grasp the implication of the charges. (DuBuc’s interviews with authorities often occurred without the presence of a parent or a guardian.) Moments before stepping in front of a judge, DuBuc met with her court-appointed attorney, alone. She remembers giggling when she had to say the words “penis” and “vagina,” and when her fingerprints were taken, she told me, “I felt like I was in a movie.” DuBuc recalls the court-appointed attorney explaining that if she pleaded guilty to two counts of criminal sexual conduct—a graver crime than the one that she says she committed, because it involved penetration—she’d be taken from her home. Given that she wanted to escape the difficult conditions there, she agreed. DuBuc’s investigating officer, Deputy Sheriff Mike Capra, told me, “I think she was hoping to make it easier on everybody by avoiding a long, drawn-out process and saying, ‘O.K., I goofed up, I’m a kid, I’ll learn from it and move on.” In April, 1997, the judge ordered that DuBuc be sent to a residential juvenile-sex-offender treatment facility in Manteno, Illinois, called Indian Oaks Academy, where she stayed for nearly two years. An adult could have gone to prison for life, the judge warned, and, as she recalls it, proclaimed her a “lucky girl.” She was the youngest child in her program at Indian Oaks, a facility surrounded by cornfields and a golf course. Many of the girls there were sixteen or seventeen, with histories of trauma that surfaced as rage. The older girls—Leah roomed with three others—verbally and physically abused one another, and occasionally her. A staffer sometimes sat on top of girls to restrain them, DuBuc recalls. “There was this padded room, and I’d take a book in there and read,” she told me. “I felt safe there.” “I’ve decided to leave public office because I lost the election.” Share Tweet Buy a cartoon Five days a week, she went to sex-offender treatment with the girls from her unit. The program borrowed heavily from addiction theory. “Your identity is you’re a sex offender,” DuBuc recalls the girls being told. They’d never be cured, but they could learn to refrain from harming people in the future. To graduate, DuBuc would have to admit to acts that she says she never committed (such as the contested claims of penetration) but to which she’d pleaded guilty, under conditions that she has come to view as coercion. The daily treatment was exhausting, though she did have one therapist who seemed to believe in her. She was grateful, too, for a pastor who arrived one day, teaching the Gospel, and gave her a Bible. “From that point forward,” she recalls, “I had hope.” For some youths convicted of sex offenses, treatment is a chance to escape a turbulent home life, or to reroute a warped trajectory. “But this idea that a ten-year-old kid who does something sexually inappropriate needs residential treatment is completely insane,” Dr. Elizabeth Letourneau, the director of the Moore Center for the Prevention of Child Sexual Abuse, at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, told me. In the early two-thousands, when Letourneau first began to research juveniles who sexually offend, she discovered that there was little rigorous scholarship about effective treatment. “These offenses do cause harm, and we can never lose sight of that,” she said. “But I believe we can do a much, much better job of targeting the kids who commit these behaviors, and preventing them.” Writing in the journal Ethics & Behavior, in 2008, she and another psychology professor, Charles Borduin, lamented “the research community’s failure—our failure—to subject the most widely used models of treatment to empirical investigation.” Letourneau and her colleagues set about to address this. Their findings have been significant. Despite what Amie Zyla told Congress in 2005, researchers had already observed that most youths who are charged with a sex offense—upward of ninety-five per cent, Letourneau told me—don’t reoffend sexually. The motives behind their crimes, too, are different from those of most adults who sexually offend. In many cases of early adolescents who sexually touch younger kids in their families, the best treatment may not be “sex offender” treatment at all; some children have never been taught that such touching is unacceptable, and providing training in sexual boundaries will suffice. For kids with more serious sexual-behavior problems, a family-based model known as “multi-systemic therapy” has proved its worth, combining individualized treatment of a child with programming that involves the child’s parents or caretakers. “We now have an effective treatment,” Letourneau said, referring to this more holistic approach, “but it’s just not available to ninety-nine per cent of kids.” What is available, too often, is a form of commercial treatment that can be abusive in its own right. In my interviews with registrants and their families, one question came up repeatedly: “Have you looked into the therapy industry?” Many treatment programs have dedicated, well-trained staff members who engage with families and seem to help children thrive. But some providers lack the resources that would allow them to separate offenders of various risk levels. And, in some parts of the country, I found a cottage industry of court-authorized but poorly regulated therapy providers subjecting kids and teens to widely debunked interventions or controversial invasive technologies. Juveniles undergoing treatment for sex offenses have been exposed to severe verbal abuse, beatings, and even sexual predation at residential facilities. Not a few people have been placed in dubious but costly treatment programs for actions that many believe should never have been criminalized in the first place. These experiences are hardly exclusive to juveniles; they extend to many youths over eighteen, whose journeys through the justice system can be equally alarming. The most surprising instances are known as the “Romeo and Juliet” cases, involving consensual sex between teens. In July of 2003, not long after his senior year of high school, Anthony Metts got a summer job at the lakeside camp where he’d once been a camper. Metts, who grew up in Midland, Texas, was adopted; at school, where he was one of its few Mexican-Americans, he’d been taunted for being a “wetback.” But things were different at the camp, and as a counsellor he was in heaven. He ran archery sessions and visits to the Blob, the camp’s famous floating trampoline. Then, one afternoon, a Texas Ranger and a Midland cop arrived at the camp and asked to speak with him. After driving him to a local police station, the officers told him that they were investigating the illegal sale of items from a Midland Police Department evidence room, and an informant had tossed out his name as a potential source of information. Officers noted that Metts had been keenly coöperative. But he knew nothing about the theft, which, it later emerged, had been perpetrated by a rogue employee of the police department. Eager to get a confession, and seemingly convinced of his association with the crime, the officers pressed him on another tip they’d heard: Hadn’t Metts been hanging out with younger girls the previous year? Was it possible that he’d had sex with them? Metts told them that when he was eighteen he dated a girl who was three years younger. And he’d also had a brief sexual relationship with a girl more than three years younger, whom he met during his junior year of high school, when she was a freshman. Metts helped the officers proofread his statement, oblivious of its significance. When the officers turned the information over to the Midland District Attorney’s Office, the D.A. filed two felony indictments for sexual assault of a child, based on the age-of-consent laws in Texas at the time. (A third charge of sexual assault of a child was raised, then dropped.) Consent was irrelevant—in fact, impossible—before the law. Not too far away, in the town of Caldwell, a young man had been convicted, at nineteen, for a consensual relationship with a girl who was four years younger, and who later became his wife. Metts’s case was messier; it involved more than one relationship, and he’d left a trail of adolescent misbehavior—speeding tickets, pot, and pranks. His lawyer told him that he would face life in prison if the case went to trial. He decided to take a plea deal: a suspended sentence and ten years of probation. Metts, who was twenty-one by then, read the terms of his post-plea life. For the next decade, he’d be barred from alcohol and the Internet; from entering the vicinity of schools, parks, bus stops, malls, and movie theatres; and from living within a thousand feet of a “child-safety zone.” A mugshot of his curly-haired, round-cheeked face would appear for life on the Texas sex-offender registry, beside the phrase “Sexual Assault of a Child.” And he would have to start sex-offender treatment. The treatment plan was extensive. He was told to write up a detailed sexual history, and then to discuss it with a room full of adults, some of whom had repeatedly committed child assaults. On his first day of class, he recalls, he entered a group circle beside a dentist who had violated several patients while they were under anesthesia. To graduate, he would have to narrate his “assaults” in detail: “How many buttons on her shirt did you unbutton?” The plan also included a monthly polygraph (a hundred and fifty dollars) and a computerized test that measured how long his eyes lingered on deviant imagery (three hundred and twenty-five dollars). He would also have to submit to a “penile plethysmograph,” or PPG. According to documents produced by the state of Texas, the PPG—known jokingly to some patients as a “peter meter”—is “a sophisticated computerized instrument capable of measuring slight changes in the circumference of the penis.” A gauge is wrapped around the shaft of the penis, with wires hooked up to a laptop, while a client is presented with “sexually inappropriate” imagery and, often, “deviant” sexual audio. Metts would be billed around two hundred dollars per test. “If I’m being totally real with you, I don’t like marvellous shows at the Met.” Share Tweet Buy a cartoon In parts of the country, including New York, judges have banned the PPG; one federal ruling noted “the obviously substantial humiliation of having the size and rigidity of one’s penis measured and monitored by the government.” (The PPG was invented in the nineteen-fifties by a sexologist from Czechoslovakia, and used by the Czech military to expose soldiers suspected of pretending to be gay in order to avoid service.) But Texas’s Council on Sex Offender Treatment says that the test is capable of “breaking through the offender’s denial,” helping to tailor treatments that can “address all of the offender’s sexual interests.” When Metts balked at what felt to him like technological invasions—not least the prospect of having a stranger measure his penis—he was jailed for ten days. A new round of weekly therapy sessions (thirty dollars for group, and fifty dollars for one-on-one) then commenced. When I reviewed half a dozen sex-offender-treatment workbooks, I found that most elicit a thorough sexual history. (“Describe and discuss, in detail, a repeated masturbatory fantasy.”) Then come the exercises. One workbook instructs patients to masturbate to an illicit scene, then sniff an “ammonia inhalant” until their “state of sexual arousal is completely removed.” Another manual introduces children and teens to the practice of “aversive scenes.” Youths must masturbate to a deviant thought, then, at peak arousal, switch to an image of “something that you find disgusting . . . e.g. Brussels sprouts.” A third requires patients to imagine a “punishment scene,” conjuring up unbearable shame as a prophylactic, much as gay youths were once taught, in conversion therapy, to use the fear of familial judgment as a corrective. Several scholars told me that the notion of shaming youths into compliance is itself a fantasy. In the journal Child Maltreatment, the pediatric psychologist Mark Chaffin describes polygraphs, masturbation logs, and other such methods as “coercive techniques of doubtful accuracy, untested benefit, and considerable potential for harm.” But therapeutic failures can be lucrative for providers: the longer someone stays in treatment, the longer the person provides a steady income. “There’s an awful lot of money involved in prosecuting, locking up, treating, and registering these folks,” Phil Taylor, a former therapist for men convicted of sex offenses in Texas, told me. Under contract with the state, he spent some ten years treating hundreds of adults convicted of violent sex crimes, along with young adults who had had consensual relationships with other teens. A decade ago, in 2006, Taylor’s faith in the treatment protocols was shaken by new research. He renounced the field and began working for legislative reform of the registry. “It’s hard for people to change their minds when their livelihood depends upon this money stream,” he told me. In Midland, Anthony Metts continued to struggle with treatment. He acknowledged that his behavior as a teen had been reckless. He told me, “Do I think I needed some sort of therapy? Yes. But do I think I needed sex-offender therapy? Hell, no.” Still, the rules left few options. Eventually, he agreed to acknowledge how he’d “groomed” his “victims”: in one case, they’d gone to dinner, a movie, and—for a Halloween date—to a local haunted house. His life, meanwhile, increasingly felt like a series of derailments. He had been fired from a job he loved at a local radio station when an advertiser learned of his status on the registry and protested. The best gig he could find was in Midland’s oil fields, working dispatch. His mother began to worry about whether he’d make it through a decade of probation. She recalled the judge’s warning, on the day that Metts took the plea: “It’s a good deal if you make it, or else it’s a pretty lousy deal if you don’t.” At Indian Oaks, Leah DuBuc told me, “I did what I had to do to save my own skin.” She was released on a summer morning, and her father, who had divorced her stepmother, drove her to a campsite, where three of her childhood friends celebrated her return from “boarding school.” DuBuc flourished in high school. Her occasional check-ins with her probation officer weren’t onerous. Victoria was one of the few classmates who knew about her secret. But, not long after DuBuc’s time at Indian Oaks, the Michigan legislature passed a new sex-offender law creating an online registry that was available to anyone with an Internet connection. DuBuc was required to register privately with the local authorities; when she was eighteen, her name and personal information would be made public online. The law set a mandatory minimum of twenty-five years on the registry—based on a template that was spreading across the country. At first, the requirements were easily met. Each year, DuBuc’s dad would send in her latest weight, height, and address. In school, meanwhile, DuBuc earned a reputation as Little Miss Civics; she ran the Diversity Club and, after graduation, went to Guatemala with church friends to build an orphanage. But when she got Victoria’s call she learned that strangers could now map an easy route to her childhood home, using the state’s online sex-offender database. “This is where my life became a living hell all over again,” she later wrote. Throughout her first semester in college, she was dogged by fears of being outed. During winter break, her boyfriend invited her home to Brighton, Michigan. DuBuc agreed, but sheepishly explained that their first stop in town would have to be the police station. Her understanding was that she had to check in with local cops within forty-eight hours of arriving in a new town or face a felony charge. Her boyfriend parked in the lot of the Brighton Police Post. “I’m here to fill out the paperwork,” DuBuc told the trooper at the front desk. “I’m a registered sex offender.” “We don’t serve your kind here,” he replied. “You better leave before I take you out back and shoot you myself.” Back at the car, DuBuc wept. Her boyfriend filed a formal complaint, and eventually a letter arrived from the station’s lieutenant, apologizing for the trooper’s “unacceptable” behavior. DuBuc felt increasingly unsettled. “I didn’t really have people I could talk to who understood my situation,” she recalls. “I couldn’t talk to my mom—she was going through her own issues—and my dad would feel too guilty. I fell into a deep depression.” She made an effort to stay engaged in the world she still hoped to build, marching with the local living-wage campaign, travelling with her church group to Japan for the summer. At college, where she pursued a double major in comparative religion and social work, she racked up accolades: a Presidential Scholar award, a steady spot on the dean’s list. But, outside of her academics, things seemed only to get worse. As shows like “To Catch a Predator” débuted and awareness grew, registrant-shaming became a popular pastime. Soon, the state legislature voted to require registrants to report their place of work, volunteer activity, and education; new “Predator-Free Zones” were also introduced, prohibiting convicted sex offenders from going within a thousand feet of a school. Many such laws were applied retroactively, lumping juvenile offenses with those of adults. One morning during her junior year, DuBuc returned to her room from psychology class to find a yellow Post-it on her door: “We know you’re a sex offender. GET OUT OF OUR DORM. You’re not wanted here.” She tore it up, and told no one. A few days later, as she sat in her room working on a paper for class, she heard a ping from her AOL Instant Messenger account. The sender was anonymous. “We know you’re a sex offender,” DuBuc read. “Get out.” “Ever eat a bird?” Share Tweet Buy a cartoon She no longer felt safe in the dorm. But in order to rent her own apartment she’d need a decent income. She applied for jobs that interested her—working with the homeless, helping out an urban ministry—without success. Then McDonald’s, Burger King, and Subway turned her down because of her offender status. For a while, she dropped out of school, returning to Howell and working as a home-health-care aide. But she knew that her best chance of becoming independent was to complete her education. She moved into a homeless shelter in Kalamazoo and returned to class. Eventually, a church friend with whom she’d gone on a mission trip to Japan took her in, letting her sleep on the sofa. Unable to escape the public registry, DuBuc decided to study it, and then take it on. She bought a thick green binder and began to compile research: notes on the historical development of the juvenile-justice system, and studies of the registry’s impact on public safety. Finally, she began to write her story. “I’m a loving sister. . . . I’m an intern for the Kalamazoo City Commission,” she wrote in “So, Who Is Leah DuBuc Anyway?,” uploading the essay, along with friendly photographs (Leah with a campus Christian group, Leah arm in arm with her siblings). “I’m an advocate for the homeless, and disenfranchised. . . . Do I sound like a violent, predatory sex offender to you?” But vigilantism, too, has found opportunity in transparency. Most state registries publish an explicit warning against using the database for so-called citizen justice. To judge from my conversations with more than forty youth registrants and their families, however, these warnings have done little to prevent threats and violent attacks. Mike Grottalio, in Weatherford, Texas, told me how his daughter, who was sexually abused by her brothers when they were ten and twelve (and she was seven), had suffered further because of her siblings’ registration. After the boys returned from two years of detention, the family dog was shot to death by a neighbor. Then the local paper ran their names and address under the headlines “County Sex-Offender Roundup” and, later, for Halloween, “Know Where the Monsters Are.” More recently, a Molotov cocktail spilled flames across the family’s driveway, and BB-gun pellets were fired at their home’s vinyl siding after a neighbor passed out warning flyers. “It’s made outcasts of our whole family,” Grottalio said of the registry. “The damage has been done. There’s no repairing it.” In a small, religious neighborhood of Pinesdale, Montana, Heidi Nuttall described how locals held a meeting about her son—a registrant since the age of fourteen—that amounted to something “just short of a lynch mob.” Soon afterward, someone fired a BB gun at the door of the home where her son slept. A third mother, from Missouri, showed me photographs sent to her by local registrants who had apparently been singled out for retribution. She’d blown the pictures up to poster size, showing them to anyone who would look. One featured a registrant’s face that resembled a smashed tomato: two men had broken into his home and bashed him with a tire iron. In recent years, mothers like these have come together in groups like Women Against Registry, and they’ve begun showing up at the same events as Stacie Rumenap’s Stop Child Predators, sharing their own stories. Rumenap, for one, has little sympathy for those in the group advocating for husbands or adult sons who have been convicted of harming children; she isn’t convinced that most convicted adults should get a second chance. But the stories of juveniles on the registry have increasingly swayed her. “Never in our wildest dreams were we going state by state asking lawmakers to punish juveniles,” she told me, of her early years of lobbying for registry laws. “You can’t handle these types of kids—and they’re kids—in the same way you handle an adult and expect them to be rehabilitated.” Back in 2006, she helped bring a Florida father, Mark Lunsford, to Capitol Hill, to tell the story of how his daughter, Jessica, had been kidnapped, raped, killed, and buried by a man with a long history of abusing children. Together, they lobbied for the passage of Jessica’s Law, in Florida and beyond. But, soon afterward, Rumenap learned that Lunsford’s eighteen-year-old son had been arrested in Ohio, for heavy petting with a fourteen-year-old. Now the teen faced inclusion on the very registry that his father had fought to bolster in his murdered sister’s name. “When these laws started getting implemented and enforced, we didn’t realize what would happen,” Rumenap told me. “Now here we are, stuck asking, How do we solve this problem?” Leah DuBuc’s study of the registry evolved into an encyclopedia on juvenile registration. Under the tab “Definitions, History, and Origins,” she charted the creation of the Adam Walsh Act and how use of the registry varied from state to state. In South Carolina, she noted, a nine-year-old could be placed on the registry for life. Other states, including New York and Georgia, defied the act’s requirements and declined to place children in their online databases, at the risk of losing funds. DuBuc had come from a tight-lipped family—even today, some of her relatives have no idea why she was suddenly whisked away from home in sixth grade. But she began writing letters to every local power broker she could think of, asking for a second chance and pleading for the same consideration to be extended to others who faced charges as juveniles. She took her story to the state legislature and urged legal reform, calling for juveniles to be removed from public registries. “I am not alone,” she testified. At the very least, she told the state Senate, youthful offenders deserved a chance to have their cases reviewed for risk and fairness. Then she waited. In Lansing, a reform bill stalled, then failed. A letter came from a judge, apologizing that her record couldn’t be expunged under current law. In 2008, when DuBuc graduated with a master’s degree in social work, she had earned academic honors but her efforts to either clear or seal her juvenile record had gone nowhere, and she could find few decent prospects for employment. So DuBuc left her green binder at her father’s house, gave away much of what she owned, and stuffed her favorite sweaters, a Bible, and her CD collection into two duffel bags. America no longer had a place for her, she decided. And, although she didn’t want to separate herself from her friends and her family, she felt that she had no choice but to leave the country. In rural Minnesota, Patty Wetterling had, by the late two-thousands, devoted more than two decades of her life to keeping young people safe. First, she and her husband established a child-advocacy group, the Jacob Wetterling Resource Center. Then came a brief foray into politics—she ran for Congress in 2006, as a Democrat against Michele Bachmann, touting her years of fighting for “tough penalties for those who harm children”—and a long period of service as the chair of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children. “Do you know how close to the sun you were flying?” Share Tweet Buy a cartoon With each passing year, Wetterling learned more about the costs and the causes of sexual harm. She studied the prevalence of the problem (vast), its perpetrators (trusted familiars far more often than strangers), and its most effective remedies (programs centered on open lines of communication in households, schools, and communities). Her first major clue that juvenile registration might demand closer scrutiny came in the nineteen-nineties. She had been touring the country, speaking out against the sexual exploitation of children, when she got an invitation to visit a juvenile-sex-offender treatment facility in Alabama. There she met a child who had just spent his tenth birthday at the institution. “He was nine when he first went into treatment,” she told me. “I was overwhelmed by that. I kept thinking about this kid, who goes away, gets sex-offender treatment, then goes back to his junior high school, and is on the public registry—this young person who really wants to return to school, to learn, to make friends, but can’t have a second chance. That’s a life sentence for this kid.” Still, she focussed on child sex-crime victims, and it was easy to understand the common thirst for retribution among fellow-parents: “You can see the fear and anger, as a parent. I get that.” In 2007, Wetterling took a job with the Sexual Violence Prevention Program, at the Minnesota Department of Health. She received a call from a Minneapolis mother who wanted to tell the story of her son, and soon followed up with a letter from him. “My name is Ricky,” it began, “and I’m a 19-year-old Registered Sex Offender.” The letter described how, at sixteen, Ricky had met a girl at a teen club who said she was nearly sixteen. They’d had consensual sex on two occasions, according to the note. Later, Ricky wrote, it came out that the girl was thirteen, and he was prosecuted for “Sexual Abuse, 3rd degree,” and placed on the public sex-offender registry; it left him and his family “shattered.” By then, Wetterling had watched the registry evolve into something very different from what she’d fought to create. The database was no longer for the private use of law enforcement. Nor was it confined to high-risk offenders or adults who targeted kids. (In some states, the registry pooled juveniles and those charged with public urination together with adults who had repeatedly raped children.) It also imposed a costly burden on law enforcement—time and money that might have gone for supervision of the highest-risk offenders and the training of officers in preventive measures. Wetterling began to talk to Ricky. He was “a young man with so much to contribute to the world,” she told me, but his attempts to lead a better life had time and again been thwarted by registration. Ricky’s letter also raised questions, for Wetterling, about the “Romeo and Juliet” problem—consensual teen-sex prosecutions. These included not just juveniles but also young adults, eighteen and older, who could be tried and sentenced accordingly. In at least twenty-nine states, Human Rights Watch reports, consensual sex between teen-agers can trigger registration. There have been scattered efforts at reform, including in Texas. But for many people found guilty of sex offenses, including Anthony Metts, in Midland, they came too late. Metts settled into his new life in the oil fields, reluctantly accommodating an array of strictures that he regarded as pointless. Each Halloween, for instance, he reported to the county probation office with dozens of other local sex offenders, and was held from 6 to 10 p.m. and shown movies like “Iron Man 2,” until trick-or-treating was over. “If someone’s that dangerous that they need to be locked up, what about all of the other three hundred and sixty-four days of the year?” he asked me. In 2006, he fell in love with a deputy sheriff’s daughter. One night, he took her out to his favorite Italian place in Odessa, ordered two steaks with risotto, and arranged for the waiter to bring out a dessert menu that read, among the à-la-carte selections, “Will you marry me?” She said yes, and a baby girl soon followed. “My daughter was a blessing and a miracle to me,” Metts told me. But it also introduced him to a troubling new aspect of his life on the registry. Metts, then twenty-four, learned that he wouldn’t be allowed to see his daughter. His status banned him from living with her, and thus with his wife. Still, Metts sneaked visits, breaking the rules. His mother, Mary Helen, obtained formal certification as a chaperon so that he could see his daughter in her presence, spending Saturday mornings by the duck pond or having brunch at Fuddruckers. Eventually, as his daughter grew, Metts says that his probation officer granted him approval for simple, unchaperoned outings, like crafting trips to Hobby Lobby, with a stop for doughnuts. One night, a former classmate saw Metts buying a sandwich at Walmart and shouted a slur at him; she’d seen his face on the registry for “Sexual Assault of a Child.” Rattled, he went to Buffalo Wild Wings to down a beer, and got busted. Metts had a record of technical violations, so a judge ordered him to wear an electronic ankle bracelet, administered by a private monitoring company that charged several hundred dollars a month. The device would notify the authorities of any infractions—stepping too close to a mall, park, bar, or church, or leaving the county without permission. The circumference of permissible life kept shrinking. “A flame inside of me just went out,” Metts told me. In the darkness that followed, he recalls, “I hermited myself.” He moved back in with his parents, to save money for his child and for his electronic-monitoring bills. Most days, he’d drive straight home from work to play Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas on his Xbox. Within a year and a half, he had gained a hundred pounds. He didn’t want his scarlet letter to further affect his wife and child; the couple got divorced. In the eighth year of his ten-year probation term, Metts decided to reënter the world. He returned to college, began to party, and made friends for the first time in years. On a warm afternoon in May during his final year of probation, he invited some of those new friends over to his parents’ swimming pool. He tossed back several beers and took a dip. He’d failed to charge his ankle bracelet properly, and the battery died at around 5 P.M. Shortly before midnight, his probation officer arrived at his door: she’d be filing to revoke his probation. A few weeks later, Metts was led into a courtroom in hand-cuffs, leg cuffs, and a chain around his waist connecting them. “I looked like Hannibal Lecter without the mask,” he told me. The judge’s name sounded familiar: she had helped prosecute his original case. (The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals has since agreed to consider whether her involvement in the earlier proceedings disqualified her from presiding over Metts’s fate.) The prosecutor pushed for two years in prison, arguing that the long list of Metts’s technical infractions was “not just a fluke . . . not just ‘Oops, I messed up.’ ” Metts’s attorney urged alternatives that would be less costly for taxpayers. None of Metts’s violations, he noted, had any connection to the original charges of sexual assault of a child. A typical mistake was failing to charge his ankle bracelet’s battery. The judge took some time to think it over. The next morning, she sentenced Metts to ten years in prison. In many states, compliance with the registry can prove to be a Sisyphean task. In McMinnville, Oregon, I met with Catherine Barnes, whose son, Christian, had been placed on a sex-offender registry for life after a sexual encounter, at the age of seventeen, with a thirteen-year-old girl. (In Oregon, the age of consent is eighteen.) Barnes told me that years of treatment, documenting “his masturbation and all that jazz,” and a life confined by the registry’s restrictions had changed him “one hundred per cent.” McMinnville is a town built on second chances. In the past few decades, it had lost its Hewlett-Packard and Pillsbury plants. But, as domestic-wine prices have surged in recent years, tasting bars have cropped up in the wine-country town, filled with tea lights and tourists. At a bright new bistro, Barnes showed me a video on her iPhone. “This was the happiest I’ve ever seen him,” she said. Christian, in his late twenties, was rapping the lyrics to Vanilla Ice’s “Ice Ice Baby” while seated in class at a windmill-repair school; he was physically hulking, but he shared his mother’s blond hair and high cheekbones. “Hey, dude, the fifties called, they want their shirt back. They also said that things are pretty tough there. Kind of a sad call, actually.” Share Tweet Buy a cartoon “A lot of doors would have opened for Christian if we could have gotten him off the registry,” his attorney, Claire Brown, had told me at her Portland office. (Brown represented Christian through the CLiF Project, which helps provide legal aid to people placed on Oregon’s sex-offender registry for juvenile adjudications.) After our meal, Barnes took me to her house, where Christian had lived with her. “I’ll show you where it happened,” she told me, leading me by the arm to a small mauve bedroom, where a decade-long registration story had, not long ago, come to an end. In the winter of 2013, after years of being turned down for employment, Christian, then twenty-eight, was offered a job in Idaho as a clean-energy repairman for a well-known company. Giddy, he packed his suitcase and said his goodbyes. The night before his departure, he got a call. “Something’s come up,” a woman from the company told him; the company had run a criminal-background check and learned of his sex offense, and she had to let him know the bad news. “I heard the call,” Barnes said. “He was absolutely destroyed.” One afternoon the following spring, Christian called his mother, sounding frantic: “Mom, did you know I can’t even come into the school and pick up my own kid?” His daughter was entering preschool. Christian hadn’t realized that his registrant status barred him from things like school visits and dance recitals. His mental health deteriorated, and within weeks he was facing a possible felony charge for falling behind on his annual registration at the police station. On a Friday in April, Barnes called Christian from the grocery store in the early afternoon to see if he wanted anything; there was no answer. “Then I came in with my groceries, and I saw him lying there on the floor.” She pointed to the carpet, where she’d since placed an Autumn Cedar candle. “And I saw the gun three feet from his body.” Christian had long struggled with depression, debt, and other pressures, and his former probation officer cautioned me against overly tidy explanations for suicide: “Who can know the hearts of men?” But Barnes remembers him as a fearless kid, swinging from ropes and snatching lizards from the woods. As Christian’s teen-age mistake trailed him into adulthood, Barnes believes, his resilience proved unequal to the burden. She has since learned that suicide is not uncommon among registrants. Her son, who left no note, sent his girlfriend a goodbye text. “I shot myself,” it read. Often, parents are the ones who carry the weight of the registry. In her grief, Catherine Barnes contacted Oregon Voices, an advocacy group that has the stated goal of achieving “justice and rationality in policies regarding sex offenses.” It was run by a professor whose son was arrested, several years ago, for an Internet sex crime, and who had since become exercised by what he considered to be the evidence-blind nature of much sex-offense law. (In a study of more than a thousand male juveniles with sex-crime convictions, Elizabeth Letourneau and her colleagues found that public registration did not reduce repeat-offense rates.) Similar groups had emerged around the country, consisting mostly of parents whose children were on the registry or in detention. In the Midwest, there were the mothers who had formed Women Against Registry, seeking to educate the public about the effects of registration on families. In Maryland, another mother led parents in lobbying against strict residency restrictions. One of the largest and most effective advocacy groups was Texas Voices for Reason and Justice; its members include Mary Helen Metts, Anthony’s mother. “People would rather have a murderer next door, especially here in the Bible Belt,” Metts, a Catholic hospice worker with a Southern-belle bearing, told me. When her son first appeared on the Texas registry, some friends and relatives stopped speaking to her. Then she got a letter from Mary Sue Molnar, a San Antonio mother whose son was in detention for a sex offense. The founder of Texas Voices, Molnar had contacted the families of thousands of registrants in the state. At first, Mary Helen Metts didn’t see the point of participating in the group. But after her son was sent to prison she agreed to start a local chapter of the organization in Midland. Soon she was hosting Texas Voices meetings at her husband’s oil-company office after hours. “We don’t feel like lepers anymore,” she told me. This past June, Texas Voices hosted a gathering for a national umbrella advocacy organization called Reform Sex Offender Laws, at a church in Dallas. As many as two hundred registrants and their loved ones travelled across the country to attend. Around big circular tables, parents shared stories about vigilantism and therapy troubles, as well as tips on navigating the demands of compliance. In the church’s dining hall, the group held a humble auction (“Antique cookie jar, anyone? Eighteen dollars? Twelve dollars?”) to raise lobbying funds. Among the parents whose children were charged with sex crimes, discussion revolved around how to change registry laws. Josh Gravens, the young man from Abilene who had been placed on the registry at thirteen, stood at the microphone and said that, if parents didn’t tell their kids’ stories, no one else would. “It takes a lot for a legislator to stick their neck out on this issue,” he said. “So it’s vitally important that you speak up.” After packing up her life in Howell, Leah DuBuc boarded a plane for Tokyo. Her visit to Japan during college had filled her with a rush of big-city anonymity. Now she was determined to seek her second chance abroad. “It was such a relief to have a fresh start,” DuBuc told me. Like nearly every other country, Japan has no public sex-offender registry. DuBuc taught English and fell in love with a Filipino man from her church named Kimo, a surfer and a karaoke enthusiast who worked at a Disney resort. She had dreamed of volunteering in India, and with Kimo’s encouragement she spent six months working in orphanages from New Delhi to Kolkata. Along the way, Kimo joined her, and proposed. In 2010, they married over doughnuts in Bangalore, and soon returned to Tokyo, where their son was born. To show the baby off, they planned to travel to Fukushima, where Kimo had spent much of his childhood and where his family still lived. But, three days after the birth, the earthquake hit, followed by the tsunami, which killed Kimo’s mother and his twelve-year-old sister. DuBuc planned to stay in Japan, despite the devastation; she felt that God had called on her to help rebuild. Then, after a trip to obtain her in-laws’ remains, she received a flurry of Facebook messages from Sharon Denniston, her juvenile advocate in Michigan. Denniston had been pushing the legislative reforms that DuBuc had helped promote. “Be sure you are sitting down,” she wrote. “Juveniles that were less than 14 at the time of their offense will be straight out removed from the registry: no hearing, no court visit, no paperwork to fill out!” DuBuc asked Denniston for updates as the bill was implemented. “Sweet child of God, Leah,” Denniston wrote one evening. “Your name no longer appears on the public registry.” DuBuc decided to take her family home. Her father now had a girlfriend who owned a horse-rescue farm, where Leah and Kimo could work while they looked for steady employment. Even without a high-school diploma, Kimo quickly found a factory job making plastic car parts. Leah’s search proved harder, despite her master’s degree. Her fingerprints and her record still popped up in certain criminal-background checks. She spent months with the baby on her back, shovelling snow from horse stalls and tending to the hogs and cows before dawn, continuing her job search when the sun came up. “Oh, are you attacking from home today?”October 29, 2012 Share Tweet Buy a cartoon She found work at the Salvation Army, helping families in search of housing, but she was let go after several months without an explanation. The pattern persisted through jobs at a bookstore, a gas station, and a fry house—the same place she’d worked as a teen, when she was certain that her adult life was destined for public service. As DuBuc discovered, getting off a state’s online database doesn’t mean the end of online notoriety. Some companies have programs that retain information that was expunged from registries, which they publish online, demanding that offenders pay steep fees in order to have the damaging data removed. Charla Roberts, who had “pantsed” her classmate in Paris, Texas, when she was ten, was removed from the registry in her early twenties, with the help of Lone Star Legal Aid. But the Internet refused to forget. Not long ago, she learned that her ex-boyfriend’s new girlfriend was circulating a link to a commercial Web site called SexOffenderRecord.com. The site featured Charla’s photograph along with her race (black), age (twenty-five), and home address, as well as the message: “To alert others about Charla Lee Roberts’s Sex Offender Record . . . Just Click the Facebook Icon.” With each rebuff, DuBuc tried to motivate herself afresh. By her bed, she stuck a NASA bumper sticker that Kimo had given her, which read, “Failure is not an option.” And Sharon Denniston had made a present of DuBuc’s favorite prayer, from Jeremiah, in a gilt frame: “ ‘For I know the plans I have for you,’ declares the Lord. ‘Plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.’ ” The reform movement’s efforts have started to see gains. In recent years, many institutions—from district attorneys’ offices to detention facilities—have improved the way they deal with youths who have committed sexual offenses. The broader justice system, too, has shifted, acknowledging that juveniles aren’t just mini-adults; not long ago, the Supreme Court affirmed that “children who commit even heinous crimes are capable of change.” The current executive director of Indian Oaks Academy, Mike Chavers, says that the institution has advanced considerably since the era of DuBuc’s treatment. “Today, while there are some children who need treatment in a more controlled setting, we know that the vast majority of individuals are better off in their own communities, closer to their families, and that’s what we’re pushing to have done,” he told me. Chavers has also recently joined the fight to reform Illinois’s juvenile-registry laws. “To write a kid off at an early age and to label them like that is just unconscionable,” he says. In Pennsylvania, in 2014, the state Supreme Court ruled that mandatory lifetime sex-offender registration for juveniles was unconstitutional, after the Philadelphia-based Juvenile Law Center led a legal challenge. And in Texas an official task force has formed to assess ways of improving outcomes for juveniles charged with sex offenses; Josh Gravens was invited to testify at one of its hearings this month. But the legislative provisions have proved far more recalcitrant. One of the movement’s best hopes for advancing legislative change is an attorney named Nicole Pittman. In the early two-thousands, Pittman worked as a public defender on the juvenile docket in New Orleans, where she first noticed the long-term toll that the registry took on convicted offenders. (In Louisiana, teen-agers’ licenses are stamped in red with “SEX OFFENDER.”) In 2011, she embarked on a cross-country trek to interview youth registrants and their families. Her findings were released in a hundred-plus-page Human Rights Watch report, which she was sure would inspire changes in policy. On the road, Pittman met with members of local government to present her findings, and most politicians listened politely. But few, if any, were moved to action. “The biggest barrier in this work is: ‘If I act, I’m going to lose the next election,’ ” she says. She was dejected, and weighed giving up, but when she won last-minute funding from the Stoneleigh Foundation she moved her operations to Oakland, California, and launched a program called the Center on Youth Registration Reform, with a new criminal-justice-advocacy group known as Impact Justice. Then she forged a surprising alliance with Eli Lehrer, the president of the R Street Institute, a conservative think tank in Washington, D.C. It was a curious pairing. Pittman favors funky red Converse sneakers, a silver nose ring, and a punk-rock-meets-courtroom aesthetic; Lehrer, a navy-blazer type, had a life-sized cutout of President Reagan in his office. Yet they both deplored juvenile registration; he saw it as a costly and invasive problem of big government, and one that flew in the face of the prevailing evidence about kids who offend against other kids. Pittman observed that some conservatives were willing to take risks that their progressive counterparts wouldn’t, to defend second chances for juvenile offenders. The religious right, for instance, shared a ready-made language of redemption. Last summer, Pittman and Lehrer drafted a plan of action that focussed on revising a single clause of the Adam Walsh Act. Instead of mandating that states include certain kids on the public registry, they proposed that the law stipulate the opposite: that states failing to eliminate the practice of juvenile registration would fall afoul of federal law, and lose funds. Any savings could be put toward programs that took a preventive approach to childhood sexual assault. Pittman and Lehrer contacted Stacie Rumenap, the head of Stop Child Predators, who agreed to help push the proposal nationwide and to work with them on state-level reforms. “Over the years,” Rumenap told me, “I’ve become more sympathetic and more aware that, as we draft our sex-offender laws, we need to be very careful about how we insure young kids’ lives aren’t being ruined.” This past July, I drove around Midland, Texas, trying to find the girls—now women—who were involved in Anthony Metts’s case. Having no luck with doorbells, I left notes, and two days later I got a call from one of them. “I never wanted Anthony to be prosecuted,” she told me. “It was a consensual relationship—the kind when you’re young and you’re stupid. My mom knew about it. We’d go on dates, drive around, hang out.” She was shocked to learn of Metts’s fate: his nine-plus years of probation, his current decade of incarceration. “I told [law enforcement] that I didn’t feel like he should have to be prosecuted,” she said. That same month, I made plans to visit Metts in prison, at Fort Stockton. For nearly two years, I’d routinely spoken with him by phone. But now Anthony’s calls had mysteriously stopped. His mother told me that he had been assaulted by two inmates after they took his I.D. number and found out that he was a sex offender. He was hospitalized and then moved to solitary confinement. Several weeks later, he was transferred to a remote penitentiary in deep East Texas, eight hours away, built on farmland cleared by former slaves and now maintained by prison labor. When I drove there for an interview, guards shuffled Metts, tall and monkish in his prison whites, into a small booth with a partition between us. The night before, he learned that he’d lost a pending appeal in his case. His eyes were puffy from tears and sleeplessness. “It’s been nice talking to you, but I should probably get back to staring blankly ahead.”March 13, 2006 Share Tweet Buy a cartoon “I thought, by the time we finally met, we’d be on the rooftop at the Hilton,” he said, laughing halfheartedly. For most of the next four hours, he spoke of how he planned to get through the coming decade. “In my mind, I don’t live here,” he told me. He spends his days reading business and life-style magazines and making plans to return to his daughter, who is now eight. “I look forward to being the dad she deserves, the dad I feel I am,” he said. “I miss reading her stories. Getting doughnuts with her, helping her with her homework, brushing her hair. Everything. Everything.” He began to sob. “It’s a son of a bitch,” he said. Eventually, guards came over and recuffed his hands. After he’d been shuffled back to segregation, it occurred to me that if Anthony Metts serves out his full sentence he will have spent more than twenty years—nearly half his life—under state supervision. Last October, Patty Wetterling got a startling piece of news at home, in St. Joseph, Minnesota. Twenty-six years after Jacob’s unsolved disappearance, the police had identified a “person of interest” in the case: Daniel James Heinrich, a man whose DNA allegedly matched that found in another unsolved case involving child kidnapping and sexual assault from 1989, in a nearby town. Heinrich was subsequently arrested on five counts of child pornography, unrelated to Jacob; he has pleaded not guilty and is currently awaiting trial. He appeared to be the sort of figure for whom Patty Wetterling first envisaged a private law-enforcement registry. On a Tuesday afternoon a few days later, Wetterling and her husband walked to the end of their driveway in St. Joseph and stood before a group of reporters. “We still don’t know who took Jacob—we have as many questions, or more, as all of you,” she said, according to local newspapers. “Child sexual abuse and abduction is something we cannot tolerate. I refuse to be silent.” The discovery of Heinrich took place a few months after Wetterling’s retirement as the director of Minnesota’s Sexual Violence Prevention Program. Just before stepping down, Wetterling had overseen the publication of a remarkable legislative report, titled “Sexual Violence Prevention,” which maps out a public-health response to rape, incest, and childhood sexual assault. It calls for “taking on the root causes like alcohol and drug use, emotionally unsupportive family environments, and societal norms that support male superiority and sexual entitlement.” The report was an apt summary of Wetterling’s work, and—with its emphasis on prevention—belonged to a maturing vision that began, years before, with the open-ended pain of losing a child. That pain had helped her craft an early model of the sex-offender registry and, later, a nuanced critique of what it had become. But Wetterling’s grief had never abated into abstraction. And so, on that Tuesday afternoon in November, flanked by her husband, she returned to a touchstone. “The one question that we have said for twenty-six years is Where is Jacob? Where is Jacob?” she said. “I will still always, always hope.” In Howell, Leah DuBuc has grown largely reconciled to her circumstances. On occasion, though, her fear resurges; when I first visited her at her home, she’d spent the previous night in her rocking chair, keeping watch, having been alerted by a noise that stirred thoughts of vigilantes. She still tracks news of registrant attacks across the country. Last year, a neo-Nazi couple were convicted of murdering a man on the registry and his wife, with plans to take down others. “Child molesters don’t deserve to live,” the man told reporters, adding that if he “had to do it over again, I’d kill more.” DuBuc and I spent part of the day in her garden, with the tomatoes and the strawberries that her four-year-old son had helped plant. Her two-year-old daughter played in a sandbox nearby. DuBuc spoke of her efforts to find a job. She’s been working for a company called Life Leadership, which does “financial fitness” coaching; at night, she sells the company’s self-help books, CDs, and videos from her car. She believes that self-employment is the best option for current and former registrants. She also holds regular yard sales, selling old baby clothes and toys, and makes her own home décor, including a wreath on the front door which lists, in bright colors, the things the family is grateful for: “Food,” “Our health,” “Daddy’s Job,” “Mommy’s Hope.” DuBuc has worked hard to protect her kids from the experiences that defined her childhood: the chaotic home life, most of all, and the lack of supervision that she believes got her into trouble. “That’s my No. 1 life mission,” she told me. “Raising my kids to be empathetic, good citizens.” As DuBuc recounted her memories of Indian Oaks Academy—the assaults she witnessed as a girl, the gruelling therapies—her son raced over, wearing a pirate’s eye patch and a sword at his hip. As the kids settled down to watch “Shrek,” Leah rummaged in the basement for her old green binder. Inside was the apologetic letter from the Brighton Police lieutenant and the countless appeals she’d written to politicians, judges, and journalists, hoping for a break. She peeled open the sticky pages of her photo album, which chronicled her travels to Japan and India and her lobbying in Lansing. Together, we flipped from back to front, pausing often to talk. By the time we reached the opening pages, it was nearly midnight. We’d landed on a photograph of a ten-year-old DuBuc at a dance recital, her emerald-green tank top contrasting with her flaming-red hair. She was holding a carnation. In a moment, DuBuc would get up to look in on her sleeping son and daughter, wishing for them what Jeremiah 29:11 had spoken of—“hope, and a future”—before double-checking the deadbolts. But for now she sat in silence. “That’s me,” she finally said. “A kid.” ♦ Share Tweet Sarah Stillman is a staff writer at The New Yorker and a visiting scholar at the N.Y.U. Arthur L. Carter Journalism Institute. MORE » & Sign up for the daily newsletter: The best of The New Yorker every day. Enter e-mail address Go Please enter a valid e-mail address Submitting... Thank you for subscribing. You’ll receive your first newsletter soon. View all newsletters » More From The New Yorker About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store SecureDrop About About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store Strongbox Condé Nast Digital © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast. Our sites Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides.com Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Teen Vogue Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast. Link your subscription Link your subscription Have a login? Sign In Already have a login? Sign in Link Your Subscription Have a login? Sign in
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Links 3/23/17 - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith Supreme Court Decides For Workers and Against Private Equity in Important Bankruptcy Case, Jevic - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith Commercial & Residential Real Estate Bubble Again a Risk to Financial Stability; Fed’s Rosengren Worried - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith Alice in Gender-Gap Land - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/22/2017 - 03/22/2017 - Lambert Strether Taking on Trump’s Agenda: Nine Tough Questions for SEC Chair Nominee Jay Clayton on the Eve of His Confirmation Hearings - 03/22/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 3/22/17 - 03/22/2017 - Lambert Strether Even Before Brexit Triggered, EU Again Signals It Is Not Budging on “Shape of the Table” Issue - 03/22/2017 - Yves Smith Who Benefits From the Mayo Clinic Explicitly Putting Commercially Insured Patients Ahead of Some Government Insured Patients? - 03/22/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/17/2017 Posted on March 17, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Trade “‘It’s hard to overstate how much the German chancellor, who aides say has been preparing for her visit to the White House for weeks, has riding on this meeting,’ Politico Europe’s Matthew Karnitschnig reports. ‘When it comes to the existential questions of the economy and security, the U.S. remains Germany’s indispensable partner,’ Karnitschnig writes. ‘What’s less obvious is what the U.S. gets out of the deal. Merkel’s challenge during several hours of both one-on-one and group meetings with Trump will be to convince him that the answer is ‘plenty.” To help sell her argument, Merkel is bringing high-profile CEOs of German companies to help the president recognize how much they invest in the U.S. and how many Americans they employ” [Politico]. Politics New Cold War “In a congressional investigation—particularly one as politically fraught as an inquiry into Russian meddling in U.S. elections—bipartisanship is essential to success. Tracking and analyzing any Russian contacts and activities will present huge challenges. It will require access to individuals and documents not only here at home, but in other countries as well. Some of the evidence will be classified. There may be leaks and false leads. Targets of the investigation will be defensive. Witnesses may obstruct the inquiry. There will be efforts to delay and efforts to seek back channels to weaken the committee’s commitment to the facts” [John Warner and Carl Levin, Politico]. “Despite all of these threats, the investigation can be successful, but only if those members of Congress leading the inquiry direct the majority and minority staffs to operate in a completely bipartisan manner—to link arms and hold tight.” “The outcry over Russian machinations comes with a heavy dose of irony considering that, twenty years ago, the United States launched an even bolder interference campaign to ensure Boris Yeltsin’s reelection” [Jacobin]. A truly confident ruling class would do a lot less whinging than ours does. Health Care “U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday met with a dozen conservative Republicans from the House of Representatives and said all of them were now planning to support the bill to replace Obamacare after previously opposing or questioning it” [Reuters]. “‘All of these no’s or potential no’s are all yeses,’ Trump told reporters at a meeting with members of the House of Representatives’ conservative Republican Study Committee.” “In a letter Thursday, governors from Ohio, Nevada, Michigan and Arkansas wrote Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan and said the legislation the House is considering “does not ensure the resources necessary to make sure no one is left out, and shifts significant new costs to states.” They said the bill “does not meet” goals set out by President Donald Trump about state flexibility and making sure people are covered” [Bloomberg]. Ohio and Michigan: Two important swing states Trump won. “Sen. Collins says she can’t support House health care plan in current form” [Portland Press Herald]. “‘This bill doesn’t come close to achieving the goal of allowing low-income seniors to purchase health insurance,’ Collins said.” And Maine is the oldest state. ‘The Ryan bill does not adjust for geography or for income – except for higher incomes – so a 60-year-old living in Portland or Caribou would receive $4,000 to help pay for a health plan regardless of whether the enrollee earns $20,000 or $50,000. Also, health care costs can vary widely by region and are typically much more expensive in rural areas. For instance, a silver plan for a 60-year-old who earns $30,000 purchased on the ACA marketplace would currently cost $8,692 in Portland, but $13,317 in Caribou.” Portland is District 1 (went for Clinton). Caribou is District 2 (went for Trump). Collins was born in Caribou. “[A] quieter group of lawmakers from districts that Trump either lost, or barely won, are assessing the plan, too, and some are already leaning against it. Tipping to conservatives’ wishes would risk alienating those concerned about phasing out Medicaid subsidies too quickly or about fallout from the Congressional Budget Office projections of higher premiums and an increase in the number of uninsured” [RealClearPolitics]. “The process, which could drag on through the next recess, could leave some of the already vulnerable members susceptible to attacks from constituents wary of health care changes. On this legislation and other measures, this group of lawmakers will be interesting to watch, particularly the 23 Republicans who hail from districts Hillary Clinton won in 2016.” UPDATE “The real question is whether McConnell, Pence, and Ryan will wind up deciding the risk of gutting the filibuster is acceptable if the only alternative is the complete collapse of the Obamacare repeal-and-replace process, leading to angry ‘red-state’ mobs inspiring a new tea party movement, and perhaps a fatal intra-party split” [Ed Kilgore, New York Magazine]. “If nothing else, this approach could be a ‘break glass in case of an emergency’ fallback if all else fails, as it certainly looks like it may.” (That last link is worth a clickthrough, too; it’s fun to read a “Republicans in Disarray” story, for a change.) If the Republicans do this, the Democrats are going to look awfully foolish for not having done it in 2009. “The Lessons of Obamacare” [Ezra Klein and Sarah Kliff, Vox]. “Obama had a habit, back in meetings during the Affordable Care Act’s drafting, his former advisers recall. He would start twisting an invisible Rubik’s cube in the air, working his hands around to try to make the pieces fit together just right.” This is simply sycophantic, unsurprsingly for Klein, less so for the normally level-headed Kliff. The pieces to fit together shouldn’t exist in the first place. Medicare for All isn’t a Rubik’s Cube; it’s a simple, rugged, and proven solution. And here they simply rewrite history: Jacob Hacker, a Yale political scientist who wrote his dissertation on the Clinton administration’s failed effort, distills the problem well. ‘When it comes to health care, it’s one thing to make the system better,’ he says. ‘It’s a whole other to remake it entirely. You can ask Americans to walk forward, slowly, knowing they can scramble back to the ledge if need be. You cannot ask them to jump.'” Hacker was the primary academic proponent of the so-called public option, originally proposed as Medicare-like and of Medicare scale, that career “progressives” used to suck away all the oxygen from single payer, at which point, having served its purpose, it dwindled into nothing. If you look at the polls, and if you listen to the voters, including Trump voters — as Sanders is doing in Town Halls right now — you’ll see that people are, well, dying for Medicare for All. It’s the political class that’s trembling at the ledge. Klein and Kliff have themselves confused with people who matter. Trump Transition “While the White House has lofty aspirations with its proposed $1 trillion infrastructure investment plan, it looks like there may be some harsh budgetary realities to deal with first, considering the proposed cuts for the United States Department of Transportation (DOT) as per President Trump’s budget blueprint, which was released yesterday” [Logistics Management]. “[I]t sets out the administration’s governing priorities, including a stark austerity message for programs popular with both Republicans and Democrats. DOT spending would decline 12.7% from this year and the Army Corps of Engineers, which maintains ports and inland waterways, would cut its spending by one-sixth. The administration says some of that spending could come back if it can pass a $1 trillion infrastructure bill” [Wall Street Journal]. So no net stimulus? Apparently not– “[T]he administration now says an infrastructure plan would come after Congress copes with health care and tax reform—two difficult issues laden with political minefields. One growing concern is that much of the investment may come in the form of tax breaks rather than direct federal spending, and so there may be few new projects beyond those state and local governments were planning anyway” [Wall Street Journal]. “[F]or all the pain it proposes, the budget summary is pathetically weak on substance and analysis. It deals only with discretionary spending, the roughly one-third of the budget for which Congress is supposed to appropriate money annually. Unlike the first-year, so-called skinny budgets offered by presidents going back to Ronald Reagan, it omits any figures on mandatory programs, including Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, as well as estimates of tax revenues, interest payments or deficits, and any explanation of the document’s underlying economic assumptions” [Editorial Board, New York Times]. “The problem with Spicer citing the possibility of incidental collection, of course, is that Trump claimed the [“wiretap”] surveillance was targeted at him — and directed by Obama. Incidental collection is, by definition, incidental — i.e. unintentional. The wiretap wouldn’t be of Trump Tower; it would be of whomever was contacting Trump Tower” [WaPo]. Sure, if you have faith, as process liberals do, that (a) the distinction between wiretapping and other forms of harvesting conversations is important (this distinction bedevilled the discussion of Bush’s program of warrentless surveillance, when the NSA first began sucking up everything), and (b) that the (so-called) FISA Court would never, ever authorize a fishing expedition, where “incidental” collection was the actual goal. “For the Record: White House budget director did not say Meals on Wheels did not show results” [WaPo]. I thought that talking point smelled funny; liberal and the Democrat Establishment tend to focus on programmatic “totem animals” (like saving polar bears because they’re cute, instead of saving entire habitats, far more important, and indeed, necessary to save the polar bears, too, but harder to fundraise off of, because habits are not cute, unless your John Muir or something). So liberal Democrats are vulnerable to defeat in detail when one of their talking points goes bad, as seems to be happening now with the Russkis flap. Of coure, if the Democrats were able to develop and communicate an actual governing philosophy, the details wouldn’t matter so much, now would they? 2020 “Chelsea Clinton fuels speculation of political run” [The Hill]. “In the meantime, the mom of two small children has a full schedule: She’s vice chair at the Clinton Foundation, where she works several times a week, and is an adjunct professor at Columbia University, where she teaches a global health governance class.” “Several times a week.” Fancy! 2018 “There are three dis­tinct­ive sea­sons in the bi­an­nu­al elec­tion cycle. The first is to fig­ure out what happened in the last elec­tion and why. The second is to re­cruit the strongest can­did­ates you can find. The third is the cam­paign it­self” [Cook Political Report]. “This year, Demo­crats be­came so con­sumed with the Demo­crat­ic Na­tion­al Com­mit­tee elec­tions that they didn’t really ex­am­ine what happened on a na­tion­al level.” The losers get to write the history (when they’re winners in the party). 2016 Post Mortem “Wells Fargo executives were awarded more money in 2016 despite scandal, filing shows” [Charlotte Observer]. Just think. If Obama had met Loretta Lynch on the tarmac and gotten her to throw some Wells Fargo executives in jail, Hillary Clinton [genuflects] might be President today! Realignment and Legitimacy “[T]he urban/rural and exurban/inner suburban split we saw in the 2016 campaign is alive and well a month into President Trump’s tenure. Those who live in exurban and rural areas give him a 53-59 percent job approval rating, while those in cities and inner suburbs give him subpar job ratings. Just 35 percent of urban suburbanites and 23 percent of city dwellers approved of the job he was doing” [Cook Political Report]. Stats Watch Quadruple Witching: Leading Indicators, February 2017: “Leading indicators are showing a rare string of strength, rising in February for a third month at a very strong 0.6 percent rate. Emerging strength in factory readings have been driving the gain along with continued strength in consumer expectations and low and favorable levels for jobless claims” [Econoday]. “Stock prices have also been a plus. This report is pointing to accelerating conditions for the nation’s economy over the next six months.” But: “The rate of growth may be improving on this index. Because of the significant backward revisions, I do not trust this index” [Econintersect]. Industrial Production, February 2017: “Factory production, as signaled by record acceleration in advance anecdotal reports, is beginning to find its footing. The manufacturing component of the industrial production report jumped 0.5 percent in February to signal the largest increase in month-to-month volumes since July 2015” [Econoday]. “The gain includes strength in business equipment as well as auto production and is underscored by an outsized 3 tenths upward revision to January which also now stands at 0.5 percent….. For the last several months regional reports like Empire State and especially the Philly Fed have been signaling a major breakout for the factory sector, one that, until today’s data at least, had yet to appear in the numbers out of Washington. Today’s report may mark the beginning of a significant climb for a sector that limped through 2016.” And: “The market expected some improvement this month in industrial production – but got the opposite. Utilities were the wobble this month as both manufacturing and mining improved. This report actually is relatively strong. The manufacturing surveys all predicted improvement – and it was delivered” [Econintersect]. And: “below expectations of a 0.2% increase, but January was revised up” [Calculated Risk]. Consumer Sentiment, March 2017 (preliminary): “The consumer sentiment index, which unlike other confidence readings had been edging back slightly, is once again showing increasing strength” [Econoday]. “But it’s the expectations component, up 2 tenths to 86.7, that once again reveals a deep schism in the report’s sample. Expectations among Democrats are at 55.3 in a reading consistent with what the report describes as an imminent recession. In contrast, Republican expectations at 122.5 are consistent with extraordinary strength, described in the report as a new economic era. Independents are the swing factor and their expectations are right in between, at 88.3. The report notes that respondents are showing selective attention to economic news with Democrats concentrating on the unfavorable and Republicans on the favorable.” 21st Century Schizoid Confidence Fairy… Atlanta Fed Business Inflation Expectations, March 2017: “[M]oderate rate but still the high for this economic cycle” [Econoday]. Labor Market Conditions: “The US Labor Market Conditions Index (LMCI) rose 1.3 in February following a 1.3 gain the previous month” [Economic Calendar]. “The overall increases in the index have, however, been relatively subdued over the past few months with the largest monthly gain only 1.3. The readings are well below the increases seen during 2014 and 2015.” Retail: “As the world’s largest retailer, Wal-Mart has a uniquely large impact on many state economies, and it is the largest employer in 23 states” [247 Wall Street]. Rail: “Week 10 of 2017 shows same week total rail traffic (from same week one year ago) marginally improved according to the Association of American Railroads (AAR) traffic data” [Econintersect]. “Although the data was better this week, the intuitive portions of the data remain soft.” Again, “stuff” is moving. But… Shipping: “Back in the 1980s, the last time shipping had plummeted so low, a slew of well known shipping brands were scuttled, never to trade again. The difference between then and now is two-fold – 30 years back interest rates were running at 15%, today they’re next to nothing. Also back then, American banks in particular – and to a certain extent French ones – were far more prominent, and their brutal attitude when things hit the fan was to deploy lawyers and clear out fleets fast” [Splash 247]. “Nowadays, we live in different times where vultures lie in wait and struggling lines are picked up for a pittance and carry on, prolonging the agony of what has been one of most protracted recessions in the history of commercial shipping.” Fodder for the Bulls: “The global economy enjoys a synchronised upswing” [The Economist]. “The past decade has been marked by false dawns, in which optimism at the start of a year has been undone—whether by the euro crisis, wobbles in emerging markets, the collapse of the oil price or fears of a meltdown in China. America’s economy has kept growing, but always into a headwind (see article). A year ago, the Federal Reserve had expected to raise interest rates four times in 2016. Global frailties put paid to that. Now things are different.” The Fed: “Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said yesterday that “the economy is doing well” as she announced the Fed’s third benchmark rate hike since the Great Recession. Yet there are important arguments against the rate hike: Unemployment hasn’t fallen to the level it reached in the late 1990s; wages are still stagnant; people of color are still unemployed at much higher rates than white workers. So it may be far better to let the economy “run hot” (i.e., risk a bit of inflation) than to lock in this labor market for the long term” [Lenore Palladino, Medium]. “There’s also another key issue that’s discussed far less frequently: Increasing the target rate means increasing the interest payments that the Federal Reserve makes on the excess reserve balances that private banks hold with the Fed. These payments aren’t small change. Back-of-the-envelope math tells us that the Fed paid an average of $8 billion a month in excess reserve interest payments just since January of 2014 — and payments have been above $10 billion per month since the Fed raised the core rate in December 2015.[2] Should these payments continue, as the benchmark rate rises and the economy is judged to be ‘doing well?'” Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 50 Neutral (previous close: 53, Greed) [CNN]. One week ago: 61 (Greed). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Mar 16 at 11:50am. Trump euphoria wearing off? Gaia “Animal behaviour: World of webs” [Nature]. “Arachnid Orchestra & Cosmic Dust: The Multiverse Tour” is an exhibit in Buenos Aires, starting Apriil 6. So, for our Argentinian readers! The 420 “One of the unintended side effects (probably) of legalizing marijuana for recreational use could be a drop of 7.1% in retail sales of beer, or about $2 billion, according to the Cannabiz Consumer Group. In states where recreational use is already legal, 27% of beer drinkers claim they have already substituted (or would substitute if it were legal to do so where they live) cannabis for beer” [247 Wall Street]. Guillotine Watch Metaphor along the Acela corridor: Class Warfare “The Increasing Significance of the Decline of Men” [New York Times]. The future is female… “Credentials, Jobs and the New Economy” [Tressie McMillan Cottom, Inside Higher Ed]. (This is Tressie MC, who wrote that excellent report on a Trump rally at a time when the mainstream press was even more filled with useless drivel and propaganda than usual.) Important: “[O]f the 109 students formerly or presently enrolled in for-profit colleges that I interviewed between 2011 and 2015, no one talked about the context of their college choices in ways that would suggest that more accurate or clear job-placement data would have changed their circumstances or decisions. Instead, they talked about a credential as insurance against risks they could not continue to bear alone… What JJ really needed was to not need a credential at all. It was only when the conditions of the labor market devalued his and Janice’s experiences that they considered college.” News of the Wired “P. G. Wodehouse’s American Psycho” [McSweeney’s]. Finally! “Google Home is playing audio ads for Beauty and the Beast” [The Verge]. Glass bowls… “How to Clear a Path Through 60 Feet of Snow, Japanese Style” [Atlas Obscura]. Vertical feet… * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (Lee): Lee writes: Dark Star Ceonothus (CA native), Emeryville, CA 03/15/17. Taking me back… Musical interlude: Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00000 This entry was posted in Guest Post, Water Cooler on March 17, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← Diversity and Public Goods: The More We Mix, the Better The Role of Experts in Public Debate → Subscribe to Post Comments 90 comments Altandmain March 17, 2017 at 2:13 pm Has anyone read up on the US Navy’s nuclear plans? https://warisboring.com/super-fuzed-warheads-on-u-s-navy-subs-risk-sparking-an-accidental-nuclear-war-c31aa0f0a125#.3qmvlxuyd%5D It could make a bad situation worse. In terms of other interesting tidbits, the American Conservative is calling for diplomacy between the US and North Korea: http://www.theamericanconservative.com/articles/the-case-for-talking-to-north-korea/ Sad to see the paleoconservatives going for diplomacy, while the Clinton liberals in bed with the neoconservatives. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim March 17, 2017 at 3:00 pm Diplomacy between the US and North Korea? It’s about friggin’ time! I once read a book by a negotiator named Herb Cohen. He was a legend in the field. What was his secret? To keep both sides talking! The more they talk, the higher the likelihood of an agreement at some point. Reply ↓ Paid Minion March 17, 2017 at 4:34 pm I got a better idea……….declare Victory, and go home Let the South Koreans, Chinese and Japanese sort it out. No need for us to even participate, other than working out a deal to finish recovering our MIAs from Unsan, Chosin, and “The Gauntlet”. Reply ↓ Altandmain March 18, 2017 at 8:27 pm Sadly it’s the paleoconservatives calling for diplomacy, not Donald Trump and Kim talking together, or through diplomatic intermediaries. I fear that Trump will be more business as usual. Reply ↓ Bill Smith March 17, 2017 at 3:11 pm The Navy’s new fuses… Wasn’t this here the other day? Don’t really see it as big a deal as they claim. Same thing could have been done in 1998 or 2008. If you are going to wipe out the Russian ICBM force in a first strike why does it matter that you use 50% or 90% of your SLBM’s? What are the remaining ones for? And the US ICBM’s? And the aircraft delivered stuff. Now they are claiming they just don’t need as many as before. The whole idea of a first strike being successful is just crazy. I’ve always been amused by these articles as they never discuss things like the fratricide between the first nuclear weapon denotation and the follow on ones. To get the second warhead there, what is the probability of successfully navigating multiple humongous electromagnetic pulses to arrive at the target with a functioning warhead? Stuff just doesn’t work like that. Other problems too, once you move from a Hollywood set to real life. Lucky for us – so far – I guess. Reply ↓ Altandmain March 17, 2017 at 4:26 pm It’s not whether the US can do it or not that’s the problem. It’s how the Russians interpret it. If they do see it as hostile (and frankly I can see why they might), risk of a nuclear war goes up. Reply ↓ alex morfesis March 18, 2017 at 12:00 am mutual assured stupidity…it takes more than 50 decent sized nukes to cripple either side…the dust cloud from just one side being stupid enough to use 25 nukes will ensure that both sides lose probably 50% + of each others population due to crop and food losses over the course of 3 years, with limited capacity to factor in who will actually survive beyond 5 years, if anyone…no food, no commerce, disrupted weather cycles… also, there is that problem that rockets really don’t work as well as they are marketed…and the chance the weapons explode at attempted launch, or just fall back down on your own country are fairly large… The money is in creating fear, not actually going to war… 100 years ago, the russian nobility thought all they had to do was get rid of Nicholas 2 History almost never plays out as planned… there is no reason for microsoft to have passed by all its competition, and no reason for apple to have been resurrected… RCA traded at 169 in march of 1928 & depending on how you calculate it, probably never saw that price again… I would be more worried about pakistan and india farting nukes at each other and not giving much thought to the effects on their own populations nor the world at large… but as described above, as to korea…declare victory…remove the troops…watch onedumbsun freak out when the great devil is no longer there to scare his unknowing minions… china could no longer claim it can’t “deal” with onedumbsun without leaving the us of a with troops on its border… the north would now have his bluff called, since he is sitting on basically 1950’s and 1960’s technology… and the south would have to figure out how to either deal with or integrate the north…very expensive, either way… but sadly, methinx president don trumpioni has gone all MacArthur and is getting close to running out of card tricks…oh well…onto to 2018… Reply ↓ Roger Smith March 17, 2017 at 2:14 pm Woa! The page is being eaten alive by the train video! Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorMarch 17, 2017 at 2:24 pm It should be fixed now; if not, please refresh. The stupids at Google changed the embed code, and also changed the embed UI so it’s not possible to customize the size of a YouTube anymore. Reply ↓ Roger Smith March 17, 2017 at 3:08 pm Looks good now! Maybe they locked it away as a YT Red feature… innovation! Reply ↓ Darius March 17, 2017 at 2:37 pm Japan has universal single payer health care except employers can opt out and be the insurers for their employees. This is what I thought the public option should do. Make everyone eligible for Medicare but allow employers to continue providing healthcare if they choose to or unions bargain it. This would address the “can’t I keep my health care?” issue. Reply ↓ Uahsenaa March 17, 2017 at 4:15 pm It should be noted, though, that the national insurance scheme and employer provided ones are not functionally different. All medical procedures have a fixed cost in Japan, set by the government each year, so coverage is fundamentally the same since, unlike the US, there is no negotiating what gets covered, how much of the costs the insurance company pays, etc. The employer plans cover all the same things in exactly the same way the national scheme does. That said, healthcare in this country has nothing to do with cost; it’s simply a matter of political will. The US is the richest country in the world, and if we can manage to “find” (read: print) trillions of dollars to buy toxic assets off nearly insolvent banks, then I think we can “find” a trillion here or there to make sure people don’t die of perfectly treatable ailments. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef March 17, 2017 at 5:08 pm If we can talk about free college education, we can talk about free health care for all. National health insurance is good, but free health care for all is the best. Reply ↓ Benedict@Large March 17, 2017 at 5:37 pm +1 Reply ↓ Toolate March 18, 2017 at 2:27 am +100 Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef March 17, 2017 at 5:10 pm And I think we can afford it. Reply ↓ shinola March 17, 2017 at 2:57 pm Wow Lambert – that’s a fairly hardcore Dead Head cut. Haven’t listened to that particular album for a while – thanks! Reply ↓ Tvc15 March 17, 2017 at 3:42 pm Yes, thanks and a perfect transition from my corporately indoctrinated brain to my human being brain. After reading Chelsea’s picture book and given her exceptional credentials, I realized I need to start donating to her 2020 campaign! Maybe an all female ticket with Debbie or Donna would be fantastic. Reply ↓ craazyboy March 17, 2017 at 6:00 pm Debbie AND Donna. Yeah! That’s the ticket! Two VPs. Then you can do something like a coronation style campaign – the Queen To Be and her Two Ladies in Waiting. Fuggetabout pantsuits. Just sounds wrong. A cape! Debbie and Donna hold the ends of the cape and keep it from touching the ground! How awesome. Can’t wait to get back to work and have someone do that up in Photoshop. I’ll look sooo Majestic! Then we’ll have to think of a costume for hubby. Something cheery, yet subservient. Court Jester! I love those shoes that curl up in the toes! I’ll pick up a pair on Broadway on the way home. It’s hubby’s birthday again – he’s under house arrest and trying to do time faster. He’ll be so surprised. What a fine day this is turning out to be. I need chocolates. Debbie! Where are my chocolates? Reply ↓ HopeLB March 17, 2017 at 9:58 pm Love you craazyboy. Reply ↓ stefan March 17, 2017 at 4:35 pm The first time I attended a Grateful Dead concert was at Manhattan Center in April 1971. I was 18. A year later I was in the Army, and a year after that I was a Chinese linguist in Det. N, 500th MI Group! OMG, loved Dark Star! Reply ↓ sleepy March 17, 2017 at 7:22 pm I hadn’t heard Dark Star in years. Forgot how much I liked it also. I too was fortunate enough to see the Grateful Dead/New Riders of the Purple Sage over 4th of July weekend in 1970 at the Fillmore East complete with Merry Pranksters shooting off roman candles. The show started at midnight and ended around sunrise. Going outside to then dirty and grungy Manhattan was a real downer. Harshed my mellow for sure! Reply ↓ footnote4 March 18, 2017 at 12:20 am I also saw the Grateful Dead and New Riders of the Purple Sage together around then. Coincidence? I think not! Reply ↓ skippy March 18, 2017 at 12:34 am Grateful Dead Concerts Made $52 Million, Set Record for Biggest Music PPV Event Ever http://www.billboard.com/articles/news/grateful-dead/6641779/grateful-dead-farewell-concerts-total-earnings disheveled… the GD made squllions marketing a alt life style they never embraced nor went to jail for….. Reply ↓ FluffytheObeseCat March 18, 2017 at 1:03 am “Nor went to jail for….” No. Of course not. None of them were ever set up like a bowling pin, or knocked down… in a way that’s wearing thin. No members of the 27 club among them at all. It actually was different back then Skippy. Don’t “believe me”. Just Google it. The impetus behind many of the aged bitchers here is their memory of how different ‘It’ was 50 years ago. They honest-to-Gawd remember when famous guys went to jail same as the rest. Reply ↓ skippy March 18, 2017 at 2:00 am Giving acid out to the front row of Uni students as a marketing ploy was a triumph…. back in the day…. The GD were quite aware of what went down in the zoo parking lots and the results of such environments… crickets… disheveled…. ahh… the halcyon days when I did blood work…. so much money and life style… romanticism through a small window… that sometimes offers a desert rather than English country side…. which was really…. real…. Reply ↓ Linda March 17, 2017 at 3:14 pm Amtrak video. Some wag mentioned it’s the Trump Train with Hillary supporters on the side. Reply ↓ craazyboy March 17, 2017 at 4:01 pm I think they should name the train The SS Clinton. hahahaha. Reply ↓ Linda March 17, 2017 at 4:25 pm Haha. Yes, that works, too. Bernie supporters. Or, buzzing through Ohio. Reply ↓ Portia March 17, 2017 at 3:18 pm from Democracy Now https://www.democracynow.org/images/headlines/80/35680/quarter_hd/11McDoTweet.jpg Reply ↓ Linda March 17, 2017 at 3:27 pm McDonald’s says their account was hacked. They’re investigating. https://twitter.com/McDonaldsCorp Reply ↓ Portia March 17, 2017 at 3:29 pm that’s the kind of hacking I enjoy Reply ↓ Roger Smith March 17, 2017 at 4:09 pm Meanwhile, employees are still looking around for their living wages and benefits. Reply ↓ Knot Galt March 17, 2017 at 4:29 pm Let me guess. It was a McHack attack. Reply ↓ PH March 17, 2017 at 3:27 pm Poking North Korea worries me. Escalating involvement in Yemen worries me. Destroying EPA worries me. These are things Trump controls, and Congress will have little to say about. The spectacle of health care arguments and surveillance allegations dominate the news, but it will all seem petty in retrospect if there are nukes fired on the Korean Peninsula My gloom for the day Reply ↓ RenoDino March 17, 2017 at 5:01 pm N. Korea will soon be a smoking pile of kimchi courtesy of Trump within the next 18 months–or before if they launch any long range ballistic missiles–so you’re dead on about your concern. This move will be the fire that purges all the problems Trump has amassed up until that point. Hate to say it, but N. Korea has it coming given the fact they are the most vile nation state on the planet. It’s a perfect marriage of need and necessity. Maybe China can make they them back down and give up their nukes, but I doubt it. Reply ↓ Darius March 17, 2017 at 6:03 pm My understanding is North Korea has thousands of artillery pieces aimed at Seoul and could destroy it at a moment’s notice. That would be a risk of an attack on North Korea. Reply ↓ Mark P. March 17, 2017 at 7:57 pm [1] That’s correct about the artillery pieces trained on Seoul. Though God knows what state of repair they’re in after all these years. [2] It also would be par for the course for the Norkeans to have dug a tunnel deep and far enough under S. Korea that they could deliver one of their nuclear weapons along it by track or truck. No doubt this possibility has also occurred to somebody in S. Korea and the U.S., but whether the technology exists to detect such a tunnel and its location with sufficient accuracy and reliability I don’t know. [3] China has little control over Pyongyang, despite what many Westerners wish to believe. To the contrary: the Kim regime is a bigger headache for the Chinese than for us. [4] Still, it’s a big headache for all of us because if that part of the world goes up in mushroom clouds and fire, that’s the curtailment of our global technological civilization, as the majority of Planet Earth’s computer chip fabs and much other high-tech manufacturing capability is now located in S. Korea, Taiwan and South China. [5] It gets worse. The Kim regime essentially is aiming at nuclear compellence rather than simple deterrence. Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny March 17, 2017 at 7:29 pm This is an unacceptable possibility. You should not wish for this. Look at a map. North Korea could destroy the entire Seoul metro area within hours of a military move against the Kim regime. I can’t believe that any South Korean government would support such a move, even if the Pentagon jarheads assured them that those anti missile defenses were foolproof. The response would be a US nuclear attack on all of North Korea. What do you think China would do? Fools rush in where wise men fear to tread… Reply ↓ Mark P. March 17, 2017 at 8:20 pm Bugs Bunny wrote: ‘This is an unacceptable possibility. You should not wish for this’. Agreed to all of this. Also, I know of no anti-missile missile systems that has ever actually, you know, worked well enough that anybody with two brain cells to knock together would contemplate relying on it. The Patriots were 100 percent useless despite what you heard. The THAAD system looks cleverer, but I can see big holes in it and that multi-missile release by the Norkeans a fortnight ago was them sending the message that they do, too. And incidentally against a nation-state with modern nuclear weapons like China, Russia, and India no anti-missile system has a chance. A technologically modern state can MIRV its missiles — put Multiple Independently targetable Reentry Vehicles on a single missile. Nowadays, too, the Russians and the Indians have a range of impressive delivery technologies like nuclear cruise missiles, scramjets and ramjets Reply ↓ witters March 17, 2017 at 8:37 pm “N. Korea has it coming given the fact they are the most vile nation state on the planet. ” Really? Really? Or do you mean ‘on that tiny bit of the planet?’ I have a different candidate in mind, and for it “most vile nation state on the planet” fits. Reply ↓ Dead Dog March 18, 2017 at 1:20 am +1. Have to agree, Sport Reply ↓ ABasLesAristocrates March 17, 2017 at 7:53 pm North Korea is unlikely to use a nuke. It would remove their only bargaining chip: the possibility that they might use a nuke. And it would avail them nothing. Their tenuous “friendship” with China would likely end, and the US/RoK would finally have the cover they need to end the Kim dynasty and reunite the peninsula by force. Anything’s possible in brinkmanship, but if they do it they lose everything, and despite Western propaganda that says otherwise they’re not stupid or crazy. Reply ↓ Mark P. March 17, 2017 at 8:46 pm “It would remove their only bargaining chip: the possibility that they might use a nuke. And it would avail them nothing … they’re not stupid or crazy.” Agreed. (Or at least if Pyongyang is crazy, they’re crazy like a fox.) But think of it in these terms: if nuclear deterrence has a business model, how’s it work? Because a nuclear player has to do more than just acquire nukes. A transaction needs to happen.That is, that nuclear player has got to inject risk and uncertainty into the strategic calculus their adversary reckons with, so that adversary believes the player — Pyongyang in this case — would really use the things Thus, if you’re a smaller player with an inferior arsenal – which will still devastate a far more powerful adversary, given nuclear weapons’ vast destructiveness – the more you increase your enemy’s uncertainty about when you’ll use your nukes, the more deterrence you’ll gain. The catch is, while a smaller state wants maximum leverage from its weapons, it obviously doesn’t want to use them – it’ll get obliterated if it does. So how can it convincingly appear volatile and unpredictable? The answer is, the more risk it injects into its adversary’s strategic calculus the more leverage it gets, and the simplest way to do this is by keeping its nukes on hair-trigger, launch-on-warning status. Pakistan already does this. Now think of how many accidents we and the Russians have had (and whatever you’ve heard, the reality was worse) with our far superior failsafe procedures and technology. And consider that when a state is running its nuclear strategy on hair-trigger, launch-on-warning status that state is essentially running a fail-deadly nuclear strategy. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fail-deadly Then consider that Pyongyang has backward, cheesy detection and early-warning techologies Are you feeling better? Reply ↓ RenoDino March 17, 2017 at 10:28 pm Tillerson has set out a very simple track for negotiations that completely eliminates second guessing. Either give up all your nukes or be annihilated. Their numerous threats and their successful ballistic missile tests are the nails in their coffin. Will an overwhelming attack on Kim mitigate damage to South Korea? It’s N. Korea’s only real way to launch a counter attack. Beefing up any and all defense systems for the protection of South Korea is an imperative. Speculation about how N. Korea will take its place among the nuclear powers is now over. South Koreans, who have seen many similar situations in the past come to nothing, need to know this time it is not a drill. They need to take the necessary precautions for themselves and their families. Reply ↓ RMO March 17, 2017 at 11:09 pm It should be noted that North Korea only dropped out of the NPT and started full development of their own nuclear weapons after the U.S. refused to fulfill it’s part of the agreement both nations had entered into (apparently because the U.S. thought the North Korean regime would collapse) and after the Iraq debacle where a nation with no nuclear weapons program was attacked on false pretenses. I’m sure it occurred to a lot of nations that if Iraq actually HAD any nuclear weapons they would almost certainly not have been invaded. That event sure gave any nation not on the U.S.A.’s BFF list reason to consider getting their own nuclear arsenal regardless of any international opprobrium. Reply ↓ neo-realist March 17, 2017 at 3:46 pm News of the post Obama Administration cash out–A workplace comedy film set in the Obama White House. http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/obama-white-house-workplace-comedy-development-987039 Reply ↓ bob March 17, 2017 at 3:51 pm Infrastructure- Kai Ryssdal‏Verified account @kairyssdal Mar 16 People: please please please stop saying the WH wants to spend $1T on infrastructure. It’s $150bn in tax credits. Not at all the same thing. Saw that on twitter. Very, very true. This has been true for a while, and is becoming policy. All bonding authority is to be used to make wealthy people more wealthy, with projects that they support and control. It has NOTHING to do with what used to be called infrastructure. Reply ↓ PH March 17, 2017 at 4:32 pm The other popular con often matched to “infrastructure” proposals is the “repatriation” of corporate profits Popular tax giveaway Are there any unpopular tax giveaways? I swear, the only thing that holds them back are the crazed deficit hawks Strange world, Capitol Hill Reply ↓ BrianC March 17, 2017 at 4:04 pm Clearing Snow – The Going to the Sun Highway in Glacier National Park has the “Big Drift”: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Drift I seem to remember as a kid that this would get to 120 to 130 feet. But the wiki article says only 80 feet. They used to survey the route with rod and transit and then start the cut. I remember one year they were a lane off when they got down to the road. For awhile it was one way only. The road over the divide was completed in 1932, and Roosevelt came to the park to dedicate it in 1933. (If I remember correctly.) Back when this country *did* infrastructure… Reply ↓ Carolinian March 17, 2017 at 7:20 pm Cool info. That highway is the one used in the opening shots of Kubrick’s The Shining. Supposedly the daylight exteriors are the lodge at the base of Mt. Hood and the rest is studio. Reply ↓ Paid Minion March 17, 2017 at 4:27 pm “Several times a week” Going into the office for a half hour to use the fiber-optic connection to watch Youtube vids at 9:00am, then again at 4:30 could be interpreted as “several times a week”. You might as well stick a fork in them, if Democrats persist in this “Chelsea is the Future” plan. Reply ↓ PH March 17, 2017 at 5:17 pm The entrenched will never change. We need primary challengers. Need new people. Need more than that, but primary challengers are a necessary first step. I cannot imagine recruitment will be easy. Need tough, dedicated people with common sense. Those kind of people will most likely be drawn to other life choices. Battling the Borg is a tough row to hoe. Reply ↓ WheresOurTeddy March 17, 2017 at 5:30 pm Never accomplished anything, husband failed at his Greece-speculating hedge fund (must be a brilliant guy), kowtows to people with more wealth and power than her & looks down on those who don’t,never had a real job, “tried to care about money but just couldn’t”. Sounds like the modern Democratic party to me. They’d rather be Clintonite Third Way scum and lose. Where’s Henry Wallace when you really need him… Reply ↓ kgw March 17, 2017 at 4:50 pm “The Increasing Significance of the Decline of Men” [New York Times]. The future is female… Hahaa! We’re f****d! Reply ↓ RenoDino March 17, 2017 at 5:14 pm “They (governors) said the bill “does not meet” goals set out by President Donald Trump about state flexibility and making sure people are covered” “State flexibility” means one thing and thing only to Trump and Ryan and it has nothing to do with more coverage. To them it means states will get a fixed amount of medicaid money and they will have the flexibility to drop or deny coverage accordingly if they don’t want to use their own money. Trump gets to blame the states for denial of of his beautiful insurance. Reply ↓ Jen March 17, 2017 at 6:52 pm And then they’ll say “we’re not going to spend it on programs that cannot show that they actually deliver the promises that we’ve made to people.” See WaPo link above about meals on wheels. Reply ↓ LT March 17, 2017 at 5:18 pm RE: 2018 Cook Political “Some moderates and establishment-oriented Democrats are concerned that Democrats will nominate a lot of Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren devotees, not just in relatively liberal jurisdictions but also in constituencies that would prefer less ideological candidates…” There it is again. The establishment and radical “center” promoting the concept that they have no ideology or that somehow their ideology is less intrusive than others. It’s why term “neoliberal” has really started to eat at them. They want people to believe “TINA” and anything else is some kind of wild idea. Also, Sanders and Warren aren’t radical. They are painted that way by a radical and violent establishment. Still waiting on Sanders to write the single payer plan he spoke about (although there is one out there already written). I don’t even hear Warren coming out full force for single payer. It brings me back to Corey Robin’s post from yesterday on the site: http://coreyrobin.com/2017/03/14/the-real-parallel-between-hitler-and-trump/ “The genius of the American system is how the Invisible Hand works to produce systemic vice rather than incidental virtue.” Reply ↓ WheresOurTeddy March 17, 2017 at 5:35 pm Bernie is a 1950s New Deal democrat, and not particularly leftist for that time period. Liz is a 1950s North Eastern Moderate Republican. Overton Window pulled rightward for 70 years. As far as I can tell “The Modern Democratic Party” ™ exists to make sure we *never, ever* use government to help people who actually need it. Russians hacked the election for Trump, eh? What about the idea that in the 1980s Republicans hacked the Democrats and assimilated them like the Borg from Star Trek? “TINA” is just another way to say “Resistance Is Futile…” Reply ↓ PH March 17, 2017 at 5:48 pm I understand what you mean, and I agree. But there is certain numb belief in their own bulls*t among the bluedogs. I think the big picture was caving into racism in the early 80s. Resentment was directed toward “welfare queens” and so some Dems distanced themselves by saying they were in favor of a third way — not entlements. Similarly, blue Dogs insisted they were big military supporters, not pacifists like hippie Dems. Both reacting to what Blue Dogs viewed as negative reputations coming out of 1960s. Often trying to hold onto seats in south or border states. Then they marinated in corporate money and the delusions of grandeur that came along with the bubble of the 1990s. A mess a long time in the making. But what you see on Capitol Hill are a lot of Dem staff who pride themselves on having little concern about policy. For 15 years, at least, it has been like that. Instead they pride themselves on reading political tea leaves, and riding along with the most conventional approach to avoid political mistakes that could cost a seat. Sad, but true. Reply ↓ fosforos March 17, 2017 at 5:49 pm Doesn’t any single-payer (improved-medicare-for-all) bill involve spending and raising a lot of money, and doesn’t the constitution require all such bills to originate in the House? So why would anybody wonder why Senator Sanders doesn’t introduce such a bill? Reply ↓ LT March 17, 2017 at 10:10 pm He introduced a single payer bill (915 or 916) to the Senate a few years ago. The musings recently probably have to do with revisions yet to be seen? And of course they are usually co-sponsored and have to go through the house first. But then I read about how the Dems have him out shilling for the ACA and I face palm. You could chalk it up to him not wanting things to get worse before they get better, but then you look at the party he’s attached himself to in the Beltway and the pessimism sets in. Reply ↓ allan March 17, 2017 at 5:36 pm How The Tooth Fairy Helps Explain The Rising Cost Of Parenting [NPR] (audio available later this evening) Upper-class economists raise consciousness over how much they’re paying their kids for their teeth. Hilarity ensues. Or not. If you want to know why some couldn’t care less whether NPR is defunded, you can start here. Kill it with fire. Reply ↓ Ken Lieb March 17, 2017 at 5:46 pm ” If you look at the polls, and if you listen to the voters, including Trump voters — as Sanders is doing in Town Halls right now — you’ll see that people are, well, dying for Medicare for All.” Sorry, can’t buy that, as much as I would like. In Colorado, where I reside, a state that went solidly for Clinton, a “medicare for all” initiative was on the November 2016 ballot. It lost 80/20. That’s 4 to 1 in a solidly blue state. Whatever the merits of Medicare for all, it is a long long way from being politically feasible. Reply ↓ AnnieB March 17, 2017 at 6:19 pm Many of us in Colorado voted against the single payer initiative because it didn’t make clear how it would affect Medicare recipients. It was also unclear how the new bureaucracy would be set up and who would be in charge of making decisions. So there was still a lot of work to be done on the initiative before people could feel comfortable voting for it. A little Colorado history may help explain the reticence. We have the Tabor Amendment of 1992 (tax payer bill of rights) which severely restrains the state’s ability to tax and spend without a ballot vote. This has turned out to be a real problem for schools. Anyway, some citizens feel burned by Tabor and are skeptical about radical new ballot measures that don’t answer important questions. But there are plenty of citizens who still support it and don’t want government to do anything. Reply ↓ dcrane March 17, 2017 at 11:56 pm Can’t speak for Colorado, but to me it seems quite different to vote for a unified national scheme than to vote to have your own (small) state try to do it on its own. Reply ↓ Ranger Rick March 17, 2017 at 5:48 pm If you need a dose of humor today, go look at the wailing and gnashing of teeth on the NYT’s GCHQ allegations article’s comment page. The humor comes at a price, though: none of these commenters have apparently read anything about Snowden’s PRISM leaks. Even a quick peek at Wikipedia would show them that GCHQ shares intercepted communications with US intelligence agencies. Reply ↓ bob March 17, 2017 at 6:00 pm ” In states where recreational use is already legal, 27% of beer drinkers claim they have already substituted (or would substitute if it were legal to do so where they live) cannabis for beer”” That’s why NYS will never allow it. The booze/beer industry in NYS is owned by the mob (or, rather, the mob became the Upstanding Industry), and the mob owns a lot of the booze industry outside of NYS. Just like with finance, NYS/NYC dictate policy. Reply ↓ human March 18, 2017 at 12:59 pm Oh, I don’t know. I seem to remember (?) that I always drank more beer when stoned. Maybe it was just the environment, one leading to the other? Either way, listening to the Dead usually brought on more of both … with additional refreshment and stimulus … Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive March 17, 2017 at 6:05 pm Love that train video. A metaphor for today’s world? A train coming into station, about a foot of snow on the tracks….hmmmm… It’s what happens when you put your brain on hold…… Reply ↓ JustAnObserver March 17, 2017 at 6:53 pm More than a foot. The snow was a foot or so above the platform level & the rails 1 or 2 feet below => 2-3 feet. Also: Those on the platform were very slow to start moving. Looking at the clock on the video stream it seemed they had 5-6 seconds before the snow wave hit them & they just stood there like dummies. Reply ↓ Randy March 17, 2017 at 10:34 pm The three in the foreground were entranced by their smartphones and some of the people further back were made oblivious to their surroundings by smartphone use also. It never ceases to amaze me that people can be so hypnotized by a damn phone that they are totally unaware of what is happening around them. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles March 17, 2017 at 6:34 pm “The Increasing Significance of the Decline of Men” [New York Times]. The future is female…” So now THEY’RE going to support US. I like it. (yes, sarc – to a degree.) Only there’s a fly in the ointment: (from the article) “Women have strong mate preferences such that they do not want to mate or marry men who are less educated, less intelligent, and less successful than they are.” How very traditional of them. IOW, there are aspects of the formerly male role they refuse to undertake. Not only is this unfair, it creates a lot of personal misery as women move into higher-paying echelons and are, on average, more successful than their male peers (which is the point of the stats in the article). There was an article about this on Alternet years ago, based on interviews. It confirmed the professor’s quote – and showed that the new situation, devoutly to be wished though it is, is confusing and frustrating to the young people, of both sexes, involved in it. Assuming that it isn’t biological, I blame the Women’s Movement (and yes, I was an intense observer). Aside from the losses and deterioration by men, the present situation was intended. It was the goal, so completely foreseeable. Yet there seems to have been no effort, certainly that I saw, to educate people, and especially women, about what was coming and how they would have to change. We can’t be sure that would have made a difference, but it was certainly a huge oversight. Anyway, your hopes for a nice career as a boytoy are probably forlorn. Reply ↓ Yves Smith March 17, 2017 at 6:56 pm Women’s expectations for gender role changes with respect to relationships are way ahead of men’s. Reply ↓ Massinissa March 17, 2017 at 8:41 pm I’m not really sure I understand what this means. Could you please clarify or explain? I’m not doubting you, I just don’t entirely understand what you mean by this. Reply ↓ witters March 17, 2017 at 8:44 pm ‘Way ahead’ on the objective measure of human progress? Reply ↓ Oregoncharles March 18, 2017 at 12:32 am Which changes and which expectations? Is the professor wrong? As far as I can tell, partly from my son’s experience but also from published sources, including here, courtship norms have changed shockingly little – if anything, they’ve backslid since the 80s. At the same time, women’s role in the workplace has changed dramatically (even if there’s still a long way to go), and to some extent marriage has had to change to accommodate that. Like Massinissa, I’d love to know what you mean by this. Reply ↓ Yves Smith March 18, 2017 at 5:20 am I’m shocked you guys need to have this explained. I’m old enough to have been a half generation into the period when women had a decent shot at real careers, meaning not being the spinster aunt that taught school (although in fairness, teachers also had better relative pay and social status back then, but with some very limited exceptions, that was about as far as women could get, career-wise). Until the mid-late 1960s, college educated women who had the same educational chops as men could be hired only as secretaries or if they had professional degrees, into feminized areas, like matrimonial or family law. The first class at HBS that took women was the class of 1965. Let us put it another way: when I graduated from HBS, the grandmother of one of my college friends had run a retailing business in the 1930s after her husband died (she would travel by herself to the North to buy for the stores, which was unheard of then), meaning she was a remarkably independent woman for her era. Her daughter, who had both a college and graduate degree and a substantial inheritance, still clearly chafed at the way she was expected to serve her husband (and mind you, the daughter often traveled on her own, kept her assets separate and thus didn’t have to account to her husband for her clothes shopping and other personal expenditures, and was an A level donor in Los Angeles, meaning she was very active in the community). The grandmother, when she heard about my starting salary at Goldman, immediately said, “Isn’t that wonderful. She won’t have to get married.” Men do not understand that marriage is an institution designed for men. Women are expected to stoke male egos and do more housework then men, and that’s on top of bearing most if not all of the childrearing duties if there are kids. And despite everyone getting sentimental about children, actually raising the isn’t a great job. Why do you think generations of aristocrats handed that off to wet nurses and nannies? Why do you think women who have professional careers generally try to go back to work even when after paying for the child support it is not a net plus budget-wise (I know MANY women in NYC for whom this is the case, they’ve said as much to me when I haven’t even asked)? Even a friend who really relished raising her kids (she’d majored in behavioral psych and also particularly good at finding things to do that were stimulating for her and her kids) managed to work out a great largely at home research gig where she still had lots of interaction with grown-ups on the phone. It’s clear to me at a distance that she wasn’t doing this mainly for the money, that she really needed more adult company than she would have as a full time mom. The early feminist literature is heavily about the alienation of being a full time mother/housewife, that women increasingly felt it was an insufficient outlet for their energies and hopes, that they were trapped. Women were understood to be subordinate to men in marriage because they were economically dependent. Yes, the movies of the 1930s through the 1950s showed that it was often way more complicated than that, women were regularly able to manipulate men and men even understood that and played along. Only the very wealthy would/could get divorced. Getting divorced was socially stigmatizing to women, much more so than to men plus women used to get terrible settlements. I know someone whose mother was divorced in 1968. He and his two siblings lived on the edge of poverty, and from the age of six he had to keep his mother from committing suicide. His father, who made millions a year, remarried twice. So women getting reproductive control and access to jobs meant they didn’t have to get married and could thus be fussier about who they married and the terms of the marriage. The fact that far more divorces are initiated by women than men is a proof of that. Women expect more equal treatment, however you define that, and not all men are on board. You see this in an extreme way in Japan, where gender roles are particularly unequal. “Parasite single” women are refusing to marry at all and continue to live with their parents, basically on a permanent basis. Reply ↓ PH March 18, 2017 at 10:38 am Read Sisters of Fortune, about the Caton sisters circa 1815 to 1845. I think you might enjoy it. One of the sisters became an accomplished bond trader in London. Remained unmarried for a lot of the time. Their dad was political farmer during the revolution, and a leader in Maryland. The women gravitated toward Dolly Madison. Still, a bit stifled in US. After war of 1812 concluded, suddenly had opportunity to go to London. American women were novelty at court, and they had charisma, and two never left. Interesting book. Might interest you especially because in that period government bonds were the main security traded, and inside information at court was considered valuable and normal. Rothschild empire was built upon it. But never easy. Rothchilds often felt under stress, from what I’ve read, trying to keep informed, and to anticipate market directions. I am sure the periodic market crashes contributed to that. Reply ↓ LT March 17, 2017 at 6:53 pm Glad you linked back to the 2012 write up on “The Obama Enablers Lie.” Something as basic as all of us remembering makes a big difference when trying to wade through so much political spin. Reply ↓ allan March 17, 2017 at 7:01 pm Trump administration rolls back protections for people in default on student loans [WaPo] Days after a report on federal student loans revealed a double-digit rise in defaults, President Trump’s administration revoked federal guidance Thursday that barred student debt collectors from charging high fees on past-due loans. The Education Department is ordering guarantee agencies that collect on defaulted debt to disregard a memo former President Barack Obama’s administration issued on the old bank-based federal lending program, known as the Federal Family Education Loan (FFEL) Program. That memo forbid the agencies from charging fees for up to 16 percent of the principal and accrued interest owed on the loans, if the borrower entered the government’s loan rehabilitation program within 60 days of default. … he action does not affect any borrowers whose loans are held by the Education Department, according to the department. It could, however, impact nearly 7 million people with $162 billion in FFEL loans held by guarantee agencies. … Fortunately, there are no WWC borrowers among them, amirite? Reply ↓ freedeomny March 17, 2017 at 7:08 pm Donna B finally admits to giving ?s to HC prior to the debate…. http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2617742/ Reply ↓ sd March 18, 2017 at 2:42 am That she actually thought Clinton was too stupid to answer a question without help is really quite telling. Clinton must be dumb as a post. Any half intelligent person would see it as an insult. Reply ↓ dontknowitall March 17, 2017 at 7:13 pm British press (Telegraph and BBC) are reporting the White House press secretary is apologizing to GCHQ accusing them of tapping Trump for Obama…considering the recent resignation of the GCHQ chief ‘to spend time with his family’ and the fact the White House has never admitted the Brits spy on American cables to allow NSA to bypass protections this sounds more like they are protecting plausible deniability and useful presidential tools than about Trump tapping…the GCHQ chief fell on his sword and all is forgiven now. Reply ↓ ABasLesAristocrates March 17, 2017 at 8:06 pm Adjunct professor, huh? So even a Clinton can’t get a tenure-track position anymore. Reply ↓ allan March 17, 2017 at 8:10 pm Betsy DeVos’s Hiring of For-Profit College Official Raises Impartiality Issues [NYT] As chief compliance officer for a corporate owner of for-profit colleges, Robert S. Eitel spent the past 18 months as a legal point man for a company facing multiple government investigations, including one that ended with a settlement of more than $30 million over deceptive student lending. [Sounds legit.] Today, Mr. Eitel — on an unpaid leave of absence — is working as a special assistant to the new secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, whose department is setting out to roll back regulations governing the for-profit college sector. … Bridgepoint — a publicly traded company that operates Ashford University and University of the Rockies [Who? What?], enrolls roughly 50,000 students, and primarily offers online degrees — has come under frequent scrutiny by federal and state watchdogs. … Definitely a win-win for the back row kids. At what point do the Trumpbots admit that either they’ve been scammed or that they’re scambots? Reply ↓ knowbuddhau March 17, 2017 at 9:41 pm About the same time Clintonbots and Obamabots do likewise. Got it penciled in for 2/30/20ohnevermind. Snark aside, I think the people who made a rational choice could turn on him. But I expect those who made a gut choice to go to their graves defending it/him. Saviors can’t fail. They can only be failed. #Sameasiteverwas. Reply ↓ Cujo359 March 17, 2017 at 9:08 pm Interesting development that doesn’t seem to have been covered by US news organizations: “UN official resigns over Israel apartheid report” UN Secretary General demands that a report accusing Israel of “imposing an apartheid regime on Palestinians” be withdrawn by the head of the UN agency that wrote it, and the agency head resigned instead. Reply ↓ LT March 17, 2017 at 10:16 pm Re: Cottom..Inside Higher Ed Love the way she lays that out in layman’s terms. She explains the economics of credentialism in ways that any high schooler should understand and MUST understand. It’s the last article. Check it out. Reply ↓ homeroid March 17, 2017 at 11:15 pm Thanks fer the tunes Lambert. My copy is in a box in the storage loft-and it is a cassette. I got plenty Dicks picks though.;} Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments John Morrison on Links 3/22/17About something Bush had to manage in his... allan on Links 3/23/17Parents and grandparents signing student loans for their... gsinbe on Links 3/23/17Does anyone else think the $25K in student... toshiro_mifune on Links 3/23/17Children understand far more about other minds than... inhibi on Links 3/23/17Disgusting. The new normal where you own nothing,... Topics Africa (17) Australia (126) Auto industry (93) Banana republic (3,001) Banking industry (4,635) Brexit (45) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (248) China (562) Commodities (454) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,621) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,454) Dubious statistics (574) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,751) Energy markets (503) Environment (450) Europe (618) Federal Reserve (1,266) Free markets and their discontents (1,402) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (319) Globalization (1,095) Guest Post (6,425) Health care (386) Hedge funds (416) Income disparity (943) India (15) Infrastructure (77) Investment banks (744) Investment management (494) Investment outlook (849) Japan (204) Legal (1,874) Links (3,031) Macroeconomic policy (971) Market inefficiencies (228) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (140) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (286) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (31) Politics (4,997) Private equity (508) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,521) Regulations and regulators (3,566) Ridiculously obvious scams (435) Risk and risk management (717) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,009) Social values (1,782) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (119) Taxes (382) Technology and innovation (447) The destruction of the middle class (1,328) The dismal science (1,456) TPP (83) UK (113) Water Cooler (637) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter Home About Contact Jobs Board Community Calendar Ad Rates OCB DARTS Dining Arts and Entertainment DONS Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter  Printer-friendly version of this article Home Business JCPenney to close four stores in California, one in Orange March 18th, 2017 shelley Business 0 comments JCPenney to close four stores in California. Only one of those is in Orange County — the location at the The Village at Orange in the City of Orange. After earlier announcing that the company planned to close under-performing stores nationwide, JCPenney just released its list of exactly which locations it would close. Among those to be shuttered were four stores in California, one in the City of Orange. The four California stores: Mall/Shopping Center City Downtown Bishop Bishop Sunwest Plaza Lodi The Village at Orange Orange Hilltop Mall Richmond JCPenney is a major anchor for The Village at Orange, along with Sears and Walmart. Other large retailers include Ross Dress For Less, HomeGoods, Ulta, Sprouts, and Cost Plus World Market. Statement from company The company released the following statement along with the list: As part of a continuing effort to advance sustainable growth and long-term profitability, J. C. Penney Company, Inc. will be closing 138 stores, one supply chain facility in Lakeland, Fla., and relocating one supply chain facility in Buena Park, Calif., to align the Company’s physical store footprint and omnichannel network. Approximately 5,000 positions nationwide will be impacted by the store closures, most of which will occur in June. JCPenney is in the process of identifying relocation opportunities within the Company for esteemed leaders. Additionally, JCPenney will provide outplacement support services for those eligible associates who will be leaving the Company. Most affected stores will begin the liquidation process on April 17. Tags business California JCPenney Orange County CA Southern California The Village at Orange Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Next article Cerritos Center for the Performing Arts Presents Dance to the Movies Previous article Janet Nguyen appointed to committees on improving opportunities for Asian Pacific Islanders, women in the workplace shelley Shelley Henderson is a reformed computer and networking geek turned freelance writer. Now she only fixes her own networks and computers. That leaves time for writing, and writing and more writing. And editing the Orange County Breeze. Shelley most enjoys visiting and finding out about local businesses to write business profiles that allow our communities to learn more about their local businesses and the people who own and run them. If you own or manage a business in our coverage area and would like to invite Shelley to write a business profile, let us know. Related Posts Business March 21st, 2017 Gary Hopkins of Fisher House to address April Los Al Chamber Breakfast Business March 18th, 2017 Long Beach Airport to host SpaceX Dragon on trip back to Houston Business March 17th, 2017 Job fair seeks to help employers fill openings in Orange County Leave a Reply Cancel reply (Click above for more information.) OC Breeze by emailReceive a summary of the latest news in your email inbox first thing every morning. Name Last Name Email (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) Polls How do you follow important city news? Read the local printed weekly paper Read the regional printed paper Online local news site (Orange County Breeze) Online local news site (News Enterprise) Online regional news site (Orange County Register) Facebook Twitter Nextdoor Word of mouth Online local news site (Los Al News/Let's Fix Los Al) Local access (cable) TV Other View Results  Loading ... More to read every day March 2017 S M T W T F S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Breaking Spotlight Editorial Life Events Back to top (Click above for more information.) © Orange County Breeze 2016. All rights reserved. Produced by Orange County Breeze Newspaper LLC.
Change Country United States United Kingdom Germany Featured Sections Video Fashion Beauty Living Health Entertainment Tech News Follow Us Video The Skinny Style Out There Shatterbox Anthology Try Living With Lucie Womanhood 60 Seconds To Fit All R29 Series Fashion Styling Tips Designers Street Style Trends Celebs & Influencers College Shopping Boutiques Beauty How To Videos Hair Nails Makeup Skin Care Fragrance Celebs & Influencers Beauty Prep School Living Travel Home Food & Drinks Work & Money Weddings Health Trends Diet & Nutrition Fitness Sex Spirit Entertainment News TV Movies Books & Art Music Pop Culture Red Carpet Tech News Vote Your Values Election 2016 Culture People U.S. News World News Follow refinery29 Refinery29 uk de Now Reading ModCloth Confirms Walmart Sale ModCloth Confirms Walmart Sale & Faces Customer Concerns Christopher Luu Photo: ModCloth/Shutterstock/REX. Last week, ModCloth announced a major change. For the last 15 years, ModCloth has worked as an independent company, growing from a dorm room to a huge fashion label that has three offices and hundreds of employees. But that's about to change. News came that ModCloth would join Jet.com and the Walmart family of companies. Fans of the brand, which was one of the first to proclaim Photoshop-free campaigns and truly offer up a full size range, took the announcement with mixed feelings. "I am excited to announce that we are joining the Jet.com and Walmart family. This will give us the necessary resources and support that we need as a business to grow. Growth allows us to reach more women, grow our community, and amplify our message," ModCloth cofounder Susan Gregg Koger wrote on the brand's blog. "Our mission to help our customers feel like the best version of themselves continues. And our commitment to inclusivity continues. Our amazing team continues. And we can open more stores — in your hometown! I hope you will continue to join us as well on this next phase of our journey together." Advertisement Koger's blog post met with both messages of support and a fair share of criticism. While many women were glad to hear that the brand would be expanding its brick-and-mortar presence (ModCloth currently has a single permanent store in Austin, TX, and has had pop-up shops, too.), others questioned the company's alignment with Walmart, a company that seems to stand in stark contrast to ModCloth. "Walmart hurts local communities, has a terrible track record for human rights violation in its supply chain, actively restricts the right to unionize, stands against the rights of women, and refuses to provide basic healthcare for its employees," one commenter wrote. "As such, I will no longer be a customer of ModCloth." "Walmart doesn’t respect their workers or respect women. You’ve sold out to one of the worst companies in the world. They don’t pay a living wage, a huge percentage of their workers are on food stamps, and they hold holiday food drives so their employees can feed their families at Thanksgiving and Christmas. They’ve been sued for gender discrimination. They refuse to stop using sweatshops in other countries," another added. "This is a major disappointment. I’m done shopping with you." Not all of the comments were negative, however. Several customers expressed excitement over the news. "I am thrilled that we will be able to purchase her products locally- BRAVO and thank you!" wrote one. "Wal-Mart obviously understands how to grow a business and has a far reaching market. I am sure you made the right choice and I have confidence that you will still uphold your views and values within this new venture," wrote another. Advertisement Koger's blog post promises that the next chapter of ModCloth would continue her mission of complete inclusivity. She adds that the only constant in business is change — and that sometimes, change can come with strong feelings. She adds that the new partnership would allow ModCloth to reach even more women, not only by offering up more clothes to more people, but by amplifying its message of positivity and community. ModCloth and Koger haven't responded to criticism citing Walmart's history and controversy with supply chains and discrimination or offered up any additional details on how the new developments would affect ModCloth's day-to-day operations. Fashion • News • Sales • Shopping • What To Buy Now Photo: ModCloth/Shutterstock/REX. Shop your inbox! By using our service, you agree to our Terms and Privacy PolicySign Upyay! get ready for the good stuff! More from Shopping A Dozen Plus-Size Prom Dresses Made For A Night To Remember Fashion Ray Lowe 14 hours ago This Blogger Summed Up The Problem With Swimsuit Sizing In One Instagram Fashion Ana Colon 16 hours ago This Is A Gamechanger If Your Bag Always Turns Into A Black Hole Fashion Alyssa Coscarelli 20 hours ago You Can Now Get Trump-Inspired "Nasty Woman" Bags Shopping Suzannah Weiss Oct 21, 2016 5 Necklace Trends That'll Be Everywhere This Year Shopping Alyssa Coscarelli Mar 22, 2017 15 Jumpsuits Perfect For Wearing Anywhere & Everywhere Shopping Ray Lowe Mar 21, 2017 20+ Fresh Brands To Add To Your Closet This Year Shopping Alyssa Coscarelli Mar 21, 2017 Wearing These Colors Will Get You Noticed Paid Content Alison Ives Mar 9, 2017 This Is Basically Your Last Chance To Shop American Apparel, Ever Fashion Ray Lowe Mar 21, 2017 15 Fresh Essentials That'll Put A Spring In Your (Workout) Step Fashion Alyssa Coscarelli Mar 21, 2017 This Suitcase Has A 3,000-Person Wait List The Sell Out Alyssa Coscarelli Mar 21, 2017 Amazon Can Now Function As Your Stylist, Should You Need One Fashion Ana Colon Mar 21, 2017 Win A Shopping Spree You Can Feel Good About Shopping Refinery29 Mar 21, 2017 Proof That You Can Do Festival Fashion Without The Fringe Fashion Ana Colon Mar 21, 2017 © 2016 Refinery29 Terms Privacy About Press Advertising Jobs Feedback R29 News Site Map RSS By using our service, you agree to our Terms (effective 2/07/2017) and Privacy (effective 2/07/2017). REFINERY29 name & logo and R29 logo are trademarks of Refinery 29 Inc.
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Money Last Modified: Mon, Mar 20 2017. 08 11 AM IST Developing countries ahead in online retail The under-developed physical retail infrastructure in emerging markets is proving to be an advantage for e-commerce Subscribe to our newsletter. R. Sreeram E-commerce penetration in several emerging markets has already exceeded developed countries. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint The rapid adoption of online retail and digital payments is making developing markets internet trendsetters, says AllianceBernstein LP, a global asset management firm, in a blog. E-commerce penetration in several emerging markets has already exceeded developed countries and the rapid adoption of online retail is making more developed market firms pay closer attention to innovations in emerging markets, say Laurent Saltiel and Naveen Jayasundaram in the blog. Click here for enlarge The under-developed physical retail infrastructure in emerging markets is proving to be an advantage for e-commerce. The authors cite India as an example where a large part of the retail sector is still unorganized and how it is helping e-commerce firms drive online retail usage. “Offline retailers never established the kind of footprint and consumer behaviour that Wal-Mart Stores or Carrefour have in their respective home markets. As a result, online retail penetration in India is already ahead of Italy and will soon exceed that of Singapore, a country with one of the highest per capita incomes in the world,” Saltiel and Jayasundaram note. Emerging markets such as China are also leading in online payments. While the changing landscape provides investment opportunities, the authors warn these high-growth markets are fraught with risks citing the story of local online retailer Flipkart. “Flipkart was founded in 2007, six years before Amazon.com entered the market. Amazon.com had learned its lessons from missteps in China, and made a much more aggressive launch in India by investing $5 billion over three years, building a strong local team and providing same-day delivery to 100 Indian cities. Flipkart’s efforts to fend off the threat faltered, and the company has lost market share, while its valuation plummeted,” the authors add. R. Sreeram Topics: e-commerce online retail emerging markets India China More From Livemint READ MORE Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying First Published: Mon, Mar 20 2017. 08 04 AM IST Editor's Picks How the London attack unfolded at the heart of UK government Radhakishan Damani quiet as ever after stellar D-Mart listing Snapdeal in talks with Flipkart, Paytm for a potential sale Latest News Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying Kerala government faces backlash over commuting prison sentence Bengaluru to Kakkathuruthu: Island of crows India’s current account deficit widens to $7.9 billion in Oct-Dec quarter: RBI Mint On Sunday Rape laws: A call for change Where now are the bindis of yesteryear? Muhammad bin Tughlaq: The Sultan of Swing A Bengali in Assam The creativity of the productive and the insane TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article The Future of Virtual Reality: 5 Things to Know VR has been getting a lot of attention recently Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 6 Strategies for Paying Off Mortgage Loans Early Paying off sooner saves you money in the long run My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Albertsons held preliminary merger talks with Sprouts -Bloomberg March 19, 2017, 08:48:00 PM EDT By Reuters Reuters UPDATE 2-Albertsons held preliminary merger talks with Sprouts -Bloomberg 
(Adds grocery industry background in graphs 5-8)
    By Lawrence Delevingne and Lauren HirschNEW YORK, March 19 (Reuters) - Grocery business Albertsons
Cos held preliminary talks to merge with Sprouts Farmers Market
Inc <SFM.O>, Bloomberg reported on Sunday, citing people
familiar with the situation.
    Bloomberg said the early stage discussions took place in
recent weeks and involved a plan to take Sprouts private. Doing
so would add the natural and organic foods-focused business to
the Albertsons suite of supermarket brands, which includes
Safeway, Vons and Shaw's.
    Albertsons is backed by private equity firm Cerberus Capital
Management. Representatives for Albertsons and Sprouts did not
immediately respond to requests for comment, while a spokeswoman
for Cerberus declined to comment.
    Shares of Sprouts spiked to a four-month high on Thursday
and Friday amid a surge in stock options trading. [nL2N1GU1SG]

    SUPERMARKET CONSOLIDATION
    An acquisition of Sprouts would underscore the consolidation
sweeping the U.S. grocery industry, as regional chains struggle
to compete against online retailers such as Amazon.com Inc
<AMZN.O>, big box stores such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>,
and discount chains such as ALDI Inc. [nL1N1DU2E5]
    Albertsons is one of the two most active industry acquirers
along with The Kroger Co. <KR.N>. A planned initial public
offering for Albertsons' has been delayed since October 2015. At
the same time, Krogers stock is up more than 140 percent over
the last five years despite falling 23 percent over the previous
12 months.
    Sprouts is among the niche retailers such as Fresh Market
Inc and Whole Foods Market Inc <WFM.O> facing pressure from
Albertsons and Kroger, who now sell some of the same specialty
and organic products at lower prices.
    Fresh Market was acquired by another private equity firm,
Apollo Global Management LLC <APO.N>, for about $1.36 billion in
cash in 2016.

 (Reporting by Lawrence Delevingne and Lauren Hirsch; Editing by
Peter Cooney and Alistair Bell)
 ((Lawrence.Delevingne@thomsonreuters.com; +1 646-223-5362;
Reuters Messaging: lawrence.delevingne.reuters.com@reuters.net))

Keywords: ALBERTSONS COS SPROUTS/ (UPDATE 2)
 This article appears in: Stocks , Stocks , Technology , World Markets , Stocks Referenced Symbols: AMZN , APO , KR , SFM , WFM More from Reuters Subscribe Wal-Mart's Vudu Launches Mobile Disc-to-Digital Service Sears (SHLD) Stock Plummets 12% After SEC Filing Clouds Future Housing Gets Pricey, Trumpland Gets Dicey Related stocks Articles Subscribe Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (GSBC) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 24, 2017 3/23/2017 09:00 AM GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. (GCAP) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 24, 2017 3/23/2017 09:00 AM Mercer International Inc. (MERC) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for March 24, 2017 3/23/2017 09:00 AM See headlines for AMZN Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated Apple Updates IPad; Introduces IPhone 7 & IPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Altice NV : Altice acquires Teads, the No. 1 online video advertising Albertsons held preliminary merger talks with Sprouts -Bloomberg Amgen: Low LDL Levels With Repatha Did Not Affect Cognitive Function Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Is Sinking Despite Study Results Ominto, Inc. (Nasdaq: OMNT) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Closing... EXCLUSIVE-Tillerson plans to skip NATO meeting, visit Russia in April... How Nike (NKE), Under Armour (UA), Adidas Are Battling In NCAA... What Happened in the Stock Market Today Cintas Says All Regulatory Consents For G&K Services Acquisition... View All Highest Rated Stocks Referenced AMZN 84% Rate It APO 75% Rate It KR 82% Rate It SFM 80% Rate It WFM 79% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Lawyer explains why teacher is smiling in mugshot Brits denounce Trump Jr's comments on attack Perry blasts election of A&M's first gay SGA pres Review: RodeoHouston concert not that great Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Ex-Congressman Stockman accused of stealing $775,000 from Reward offered in Houston Galleria burglary that netted $190,000 Rape victim sues Houston Rodeo, Los Vaqueros trail ride over 2012 Univ. of Houston students to throw funeral for beloved squirrel US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Super Sunday, an only-in-New Orleans tradition, marked by Mardi First day of spring means free cones at DQ Secret service members under scrutiny for allegedly taking The cost of America's increasingly expensive military fighter Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Rockets on cusp of fitting milestone Houston HS baseball/softball primer: March 24 TSU baseball following familiar road to success What to watch: The weekend's top sports on TV Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Shaking the bushes for venture capital Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too Gulf States Toyota founder Thomas Friedkin dies Here's why Houston is a top 5 city for millennials A&E Preview Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Events & Things To Do Puzzles & Games Comics Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Overheard at the rodeo, round two Chris Young sounds great but some material not to par with his 'Wonder Woman' just gave birth to a girl Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states The best small town food festivals across Texas Conversation turns controversial at UH's record-breaking Table New York Times touts Texas' major hotel boom Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/article/It-s-not-Tour-de-France-but-cyclists-say-11013186.php Tour de Houston gives cyclists the chance to help city take root Thousands of casual, 'hard-core' riders pedal for planting of trees By L.M. Sixel Updated 8:39 pm, Sunday, March 19, 2017 Sandra Tezino is training for the Boston Marathon next month, so she ran 20 miles on Saturday. Then she matched that distance on Sunday cycling in the Tour de Houston. The ride, the second time the 49-year-old Tezino has participated in the 12th annual city-sponsored event, was a training opportunity as well as a chance to pedal through some of the more scenic neighborhoods of Houston. The 20-mile course through River Oaks and West University took about 90 minutes, she said, and she hit speeds up to 21  mph. "It's a wonderful ride," said Tezino, who waited at the finish line for her daughter to complete a 44-mile trek. Tezino was one of about 4,000 riders who participated this year in the event that raises money to plant trees in Houston parks. The bikers had a choice of three different courses: 20, 44 or 61 miles. The starts were staggered in front of City Hall beginning at 7:30 a.m., then the routes brought bikers back to City Hall to a return welcome from Houston Christian radio disc jockey "Johnny B." "Way to go, guys," he shouted, as riders crossed the finish line. Some of them took the opportunity to take their hands off handlebars to pump their fists into the air. Others rode side-by-side, holding hands. Serious fun Like many riders, Tezino was decked out in form-fitting cycling gear. Her mint green "Felt" brand bike cost $1,600. But there were plenty of leisurely riders who completed the route in fat-tire beach cruisers. Some had children strapped into seats. Among the more leisurely cyclists were four couples from Cypress. Neighbors and in their late 50s, they used to jog together, but as that became more difficult, they decided to "put wheels on it," said Lesa Azra, 58. Now they go biking once a month. Next month, they're headed to Waller County for a bluebonnet ride. The wives and two of the husbands did the 20-mile route. The other two husbands did the 44-mile trek. Azra said they like organized events like Tour de Houston because they provide protection from traffic and support to cyclists. Sag wagons traveled along the route in case riders got too tired to go on. Medics were on hand in case riders took a tumble. Rest stops were stocked with fruit, granola bars and kale chips for instant energy. And at the end of the ride, sponsors handed out sandwiches, energy bars, sodas and beer. Other riders were hoping that sponsored events like Tour de Houston will encourage more biking and, in turn, more dedicated bike trails and bike lanes. Alvin Carter, 55, said there are no biking trails where he lives in Spring. It's too dangerous to go out on the roads to ride, said Carter, who did the 20-mile trek in the Tour de Houston on a bike he bought from Walmart. It was the first time for Carter to participate in the Tour de Houston, although he has participated in other organized rides. "I'm a daredevil," said Carter. "I can take some chances." Aardvarks on wheels Many of the riders Sunday were part of a team. Some sported corporate logos of energy companies, banks and grocery stores. Others favored their local mascot. It wasn't difficult to spot the group with tight-fitting jerseys sporting neon yellow aardvarks. Initially, the 20 or so members were known as the "Aardvarks," but the group is so hard-core - members typically ride a dozen or more miles each way just to get to the starting line of cycling events - that they decided to add an "H" to the name. Now the group, whose members range in age from their 20s to their 60s, call themselves the "Haardvarks." "We go pretty fast," said Yobi Guzman, 29. He rode the 61-mile trek, he said, but if he added the 15 or so miles each way from Hobby Airport where he started, it's more like 90 miles. Not everyone was aiming to break a record. Carl Roecker came to Spandex late in life. The 72-year old wasn't a biker until about six years ago, when he had a flash of insight while waiting to pick up his girlfriend and her sister from the MS 150 in Austin, a two-day ride from Houston to Austin that raises funds for multiple sclerosis. "I've got to do that," he decided, recalling that magical moment he decided to put on some biking gear and try it out himself. Now he trains regularly and will be participating in his fourth MS 150 this spring. On Sunday, Roecker rode the 61-mile loop, a journey that took nearly four hours. "No wind and no hills," said Roecker, who timed himself at 16.3 mph. "For me, that's good." Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Lawyer explains why teacher is smiling in mugshot Brits denounce Trump Jr's comments on attack Perry blasts election of A&M's first gay SGA pres Review: RodeoHouston concert not that great The Lead Where are the original Mighty Morphin Power Rangers now? Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too Photos: Trump family rescued this abused TX dog Ex-skater uses worst choice of words for DWTS contestant 20 years ago: The Selena movie cast then & now Round II: Weird things overheard at the Rodeo Animal shelter may have to euthanize dogs Big-time rugby league coming to Houston Police: Woman tried to sell son to man sexually abusing him The insane net worth of Texas' biggest sport team owners HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS 29 escape fire at SW Houston group home Reports: 3 arrested after drug, weapons raid Fight erupts at vigil, woman injured Photos: Chase suspect flips stolen truck Houston's best places to get your crawfish fix Best places to get fast-food fish in Houston How to spot a Cajun living in Houston Memes mock South Padre spring break fight Port Aransas police make 200+ spring break arrests Teen killed on beach after falling from moving Hummer The 15 best new burgers on Houston menus Midtown and Montrose places to drink and dine Upcoming, new and iconic Heights bars & restaurants More Business News Shaking the bushes for venture capital Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too Here's why Houston is a top 5 city for millennials Stage Stores eyes bankrupt Gordmans for acquisition Saint Arnold owner: Anheuser-Busch, Karbach recruiters are... Sushi burrito restaurant coming to Houston Most Read 1 Texas teacher Sarah Fowlkes smiling in mugshot because she... 2 Rick Perry blasts election of Texas A&M's first gay SGA president 3 Britons are denouncing Donald Trump Jr.'s attack on London's... 4 Chris Young sounds great but some material not to par with his... 5 Aftermath of South Padre spring break fight caught on video... 6 Lockhart teacher Sarah Fowlkes arrested for alleged improper... 7 Nancy Kerrigan Told to ‘Break a Leg’ on ‘DWTS’ by... 8 Saint Arnold owner: Anheuser-Busch, Karbach recruiters are... 9 Rape victim sues Houston Rodeo, Los Vaqueros trail ride over... 10 Houston group bringing a rugby franchise, stadium to the city Latest Videos Small Business How to Fully Uninstall Microsoft Office How to Start a Quick Lube How to Respond to an Employee Complaint Letter What Documents Do I Need to Start a New Business? How to Rotate Text on Photoshop CS2 View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Sections News Trump Weather Archives Obituaries Business Stocks Education Data Center NEPA 911 Health-Science Local History Gas Drilling Courts State Sports High School Penn State RailRiders Penguins Gameface Golf Motorsports Wildlife Varsity570 Lifestyles Curtain Call Student Artists Calendar Life events Food and wine 10 things Mothers Home and Garden On The Record Crossword Times Traveler My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons Downvalley Midvalley Upvalley N. Pocono Wayne Wyoming Susquehanna Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Submit Letter Cole Cartoon Blog Blogs Chris Kelly Blog John Cole Cartoons High School Sports Penn State RailRiders Photo Blog Local History The Borys Blog WildLife Blog Contact Print Subscription Print Advertising NIE Press Pass Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Smart Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital SMART Edition of The Times-Tribune on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at thetimes-tribune.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Lifestyles • Obituaries • Opinion • Contact • Classifieds • Marketplace • Smart Spirit of cooperation in Wayne County Register to win WBS Penguins Tickets! Play the 2017 College Basketball Bracket Challenge Curtain Call Play in the Weekly Auto Racing Challenge! Press Pass Become a VIP Subscriber! Click for businesses offering discounts to Press Pass Subscribers. (read more) POLL Have you ever considered downsizing to a smaller home? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. Education Databases Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and teacher profiles (read more) Tweets from @timestribune/times-tribune-newsroom Most Read Recent Comments Longtime radio host Steve Corbett no longer at WILK Tunkhannock Area grad caring for Internet giraffe star, April Police: Carbondale man groped girl, 16 Mystery debris from iconic bridge shatters back window, startles couple Lackawanna County Court Notes 3/23/2017 Wolf invokes school closing law Party on the Patio lineup announced for Mohegan Sun Pocono High School Sports Blog Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community: Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email. Education Databases: Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and te Outlook 2017 Mother's Day Sections Local Flavor Cookbook Auto Source - Updated Monthly! Medical Guide 2016 Readers' Choice 2016 Community Guide 2016 Women Today Patrice Wilding / Published: March 12, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Teeters Furniture store in Hawley. Jason Farmer / Staff Photographer Image Gallery for SPIRIT OF cooperation Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link Lightbox link In the northeast-most corner of the state, two Wayne County downtowns shine as examples of the prosperity that blossoms when businesses band together for the mutual benefit of all. Honesdale — the county seat that has a population of 4,480, according to the U.S. Census Bureau’s 2010 figures — and Hawley — which has about 1,211 residents, the same study says — both boast main streets packed with a vibrant mix of retailers and vendors offering goods, services and a healthy dose of local history. In each town, shop owners, tenants and individuals form cooperative partnerships to support each other’s businesses. In Honesdale, the Merchants on Main initiative celebrates the variety of buildings, attractions and shopping mostly found in the loop encircling Main and Church streets (upward of a 37-block area with more than 140 businesses). A map of points of interest, which also lists dozens of places organized by shopping, lodging, services, worship and dining/food, is in its second edition. Paul Ludick, an Ohio native who came to Honesdale by way of New York City, where he worked in interior design and construction, bought the buildings that frame Maude Alley off Main. There, visitors can find several niche businesses, including Vietnamese restaurant Bá and Me, Alley Whey Cheese Shoppe (home to much-raved-about grilled cheese sandwiches) and Mount Pleasant Herbary with its homemade botanical products. The internet makes Honesdale accessible to people half a world away, Ludick said, giving local artisans another avenue to profits. Recently, his store shipped to Germany, England and Taiwan. “It’s all visual,” he said. “They see photographs of the store and they value small merchants. I think that’s a universal thing.” It also keeps Honesdale viable in the evening or on Sundays, when several businesses close or offer reduced hours.   ■■■   Revamping existing structures to suit the new needs of the town honored Honesdale’s past while providing usable spaces for the present. One such place is the Cooperage Project, 1030 Main St., a property that dates back to the 1860s and was, in turns, home to barrel makers and a car dealership service center, but now functions as a performance venue, farmers market and educational and gathering space. Joy Schulatta, owner of Honesdale Greenhouse Flower Shop, 1043 Main St., credits the Stourbridge Line’s railroad excursions as well as the revamped Irving Cliff Brewery and newer Here & Now Brewing Co. with driving new tourism and establishing Honesdale as a destination. “We’re centrally located between New York (City) and Philadelphia,” said Jutta Bishop, owner of Interior Works Gallery, 1037 Main St., who also cited reasonable rates from landlords with her being able to double her sales in the last year. “And it’s one of a kind, which attracts customers. They can’t find these unique things in Wal-Mart. It’s all so individual and focused and not copycats.” This communal sense of teamwork exists in Hawley too. In 2014, numerous downtown business owners received a makeover when the borough won a national contest sponsored by paint and exterior stain company Benjamin Moore. Thanks to the “Main Street Matters” nomination and winning vote, many of Hawley’s facades got fresh coats of colorful design. “It spruced the town beautifully. It did improve the looks quite a bit,” said Beverly Beck, the 22-year owner of Trading Post/Whatknots. “We want people to drive into town and say, ‘What a cute town, I’m going to come back here to look through these antique shops, and stay at that country inn, and bring my family to vacation here,’” said Ginny Hack, project coordinator for Downtown Hawley Partnership. Her organization functions as a sort of chamber of commerce, organizing volunteers, individuals, nonprofits and businesses working to make Hawley a better place to live, work and vacation. In addition to the painting facelift, Hawley paved new sidewalks and installed new banners on its light posts along Main Avenue, plus the Streetscape Committee maintains beautiful flower planters because making a good first impression is important, Hack said. Situated close to Lake Wallenpaupack, summer tourism ensures a strong warm-weather economy for Hawley. To offset the slower winter months, the town offers annual festivals like the Hawley Harvest Hoedown in October and Winterfest in December to draw visitors year-round into the commercial business district, which is about four to five blocks big plus outlying areas. Like Honesdale, Hawley has transformed historic settings into new venues, such as the Hawley Silk Mill, which now houses the Mill Market of fresh produce and specialty items, as well as a Pilates studio, art gallery, coffee shop and a couple of gift shops. Jill Carletti serves as managing director for the Harmony Presents concert series in the mill’s repurposed boiler room, which averages crowds of about 50 to 90 people at the dozens of shows held annually. “We didn’t really know that it would work, but we thought it would be an important and worthwhile thing to try,” Carletti said of the project, which launched five years ago. Hawley is a really quaint, sweet place, and now look at all the cool stuff there is to do. Community pride has increased through the beautification efforts, and the cultural exposure helps us open our eyes to different ways of being.” Contact the writer: pwilding@timesshamrock.com, @pwildingTT on Twitter For more information on Honesdale www.honesdalemom.comwww.visithonesdalepa.com     For more information on Hawley www.visithawleypa.com www.hawleysilkmill.com We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 1-800-228-4637 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Scranton Times-Tribune PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND SCRANTON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps days left to vote Let your voice be heard. Vote now for your favorite bars, restaurants, and more in Hoopla's 2017 Top Shelf Awards. Vote Here Now Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Zach Bohannon fulfills promise to brother Jordan Plans unveiled for new Riverside Roundhouse in Cedar Rapids Still no college decision for Iowa City West’s Devontae Lane Iowa Senate rejects traffic camera ban Iowa Senate toughens anti-texting law Thursday Morning Read: No traffic camera ban, still a ‘Survivor,’ Roundhouse return? Firefighters save cat from burning Cedar Rapids home Still no college decision for Iowa City West’s Devontae Lane Iowa Senate rejects traffic camera ban Iowa Politics Today: Stricter penalties for failing to return rented equipment? Don't trust the list prices on Amazon, Consumer Watchdog says Video Photo FILE PHOTO - The logo of Amazon is seen at the company logistics center in Lauwin-Planque, northern France on February 20, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol/File Photo By By David Pierson, Los Angeles Times Mar 20, 2017 at 8:20 pm | Print View After a barrage of lawsuits directed at the online shopping industry, it appeared Amazon Inc. was starting to phase out list pricing, a controversial practice accused of deceptively inflating how much consumers save through the e-commerce giant. But a study commissioned by Consumer Watchdog finds that the pricing system remains rampant, affecting more than a quarter of the 4,000 products examined by the advocacy group on Amazon.com. List prices are a familiar sight to most online shoppers: crossed-out price tags displayed with the current, cheaper cost. The larger the difference between the two, the more likely consumers will be drawn to buying the item. The problem is that few know how Amazon determines the list price, which could be arbitrarily inflated to create what appears to be a steeper discount. The company, which did not immediately respond to a request for comment, says on its website that “‘List Price’ means the suggested retail price of a product as provided by a manufacturer, supplier or seller.” Critics, however, say this is misleading and doesn’t reflect a reasonable estimate of how much products really cost on the open market. In its study, Consumer Watchdog said it found at least half the list prices examined were greater than the prevailing market price. “There’s no real transparency about what the heck they’re doing,” said John M. Simpson, privacy project director for Consumer Watchdog, which filed a petition Monday calling on California Attorney General Xavier Becerra to investigate Amazon. “At a minimum, there needs to be some clear understanding about how they’re coming up with these purported list prices.” The practice has garnered widespread attention in recent years after a number of lawsuits. In 2014, Amazon rival Overstock was fined $6.8 million by a California judge for misstating its sale prices. That same year, a still-pending class action suit was launched in California against Amazon over its list prices. More recently, Amazon was fined about $750,000 in January by Canada’s Competition Bureau for misleading savings claims. Amazon also agreed to change its pricing practice in Canada. Brick and mortar stores have also been accused of misleading pricing practices. In December, the Los Angeles City Attorney’s office sued J.C. Penney, Sears, Kohl’s and Macy’s for falsely advertising lofty discounts. “Unfortunately, this sales tactic or fictitious pricing actually works and retailers know that,” said Bonnie Patten, executive director of Truth in Advertising, a consumer advocacy group unaffiliated with the Consumer Watchdog study. “It’s not just Amazon.” All retailers are required under federal law to display reference prices that reflect how much an item is generally sold for. This can be determined a number of ways, including looking at the average prices for any particular item, the median price or even the most commonly used price in order to build a comparison. Not knowing precisely how Amazon comes up with its numbers, Consumer Watchdog compared the 4,000 products in its study to competitors’ prices to determine if they reflect the average, median or most common prices on the market. What it found was that none of these measures was likely a determining factor. It couldn’t have been average because 71 percent of the products picked for the study had more expensive list prices than competitors’ sale prices. It couldn’t have been median either after the group found 74 percent of the items were listed at a greater cost than the median prices offered by competitors. Lastly, it was unlikely Amazon used the most common prices since more than half the products in the study were listed at a higher cost compared with competitors. Amazon’s list prices “were an entirely bogus notional price that created the false impression that customers were getting a deal when they were not,” Simpson wrote in his petition to the state attorney general. In its study, Consumer Watchdog provided several examples of what they believed were misleadingly priced products. Among them, a Chicago Pneumatic brand power drill going for $182.99, an apparent steep discount from its list price of $305. However, the same tool could be found for the same price at Jet.com. Wal-Mart and Zoro.com, a building supply site, sold the drill for $189.99. In another example, Amazon was selling an Acer 12-inch laptop with a crossed-out list price of $799. Acer, however, sells the same device on its website for $749.99. Your next Nation & World articles Gorsuch hearings Day 3: Supreme Court pi ... Starbucks to launch its new lunch menu At least four dead in possible 'terroris ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Lifestyle ‘Sexist’ waitress ad causes a stir Boy accidentally hanged with his own hoodie The Aussie behind Ivanka’s style Teen staged her kidnapping and sexual assault ‘I never pressed charges, I was just too scared’ Toddler gets stuck in claw machine Daughter’s date night note surprises parents ‘Send me a photo of you naked’ real life news life A coroner will hold an inquest into the death of toddler Noah Zunde March 21, 201711:40am Video Image Baby dies after being left in hot car in Kyneton1:28 Victoria Police are investigating the death of a 22-month-old boy who was left unattended in a hot car outside in Kyneton. Courtesy: Seven News February 19th 2015 2 years ago Noah Zunde was left in the family car. Picture: Channel 7 Olivia Lambertnews.com.au@LivLambert  Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend IT started like any normal day for busy mother Romy Zunde. She dropped her 22-month-old son Noah at child care before returning home. As the afternoon rolled around, it was time to return to the child care centre in Kyneton, about an hour from Melbourne, to pick Noah up. But when she arrived he wasn’t there. He had never been dropped off. In a panic, the mother ran back to her car and ripped open the back door, only to find Noah still in the car seat. He had been strapped in the back of the Toyota Hilux all day in 31C heat and was no longer breathing. On Wednesday, an inquest into the toddler’s death, which occurred in February 2015, will look at the possible physiological reasons behind someone inadvertently leaving a child in a car. Noah had been in the car for seven hours when Romy realised her terrible mistake. The inquest at the Victorian Coroner’s Court will look at opportunities to prevent similar tragedies from occurring. At least five children have died in Victoria after being left in motor vehicles in the past decade, according to coronial records. Monash University associate professor in psychology, Matthew Mundy, will be the only witness called to give evidence on Wednesday. He has provided the coroner with two expert reports about the potential role that physiology and cognitive neuroscience of the human memory system may have played in the lead-up to children being unintentionally left in cars. Dr Mundy said evidence suggests Noah’s mother was severely sleep-deprived and affected by other factors, which contributed to a memory failure sometimes referred to as “forgotten baby syndrome”. Noah’s mother was confused when her son wasn’t at the child care centre when she went to pick him up. A child care worker later said: “I am 100 per cent (sure) she believed she had dropped him off that morning.” Dr Mundy said the belief she had dropped off her son appears to be a case of false memory whereby an older long-term memory of a previous daycare drop-off had “filled in the blank”. Noah Zunde died in a car in Kyneton.Source:Supplied In a heartbreaking tribute to Noah, his father Andrew Krespanis told parents to hug their children and “never let them go”. “We lost our beautiful son today,” he posted on Twitter after the tragic death. “I love him more every day. Forever. I’ll always know I cherished every day. Every laugh, every adventure, every cuddle. Miss you Noey X,” The Herald Sun reported at the time Noah’s mother was too devastated to talk to police for several days. “As you can imagine the family of this young boy are devastated by what has occurred so it’s been difficult for us to try and piece together exactly what has occurred, but that’s something that will be the focus of our major ongoing investigation,” Homicide Squad Detective Senior Sergeant Shane O’Connell said. “The mother was present when the young boy was located and she’s absolutely devastated by what has occurred. It’s a very tragic set of circumstances.” Before Noah’s death his parents moved to a farm in Kyneton to raise the toddler and their other primary school-aged child. Noah Zunde may have died as a result of ‘forgotten baby syndrome’. Picture: Seven NewsSource:Channel 7 On the morning of February 19, 2015, Ms Zunde dropped her older child off at school and thought she then dropped Noah off at daycare. In a statement to police, Ms Zunde said the centre was very close to the family home. “A left turn directly opposite the right turn to our house. I can only assume I automatically made a right turn instead of a left,” she said. She also believes Noah must have fallen asleep in the car, meaning he was quiet in the back seat. “He was probably asleep in the car which is something he hardly ever did,” she said. Forgotten baby syndrome is commonly caused by busy schedules and exhaustion. The Bendigo Advertiser reports the night before Noah died, he had teething issues and slept in Ms Zunde’s bed and she was also recovering from a bad case of gastro. During the morning drop-off, she was also stressed as she had to run down to Kyneton train station to give her partner, Mr Krespanis, a Myki card, which made her fret her daughter would be late for school. Forgotten baby syndrome happens across all types of socio-economic backgrounds and affects both mothers and fathers all over the world. In Iowa, in the United States, Kari Engholm, a hospital CEO, was described as a “loving mother” by her husband despite accidentally leaving her seven-month old daughter in a mini-van to attend meetings. Enelgholm left her daughter Clare in the van while temperatures reached over 32 degrees; she had forgotten to drop her off at the babysitter. A county medical examiner in Iowa ruled the death accidental, and authorities are still deciding whether to file charges, ABC News reports. Last year six-month-old Dillon Martinez died after he was left in a hot car for nearly nine hours in a Texas Wal-Mart car park. The baby’s father told authorities he had forgotten to take his son to daycare, reported NBC News. In February, one-year-old Samual Schnall died after he was left inside a Toyota Camry for an hour in temperatures reaching more than 27 degrees in the affluent suburb of Pinecrest, Florida. A family member, who wasn’t identified, left the child in the car after arriving home from a day of activities. “This is a horrific situation for the family members involved, for the parents of this child, as well as the police department and the officers who found the child,” Miami-Dade Police Detective Jennifer Capote at the time. — with AAP Jump back to top Right now in lifestyle 224Readers Boy, 4, accidentally hanged himself on change room clothing ... 146Readers Date night present from daughter took these parents by surpr... 127Readers Breana Harmon Talbott: Texas woman staged own kidnapping and... 163Readers Australian sex workers have a message for women in relations... 48Readers Domestic violence cuts in Australia will have ‘devastating c... A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives IBM launches enterprise-ready blockchain service   By:   agencies 21-Mar-17 169 Top News Zardari expresses outrage over NAB case against him 23-Mar-17 579 KARACHI: Former president Asif ... President, PM urge nation to work for unity on Pakistan Day 23-Mar-17 471 ISLAMABAD: President Mamnoon H ... NEW YORK: International Business Machines Corp has launched a service that will allow businesses to build applications on its cloud using blockchain code from the Hyperledger Project, the cross-industry group led by the Linux Foundation. The US technology company said on Monday its new product called IBM Blockchain was the first service for developers to build enterprise-grade technology using Hyperledger Fabric, the first code set to be released by the open source group. The Fabric blockchain can process more than 1,000 transactions per second and has the necessary features to be used by large enterprises to build their applications, IBM said. It added it was working with technology company SecureKey Technologies and a group of Canadian banks to build a digital identity network using its new blockchain services. The network, set for launch later this year, is aimed at making it easier for consumers to prove their identities when accessing services such as new bank accounts, driver's licenses or utilities. Banks involved include Bank of Montreal, Royal Bank of Canada, Bank of Nova Scotia, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and Toronto-Dominion Bank. Blockchain, which emerged as the system running cryptocurrency bitcoin, is a digital shared record of transactions that is maintained by a network of computers on the internet, without the need of a centralized authority. Big businesses, including many of the world's largest banks, have been increasing their investment in the technology in hopes it can help them reduce the complexity and costs of some of their most burdensome processes, such as the settlement of securities or international payments. Technology companies and professional services firms have also been ramping up their investment in blockchain, as they race to capture the nascent market. IBM has been one of the most aggressive large technology companies on blockchain and has several large clients developing applications with the technology, including Northern Trust Corp, Wal-Mart Stores Inc and the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation. IBM said it had also tested a blockchain-based asset management platform for carbon assets with Chinese company Energy-Blockchain Labs. The companies aim to release the platform, built using the new IBM Blockchain, later this year. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus COPY CODE SNIPPET sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Contact us Privacy Policy TERMS AND CONDITIONS © 2016 Dailytimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero HuffPost RYOT Good News VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Newsletters Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost BLACK VOICES 03/20/2017 05:35 pm ET Poor, Minority Neighborhoods Have More Tobacco-Selling Shops Per Capita As neighborhood income fell, density of tobacco shops rose. Carolyn Crist Shutterstock / manzrussali 760 (Reuters Health) - Neighborhoods with a high proportion of black residents or high poverty tend to have the greatest density of stores selling cigarettes and tobacco products, U.S. researchers say.  Poverty explained some of the association, but an urban planning concept, neighborhood “stability” - including the proportion of homes that are rented versus owned - accounted for most of the link, the study team reports in Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health. “The neighborhood you live in shouldn’t determine how much cancer-causing product is present in your day-to-day life,” said lead study author Joseph Lee of East Carolina University in Greenville, North Carolina. “The tobacco industry spends a large portion of its advertising budget at retailers, so when we see differences by neighborhood, that’s a big investment by the tobacco industry,” he told Reuters Health. There are about 375,000 stores in the U.S. that sell tobacco products, Lee’s team writes. In 2014, U.S. stores contained an average of 30 tobacco ads, they add. Cigarette smoking causes about 480,000 deaths each year in the U.S., which is about one of every five deaths, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Previous studies looking at the density of tobacco stores have mostly focused on small geographic areas, so it’s difficult to tell if the patterns are widespread the authors write. They calculated the density of 90,400 tobacco outlets in 97 counties across the nation to get a broader picture. These 97 counties contain 79 million people, or about a quarter of the population, the authors note. Across all counties, the average density of tobacco shops was 1.3 per 1,000 people. But as neighborhood income fell, density of tobacco shops rose. It also rose as the proportion of the neighborhood’s residents who were African American increased. In addition, a high proportion of vacant housing units or a high proportion of rental units were tied to sharp rises in the density of stores selling tobacco. Neighborhoods with a high proportion of Hispanic, white or Asian/Pacific Islander residents did not display changes in tobacco store density relative to race or ethnicity.  “Environmental factors, including the location and density of tobacco retailers, have an influence on behaviors,” said Joanna Cohen, director of the Institute for Global Tobacco Control at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore, who wasn’t involved in the study. “The more accessible a product is, the more likely consumers are to purchase it,” she told Reuters Health by email. “This further contributes to the high toll of tobacco on racial and socioeconomic health disparities.” Plus, Lee said, in neighborhoods with more tobacco outlets, stores are more likely to run price discounts and promotions, which boosts the advertising exposure and often prompts smokers who are thinking about quitting to buy another pack. “Each time kids go to the store for a snack, to pay for gas, or to pick up bread and milk, they’re getting a dose of advertising,” Lee added. “Any gas station has a wall of tobacco products behind the register, and that makes them present, visible and normalized.” One limitation of the study is that it doesn’t differentiate between types and sizes of stores, such as gas stations, grocery stores, pharmacy chains, alcohol stores, convenience stores, newsstands and the discount department store Walmart, which could affect density, the authors write. In recent years, policy changes have aimed to prevent the sale of menthol and flavored cigarettes near schools in Chicago, San Francisco and Baltimore. Other policies have suggested removing cigarettes from pharmacies and selling little cigars and cigarillos in bundles rather than singles to increase cost, said Phillip Gardiner of the University of California in Oakland, who wasn’t involved in the current study. “Smokers - especially young kids - are price sensitive,” he said. “We know that as price goes up, consumption goes down.” “When used as advertised, smoking kills,” Gardiner said. “The tobacco industry is promoting it, and that’s not right.” ALSO ON HUFFPOST "Black Lives Matter" March "Black Lives Matter" March 1 of 28 Protesters gather in Freedom Plaza before a march to the U.S. Capitol building in Washington, DC on Saturday, Dec. 13, 2014. Share this slide: jennrlyspeaking / Instagram MORE: Black Lives Matter Public Health Drug Abuse Smoking Social Drugs CONVERSATIONS Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW BLACK VOICES Stay plugged in with the stories on black life and culture that matter. Learn more Newsletter 1.12 M 332 K 474 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Poor, Minority Neighborhoods Have More Tobacco-Selling Shops Per Capita 760 NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost MultiCultural/HPMG News
Week goes by, still no sign of missing TN teen - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Tucson Rodeo My Tucson Home Flight tracker Arizona Politics Border News Business Traffic map Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education Visit our tax guide In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Great Things Happen Here Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Text and Email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball Super Bowl LI UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Business Announcements Lifestyle Speaker Request Pet Connection Pet Pals Events Discover Arizona Teacher Tributes Tucson gem show About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win a pair of tickets to the Arizona Renaissance Festival Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Week goes by, still no sign of missing TN teen 2017-03-20T16:24:30Z2017-03-21T17:04:49Z By WMCActionNews5.com Staff Email Connect desk@wmctv.com Tad Cummins (L) and Mary Catherine Elizabeth Thomas (R) (Souce: TBI) Tad Cummins (Source: TBI) Most recent image of Elizabeth Thomas (Source: TBI) MEMPHIS, TN (WMC) - A week has gone by and still, no sign of a 15-year-old girl from Columbia, Tennessee. Mary Catherine Elizabeth Thomas was last seen March 13. She is believed to be in imminent danger. Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said Thomas was kidnapped by Tad Cummins, a 50-year-old teacher. TBI issued a plea for Cummins to surrender. "Do the right thing, give her up, turn yourself in, bring her home," TBI spokesperson Josh DeVine said.  TBI issued a nationwide Amber Alert because with so few leads, investigators said Cummins and Thomas could be anywhere by now.  DeVine said the TBI is asking for all property owners to search their property. They are encouraging business owners, especially those with large parking lots, to check their parking lots and surrounding areas. "The fact of the matter is they are probably out of the view of the general public," DeVine said.  He said the efforts of the TBI have still produced no credible leads.  "If it's possible, we've thought of it and we're trying to use it and they have not proven successful at this point," DeVine said.  The TBI does not believe the two have a large amount of items with them. As a result, they could be wearing the same items of clothing. Additionally, DeVine said TBI has been working to learn what caused the kidnapping and how it has resulted in this. "Everywhere we're learning about him does nothing to calm our fears for her," DeVine said.  WMC Action News 5 Thomas' brother, James, said his family has repeatedly tried reaching out to her via text message, phone, and Facebook. So far, they've received no response. "I just want her to let us know that she's okay. If she could call somebody, just let us know that she's alive and well, the sooner we could get word that she's OK, it'll be a big sigh of relief," Thomas said. Her father Anthony described his daughter as a boisterous, athletic, and social teenager who loves her family. He said Thomas met Cummins at her school in Maury County, Tennessee, where he worked as a teacher.  “He had told her that he had been in the FBI and CIA. I tried to convince her that you don’t go from jobs like that to teaching in a rural school,” Anthony Thomas said. "We all love you very much and we miss you. The house is not the same without you here. We just don't want to go on without you." Cummins' wife also spoke out, hoping to reach her husband, to encourage him to turn himself in. "Tad this is not you. This is not who you are. We can help you get through this. No matter how far you've gone, or what's happening right now, God's grace is sufficient for you, and he wants you to come home," Jill Cummins said. "Your family wants their Papi back. Please do the right thing and turn yourself into the police and bring Beth home." TBI received more than 180 tips, but so far, there have been no credible sightings in this case. The TBI released new photos of Cummins that were captured on surveillance camera in Walmart just days prior to the kidnapping. They said they expect to be releasing the most current photo they have of Elizabeth soon. Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas are believed to be in a silver 2015 Nissan Rogue with Tennessee tag 976-ZPT. Anyone who sees the vehicle is asked to call 911 or 1-800-TBI-FIND. Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. Local newsMore>> Tucson Fire sounds alarm on smoke detectors Tucson Fire sounds alarm on smoke detectors Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:10 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:10:06 GMT The Tucson Fire Department is sounding the alarm on smoke detectors, after finding the majority of house fires they respond to do not have working smoke alarms. The Tucson Fire Department is sounding the alarm on smoke detectors, after finding the majority of house fires they respond to do not have working smoke alarms. TUCSON'S TOP 3: What you need to know to start your day TUCSON'S TOP 3: What you need to know to start your day Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:38 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:38:04 GMT We're getting your day started with top stories you may have missed, plus other headlines you need to be following today. We're getting your day started with top stories you may have missed, plus other headlines you need to be following today. BREAKING Dallas Green, MLB legend and grandfather of Jan. 8 shooting victim Christina Taylor-Green, passes away Dallas Green, MLB legend and grandfather of Jan. 8 shooting victim Christina Taylor-Green, passes away Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 2:40 AM EDT2017-03-23 06:40:08 GMT Dallas Green in 2001. (Source: Tucson News Now) Dallas Green, a former MLB pitcher and manager who was the grandfather of Jan. 8 shooting victim Christina Taylor-Green, passed away on Wednesday.  Dallas Green, a former MLB pitcher and manager who was the grandfather of Jan. 8 shooting victim Christina Taylor-Green, passed away on Wednesday.  UPDATE: Shooting suspect, victim identified; police confirm connection to previous homicide UPDATE: Shooting suspect, victim identified; police confirm connection to previous homicide Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 2:22 AM EDT2017-03-23 06:22:31 GMT (Source: Tucson News Now) For the second time in just over a month, a man is dead following an argument at a east side apartment complex and authorities said the shootings are connected. For the second time in just over a month, a man is dead following an argument at a east side apartment complex and authorities said the shootings are connected. 44 acres added to Saguaro National Park east 44 acres added to Saguaro National Park east Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 1:39 AM EDT2017-03-23 05:39:58 GMT The Trust for Public Land transferred 44 acres to Saguaro National Park (East district) located north of Vail, on Wednesday, March 22 according to a recent release.  The new acreage adds a critical water resource to SNP east.    The Trust for Public Land transferred 44 acres to Saguaro National Park (East district) located north of Vail, on Wednesday, March 22 according to a recent release.  The new acreage adds a critical water resource to SNP east.       Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> April the Giraffe Giraffe watch: Vets hope April will give birth soon Giraffe watch: Vets hope April will give birth soon Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 7:24 AM EDT2017-03-23 11:24:08 GMT Keepers say April's moody behavior is a positive sign toward imminent labor. Keepers say April's moody behavior is a positive sign toward imminent labor. Hero dog finds naked, shivering girl in ditch Hero dog finds naked, shivering girl in ditch Posted: Wednesday, March 22 2017 2:02 PM EDT2017-03-22 18:02:16 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 10:11 PM EDT2017-03-23 02:11:13 GMT A dog named Peanut went from rescue to hero after she found a naked, young girl lying in a ditch in Michigan. A dog named Peanut went from rescue to hero after she found a naked, young girl lying in a ditch in Michigan. Principal accuses 6th grader of selling sex toys at school Principal accuses 6th grader of selling sex toys at school Posted: Wednesday, March 22 2017 8:26 PM EDT2017-03-23 00:26:21 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 8:26 PM EDT2017-03-23 00:26:21 GMT Frances Habeck, a sixth-grade student, has been suspended. (Source: WTMJ/CNN) A father and her daughter said the girl was selling water-filled balloons at school but school officials say they are sex toys.  A father and her daughter said the girl was selling water-filled balloons at school but school officials say they are sex toys.  Mother, young daughter killed in separate accidents within hour Mother, young daughter killed in separate accidents within hour Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 5:31 PM EDT2017-03-22 21:31:40 GMT Julia Yates Patterson and Libby Patterson (Source: Facebook) Valley Head police confirm a mother and her young daughter were killed in separate vehicle wrecks Tuesday afternoon. Valley Head police confirm a mother and her young daughter were killed in separate vehicle wrecks Tuesday afternoon. 'No mother should have to bury her child,' community reacts to toddler's death 'No mother should have to bury her child,' community reacts to toddler's death Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 8:17 AM EDT2017-03-23 12:17:50 GMT Carolina Beach Police Officer Colby Edens hit and killed a child with his patrol vehicle at a home on Kiwi Lane in Wilmington Tuesday night just before 7. Carolina Beach Police Officer Colby Edens hit and killed a child with his patrol vehicle at a home on Kiwi Lane in Wilmington Tuesday night just before 7. IS group claims responsibility for London car, knife attack IS group claims responsibility for London car, knife attack Posted: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:07 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:07:12 GMT Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 9:07 AM EDT2017-03-23 13:07:12 GMT Investigations are continuing around Parliament, but lawmakers are expected to go ahead with plans to reconvene in a show of solidarity. Investigations are continuing around Parliament, but lawmakers are expected to go ahead with plans to reconvene in a show of solidarity. 2 AL Waffle House employees smother, cover each other in punches during fight 2 AL Waffle House employees smother, cover each other in punches during fight Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 5:24 PM EDT2017-03-22 21:24:30 GMT (Source: Barstool Auburn/Twitter) Two Waffle House employees trade blows while on the job. Video of the fight was taken inside the Opelika Road location in Auburn Sunday. Two Waffle House employees trade blows while on the job. Video of the fight was taken inside the Opelika Road location in Auburn Sunday. Social media wants justice for fired Cracker Barrel employee #justiceforbradswife Social media wants justice for fired Cracker Barrel employee #justiceforbradswife Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 12:43 AM EDT2017-03-23 04:43:20 GMT (Source: Facebook) A Cracker Barrel that fired a woman after 11 years and didn’t explain why has social media in a frenzy. It was apparently her husband’s birthday as well.  A Cracker Barrel that fired a woman after 11 years and didn’t explain why has social media in a frenzy. It was apparently her husband’s birthday as well.  10-year-old diagnosed with strep throat, dies days later from leukemia 10-year-old diagnosed with strep throat, dies days later from leukemia Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 5:36 AM EDT2017-03-22 09:36:23 GMT 10-year-old Nya was diagnosed with strep throat and days later she died from cancer(SOURCE: Submitted) In less than a week, 10-year-old Nya King's diagnosis went from strep throat to cancer. In less than a week, 10-year-old Nya King's diagnosis went from strep throat to cancer. Florida man falls off Carnival cruise ship, search ongoing Florida man falls off Carnival cruise ship, search ongoing Posted: Wednesday, March 22 2017 4:17 PM EDT2017-03-22 20:17:38 GMT Updated: Wednesday, March 22 2017 4:19 PM EDT2017-03-22 20:19:52 GMT A cruise ship passenger is missing after falling overboard near Cuba early Wednesday morning. A cruise ship passenger is missing after falling overboard near Cuba early Wednesday morning.    Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks NintendoSwitchCases GoogleMapsLocation AndroidO NetflixTips Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Internet/ Get eBay Packages in 3 Days With 'Guaranteed Delivery' Get eBay Packages in 3 Days With 'Guaranteed Delivery' By Angela Moscaritolo March 20, 2017 01:32pm EST 10 Comments At launch, the service, which aims to provide faster and more precise delivery dates, will be available for 20 million items, many of which will offer free shipping. EBay today announced a new perk that promises packages in three days or less. EBay will start rolling out Guaranteed Delivery this summer for shoppers in the US. At launch, the service will be available for 20 million items, many of which will offer free shipping. Shoppers will also soon be able to search for and filter items by one- and two-day delivery. "While the majority of items on eBay already ship within 3 days or less, as well as for free, Guaranteed Delivery will give shoppers even faster delivery options and the confidence that their items will arrive on time," eBay's Senior Vice President of North America Hal Lawton said in a statement. Related How to Sell Your Stuff on eBay How to Sell Your Stuff on eBay With Guaranteed Delivery, shoppers can rest assured that their items will arrive in no more than three days. Sellers will guarantee delivery dates, letting buyers know exactly when their order will arrive. If an item doesn't make it on time, eBay will refund the cost of shipping or give you a coupon that can be used towards your next purchase if the shipping was free. If the item arrived late and you no longer need or want it, you'll be able to return it at no cost. Sellers who are interested in participating can sign up for more information on eBay's Guaranteed Delivery page. EBay said it will prominently present guaranteed listings, giving participating sellers more exposure. The new feature comes after Walmart in January lowered its free 2-day shipping requirements and nixed its Amazon Prime-like ShippingPass service, which promised free two-day shopping on all orders for $49 a year. Walmart customers can now get free two-day shipping with a minimum purchase of $35 (instead of $50). Back to top Previous : Brits Pull Ads From YouTube Over Extremism Concerns Custom Gamerpics Coming to Xbox Live Next : By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Broadcast on Facebook Live From Your PC Before this, it was only possible to go live on Facebook from a mobile device. More » The Black OnePlus 3T Is Back, But Still Limited The 3T Midnight Black will also be 'extremely limited,' but at least you won't have to fly to Paris ... More » Google Maps Lets You Share Your Location, Trips in Real Time Google expects to start rolling out the feature worldwide to its iOS and Android Maps apps soon. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 11 Uses for Your Old Smartphone 7 Forgotten Sega Dreamcast Classics How to KonMari Your Way to a Happier Digital Life Two-Factor Authentication: Who Has It and How to Set It Up The Coolest Cases, Mounts, and Stands for Amazon Echo 23 Cool Tricks and Secret Gems Inside Facebook Messenger »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 66° F Broken Clouds Hi: 85° F Lo: 66° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 3 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Featured: Biloxi Bus Crash immigraiton Texas Legislature Latest Headlines IS group claims responsibility for London car, knife attack Updated: 1 min ago In addition to the police officer and the attacker, who was shot by police, two people died on Westminster Bridge and at least 30 others wer… Lockheed Martin moving F-16 production from Texas to South Carolina Updated: 5 mins ago Lockheed Martin Greenville spokeswoman Leslie Farmer says the last F-16 in Texas should be complete in September. EU summons Turkish delegate over Erdogan comments Updated: 48 mins ago Free Torchy’s taco in your future because Austin buys Chevrolets Updated: 44 mins ago GOP health bill on the brink hours from House showdown vote Updated: 27 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 66° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 66° F Wind: SSE 8 Humidity: 87% Dewpoint: 62° F Sunrise: 7:30 AM Sunset: 7:44 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Sports More Than The Score Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- Hidden History KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines Make Your Lawn Green and Healthy March 22, 2017 Call 512-990-2199 or go to EmeraldLawns.com for more details. Face Lifts the Natural Way March 22, 2017 Call 737-704-1964 or go to doctoroliftaustin.com for more details. Any Easy Way to Brew Your Own Beer March 21, 2017 A Quick and Easy Breakfast for Kids March 14, 2017 “Small Town Crime” comes to SXSW March 13, 2017 Search for: Search the site 66° F Broken Clouds Hi: 85° F Lo: 66° F Central Texans land on Forbes 2017 billionaires list By Calily Bien Published: March 20, 2017, 1:47 pm Updated: March 20, 2017, 3:45 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Chairman and CEO Michael Dell unveils the new XPS 12 at the Dell XPS launch celebration at Lightbox Studio on Thursday, Oct. 8, 2015 in New York. (Mark Von Holden/AP Images for Dell) Related Coverage Photos: Forbes latest list of world’s richest people Austin No. 2 on Forbes list for job growth AUSTIN (KXAN) — Forbes released its 2017 list of billionaires Monday and there are several Central Texans who have made the list. According to Forbes’ report, there are more billionaires worldwide this year than there was last year. In 2016, there were 1,810, this year the number is 2,043 — a 13 percent increase. Forbes still has Bill Gates has the richest person on the planet — his fourth straight year. Gates is valued at $86 billion, up from $75 billion in 2016. Central Texas’ own tech giant, Michael Dell, 52, is the richest person in the Austin-area, coming in at No. 38 with a net worth of $20.4 billion. In September 2016, Dell finalized a deal to acquire EMC Corporation in a $60 billion deal. The combination of the two companies created a $74 billion company. In 2016, Dell’s net worth was valued at $19.8 billion. Paul Mitchell owner John Paul DeJoria, 72, dropped to No. 630 with a net worth of $3.1 billion. Robert Smith, of Austin, runs a private equity shop, Vista Equity Partners. His net worth is valued at $2.5 billion, putting him at No. 814. David Booth, 71, of Austin, is ranked at No. 1,290 with $1.6 billion. He co-founded Dimensional Fund Advisors. In the Temple area, Drayton McLane Jr., 80, is ranked at No. 1,098 with $1.9 billion. McLane sold his family’s grocery distribution center to Sam Walton (of Walmart) for $50 million along with 10.4 million shares of Walmart stock. San Antonio’s Red McCombs comes in at No. 1,290 with a net worth of $1.6 billion. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts Former Trump campaign manager had plan to ‘greatly benefit the Putin Government’ Former Texas Tech football players land $2.8 billion oil deal Tournament field is set for Dell Technologies Match Play Jack Ingram, Matthew McConaughey raising funds for Central Texas kids Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories Hays High School sophomore killed in crash in Buda Traffic update: Here’s what to expect on your Thurs. morning commute Suspects impersonating police try to pull over woman in Kyle Photo Galleries PHOTOS: Attack on British Parliament PHOTOS: Train crashes into bus from Austin in Biloxi PHOTOS: Storm spawns tornadoes across central US Thrall-area struck by two tornadoes PHOTOS: Severe storms leave behind damage, destruction A Day Without Immigrants Bastrop kidnapping ends in deadly shooting along SH 71 in Del Valle PHOTOS: Red carpet fashion at the Grammys PHOTOS: Truck slams into Georgetown home leaving gaping hole That time Lady Gaga rocked Halftime PHOTOS: Taste of the NFL – Party with a Purpose PHOTOS: Players committing to colleges for National Signing Day PHOTOS: Behind the scenes of 2017 Super Bowl PHOTOS: Glorious sunsets sweeping across the Austin-area sky PHOTOS: Women’s March on Austin PHOTOS: Inauguration Day protests in Austin Protesters march through Austin as President Trump takes office PHOTOS: Donald Trump sworn in as 45th President of the United States PHOTOS: Fiery sunrise over Austin, surrounding areas Gorgeous Central Texas January sunset Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 KXAN Feedback If you have feedback about KXAN, we'd love to hear it. If you have a story, investigative, weather or web site tip, please visit our Report It page. X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement WATCH LIVE: KXAN News Today Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Price Check on Sprouts By Gillian Tan Photographer: ADRIAN DENNIS/AFP/Getty Images Deals Gillian Tan Gillian Tan is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and private equity. She previously was a reporter for the Wall Street Journal. She is a qualified chartered accountant. Follow @GillianTan Facebook Twitter Email Print Share March 20, 2017 1:03 PM EDT SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET INC +0.17 As of 3:14 AM EDT 21.01 EUR SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET INC +0.31 At Closing, March 22nd 22.77 USD Sprouts Farmers Market Inc. may soon be a closely held company. Again. The organic grocer is in preliminary talks to merge with Albertsons Cos., according to Bloomberg News, in a deal that would value the company at north of $3 billion. The timing is no coincidence: Just this month, Sprouts dipped below its July 2013 IPO price of $18 a share for the first time. (And prior to last week when deal speculation emerged, the stock had tumbled 40 percent over the previous 12 months, in part due to margin pressures from food-price deflation).  Pricing Pressure A deal for Sprouts could be coming at a time when the company (and broader industry) faces deflationary pressures Source: Bloomberg Still, it's easy to see why Sprouts is coveted. Although its same-store sales have been trending down, it still outpaces rivals:  Still Growing Sprouts beats many competitors when it comes to same-store sales Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Same goes for growth in overall sales: Sprouts's 6 percent gains in its latest quarter outshone the industry median 2.9 percent.  Double Trouble Even after declining, Sprouts's sales growth is roughly double the industry median Source: Bloomberg Intelligence And its profitability margins exceed those of most publicly traded rivals (meanwhile, Albertsons's Ebit margin for the first three quarters of fiscal 2016 was just 1 percent, paling in comparison to Sprouts's at 5.3 percent): Profiteering Despite facing the same challenging environment, Sprouts beats most rivals on a suite of profitability measures Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Cost savings from a merger between Phoenix-based Sprouts and Boise, Idaho-based Albertsons would be significant. Barclays Plc analysts reckon a merger could boost earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization by as much as $150 million, driven by stronger bargaining power in renegotiating supply agreements and an elimination of some operating costs.  Assuming those synergies in their entirety, Sprouts's projected 2017 Ebitda could reach $450 million, meaning it could seek a valuation of roughly 10 times that -- or $30 a share. While that's roughly double the multiple Albertsons paid for Safeway Inc. in 2015, it's not out of the question. Admittedly, that deal was back in 2007 -- and that same year, Whole Foods Market Inc. paid around 11.2 times Wild Oats Markets Inc.'s forward Ebitda in its deal for the natural grocer (arguably a better comparison).  Sprouts no longer carries a heavy debt load -- which likely hasn't gone unnoticed by Albertsons -- and an acquisition should enable it to pay down its own borrowings a little easier. That in turn should make an IPO of the combined company more palatable, down the road.  Sprouts has delivered healthy profits to private equity in the past. It was majority-owned by Apollo Global Management LLC, which made about $2 billion, or 10 times its original investment, when it sold its last slab of shares in the company a little under two years ago.  Should Albertsons and Sprouts reach a deal, Cerberus Capital Management (which has backed the larger grocer since 2006), will be hoping those fortunes repeat. But it can't count its pennies yet -- Albertsons could easily find itself in competition with other grocers who face the same slowing growth and deflationary pressures, as well as competition from the likes of Amazon.com Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Kroger Co., for example, has hinted at M&A and Gadfly has previously identified Sprouts as one of its many options. Assuming similar synergies as an Albertsons deal (which is conservative) and that the company pays for a deal with a 50-50 mix of cash and stock, Kroger could pay $30 a share and still have a deal be immediately accretive to earnings, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. To customers, Sprouts promises "healthy living for less." From a potential buyer though, it can -- and should -- demand a premium.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Gillian Tan in New York at gtan129@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net Altice debt $54 billion Magic Numbers The Other Page in Patrick Drahi's Billionaire Playbook Finance Leila Abboud Past Premium Past Premium Next has lost its superior rating to M&S as sales and profit have suffered Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Style and Substance Next's Island of Stability Consumer Andrea Felsted Spot the Crisis Spot the Crisis The discount for issuing in dollars and converting the proceeds into euros, rather than issuing in euros outright, is about 35 basis points Source: Bloomberg Keep Them Doggies Rollin' European Corporates Go West Markets Marcus Ashworth Go West Go West American Airlines is a laggard on Pacific routes, but it's catching up Source: Company traffic statistics Note: ASM = available seat miles, a measure of capacity showing the distance flown by aircraft multiplied by seats available on respective planes. blue-sky thinking American's Southern Comfort in China Consumer David Fickling A characteristic of banks less likely to be guaranteed Small Size matters Bondholders Trust China Too Much Finance Christopher Langner Confident Confident Danone said its deal for WhiteWave is nearing approval, which triggered a rally in WhiteWave shares that shrank the spread between the offer price and the stock Source: Bloomberg Done Deal WhiteWave Really Milked Danone Deals Tara Lachapelle Misery Misery Valeant's stunning fall from grace won't be undone by shifting its debts around Source: Bloomberg Iceberg Ahoy Valeant Rearranges Deck Chairs Health Max Nisen Prove It Prove It While GE has stuck to its target for $2.00 in EPS, analysts have grown increasingly less optimistic Source: Bloomberg Peltz Push GE May Need More Than Trian's Tough Love Industrials Brooke Sutherland Tame Tiger Tame Tiger Exxon needs shale output to help it thrive in a world of lower oil prices Queue & A Exxon Spells Out Why It Needs the Permian Energy Liam Denning High Hopes High Hopes Puerto Rico bonds rallied after U.S. lawmakers established a fiscal control board Source: S&P Municipal Bond Index All Stood Up 'Friend' Turns on Puerto Rico Bondholders Markets Lisa Abramowicz Quarterly growth in European EPS 12% Infrastructure pending Dumping the Trump Trade Markets Lionel Laurent PPG's proposal is worth €22.4 billion Nobel Act Akzo No-No-Nobel Data Chris Hughes Soaring Above Soaring Above Kingfisher's outperformance looks under threat from a retrenching consumer Source: Bloomberg Fresh Lick of Managementspeak Kingfisher's Extreme Makeover Consumer Andrea Felsted Proportion of sales from clickable ads 12 percent Sacrifice Tencent's Performance Problem Tech Tim Culpan Catch-Up Time Catch-Up Time CK Hutchison and Cheung Kong Property have underperformed the broader market Source: Bloomberg Stormy Weather Even Superman Li Faces Headwinds Industrials Nisha Gopalan Value of leased cars 38bn euros Too Much Credit? BMW's Hazard Lights Are Blinking Autos Chris Bryant The winner is TSMC New champ Chipzilla Got Toppled Tech Tim Culpan China government five-year bonds yield 3.141% Pump It Real Good Grab the Defibrillator. China's Going to Need It Markets Christopher Langner Hong Kong Life sale price HK$7.1 billion Fresh Baked Get Hong Kong Insurers While They're Hot Deals Nisha Gopalan Pickup Time Pickup Time FedEx had to lower its outlook on the economy throughout last year, but as of December it was expecting things to improve in 2017 Source: Bloomberg Silver Lining FedEx Earnings Are Worth a Second Look Industrials Brooke Sutherland If Only It Were That Simple If Only It Were That Simple Total value of home sales in China hit a record 9.9 trillion yuan last year Source: Blooomberg Good on paper Shifting Foundations in China Real Estate Christopher Langner Soggy Cereal Soggy Cereal As fresh foods and healthier options become more popular, traditional packaged-food giants such as General Mills are feeling the pain Source: Bloomberg Crunched Big G Is No 3G Deals Tara Lachapelle Last Time Apple Posted Quarterly Growth in iPad Sales 2013 iStruggle Apple's iPad Hopes Meet Harsh Reality Tech Shira Ovide Risk On Risk On Individual investors have been plowing into riskier stocks and bonds this year Source: Bank of America Merrill Lynch research American Static What Do Banks Know That Mom and Pop Don't? Markets Lisa Abramowicz Deutsche Bank is raising €8 billion Deutsche Bank The Wronged of Rights Offerings Data Chris Hughes
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Real Estate Retail Automotive Economy Small Business Healthcare OC Leaders Status Update Tourism More 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit Filmmaker finds sea turtle entangled in balloon, cuts him loose Mexican restaurants, hair salon victims in a string of break-ins in Huntington Beach California estimates it would lose $24 billion by decade's end under GOP health plan World Baseball Classic: Marcus Stroman, Team USA overwhelm Puerto Rico for first title Miller: Marcus Stroman, U.S. try to make Americans care about World Baseball Classic Rickard Rakell dazzles again as Ducks top Oilers, 4-3 Whicker: Steve Alford has UCLA winning – and Indiana waiting 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Seller takes a risk in auction of oceanfront Laguna Beach house designed by Brion Jeannette 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit What does the future Sears look like? Smaller and more specialized, analysts say 'Wilson' has plenty of laughs, but not emotional heft So-so 'Power Rangers' reboot is cheesy, self-serious Big Sean shakes House of Blues Anaheim 'Finding Neverland' in Costa Mesa evokes a childlike sense of wonder Top news Business San Clemente woman, owner of Skin Care by Alana, creates new product line March 20, 2017 Updated 2:59 p.m. 1 of 2 1 of 2 View slideshow By HANNAH MADANS / STAFF WRITER Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF A booming economy has helped Alana Mitchell, owner of Skin Care by Alana in Dana Point, create her own line of skin care products. Alana Mitchell Skincare has been a long time coming for Mitchell, who has been selling other companies’ skincare products for years at her shop off Golden Lantern. “It started at a time when the economy was shifting, the beauty industry was shifting and consumers need for skincare and advice was there,” Mitchell says of her new venture. For Mitchell, a licensed esthetician, the company took shape as her customers asked for advice for skin care. As the economy picked up and her client base grew, Mitchell realized she could make products that were as good or better than those she was already selling. “From there things really grew. We went from a few sales to competing with the big guys and we are a multi-million dollar business,” she says. She invested $10,000 to start her own line. The company, with 13 employees, brings in $6 million in annual revenue, the part-time model and San Clemente resident says. Mitchell launched the skincare line with the goal of making “things as easy and streamlined as possible.” Among her most successful products are a 4-in-1 Cleansing Pod and a Quick Comeback Masque. A full kit with six products costs $79. For Skin Care by Alana, Mitchell sells roughly 4,000 products. For her own line she has eight products with more on the way. Variety, Mitchell says, is key to healthy skin. Mitchell said it is necessary to use a variety of skin care items instead of having just one item that accomplishes everything. “Skin care products are like the food that you eat,” Mitchell said. “To have a good, round healthy diet, or skincare regime, it’s best to use different products. Not all ingredients are combatible in each product. Most of us have our preferences in what feels good on our skin. That’s why skin care does have a few different necessary products.” Mitchell says her products are made in the U.S. and shipped out of Dana Point. What sets her skincare line apart from products found at stores like Target, she says, is the lack of preservatives. Products sold at most big-box stores require a long shelf life so they include preservatives; Mitchell’s line is made in small batches with only natural preservatives such as those derived from radishes. Products should be used in one year. She also sells her products directly to the consumer without using a middle man (such as a retailer like Wal-Mart) which cuts down on the need for preservatives and the price, Mitchell said. Her line is available on her website and Amazon. Contact the writer: hmadans@ocregister.com or Twitter: @HannahMadans Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Fire damages Huntington Beach apartment building, leaves 4 pets dead Shooting in Garden Grove leaves 1 man injured In London, another ‘lone wolf’ terrorist attack Where do Southern California Republicans stand on GOP health care bill? 7 of 9 puppies taken from Cypress woman accused of running bogus rescue are adopted User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit Filmmaker finds sea turtle entangled in balloon, cuts him loose Mexican restaurants, hair salon victims in a string of break-ins in Huntington Beach California estimates it would lose $24 billion by decade's end under GOP health plan World Baseball Classic: Marcus Stroman, Team USA overwhelm Puerto Rico for first title Miller: Marcus Stroman, U.S. try to make Americans care about World Baseball Classic Rickard Rakell dazzles again as Ducks top Oilers, 4-3 Whicker: Steve Alford has UCLA winning – and Indiana waiting 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Seller takes a risk in auction of oceanfront Laguna Beach house designed by Brion Jeannette 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit What does the future Sears look like? Smaller and more specialized, analysts say 'Wilson' has plenty of laughs, but not emotional heft So-so 'Power Rangers' reboot is cheesy, self-serious Big Sean shakes House of Blues Anaheim 'Finding Neverland' in Costa Mesa evokes a childlike sense of wonder Top news Education » Orange Coast College honors anti-Trump instructor Olga Cox, but she turns it down Trustees pass $270 tuition hike for Cal State students Tuition hike passes Cal State finance panel; formal trustees' vote comes next BUSINESS » 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Seller takes a risk in auction of oceanfront Laguna Beach house designed by Brion Jeannette 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit O.C. Watchdog » Twins, divided: The fate of mentally disabled husband heading to mediation Are criminals working at your mom's state-licensed care home? Part 1: Twins, divided: Is one man happily married or a victim of sexual abuse? Health Care » Will I lose my health insurance with the GOP plan? For millions in California, the answer is yes CSUF training the midwives of the future State braces for Medi-Cal's future ENTERTAINMENT » 'Wilson' has plenty of laughs, but not emotional heft So-so 'Power Rangers' reboot is cheesy, self-serious Big Sean shakes House of Blues Anaheim Food » 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Here's what's new at Knott's Berry Farm's Boysenberry Festival 10 dishes to try at Water Grill, which is becoming the best seafood restaurant in Orange County TELEVISION » How a movie villain inspired TV prankster and magician Michael Carbonaro Robert Osborne, genial face of TCM, dead at 84 Shirley Chung or Brooke Williamson? Who is crowned Season 14 Top Chef winner Special Sections » Oceanfront Laguna Beach house asking $19.4 million heads to auction block OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 Featured Multimedia CARTOONS » Cartoons: Gorsuch confirmation hearings HEALTH CARE » Uninsured people in California and the U.S. are at their lowest rates SLIDESHOW » 10 dishes to try at Water Grill, which is becoming the best seafood restaurant in Orange County SLIDESHOW » Street Style: What they're wearing at Ducks games CARTOONS » Cartoons: FBI probe VIDEO/SLIDESHOW » 50 years ago Saturday, Pirates of the Caribbean opened at Disneyland Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments After years of waiting, ground breaks for a grocery store in Vinton County: Ohio Matters First dirt turned on new Vinton County supermarket Print Email Jeremy Pelzer, cleveland.com By Jeremy Pelzer, cleveland.com The Plain Dealer Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 20, 2017 at 1:42 PM, updated March 20, 2017 at 1:43 PM comments McARTHUR, Ohio--For the first time in three years, rural Vinton County is poised to get what most counties take for granted: a grocery store. In a rainy field on the east side of the county seat of McArthur, after a fanfare from the local high school marching band, elected officials and Campbell's Market on Monday broke ground on a new 12,000-square-foot store, scheduled to open in August. Ohio Matters is a series examining important national issues through the eyes of people living across the state. It's something that residents in this county of 13,000 have been awaiting for years, following the closure of the SuperValu grocery store in 2013. Since then, residents in this isolated, poor county have had to travel up to half an hour each way to shop in neighboring cities such as Athens, Chillicothe, Jackson, and Logan - a tough chore in bad weather or for those who can't drive. Vinton County grocery store groundbreaking brings marching band "Nowhere else in the state would you even think about a grocery store being the major issue of the county," said state Sen. Bob Peterson, who helped attract the market to McArthur. Locals do have some options: dollar stores in McArthur have frozen pizzas. Gas stations have small deli sections. If a neighbor needs a head of lettuce, a local diner owner will sell from his inventory. But the opening of Campbell's Market will mean a return of fresh fruit, fresh meat, and other healthy foods that aren't widely available here. At the groundbreaking, Rhoda Price, director of Vinton County Senior Centers, held up a banana. "How would you like to travel 10 miles one way to get one of these, or would you rather stay home and take potassium?" she asked. "That's a choice you get around here." Monday's groundbreaking came after years of work by federal, local and state elected officials to lure in a new grocery store. Campbell's Market will receive about $1.6 million in state and local grants and other perks to build its store here, according to co-owner Rick Campbell. About $700,000 of that comes from the state's Healthy Food for Ohio program, according to state Rep. Ryan Smith, the powerful House Finance Committee chair who helped arrange the grant. Campbell said the store will have about 30 full- and part-time employees. This is the fourth effort to reopen a grocery store in Vinton County since 2013. Most recently, the Save-a-Lot chain last year rejected $750,000 in government funding to build a location here. Campbell said this effort won't be another false start. "It's definitely the real deal," he said, noting his company intends to begin construction next week. Janie Fannin, the village of McArthur's fiscal officer, said given the quick timetable for opening, she's confident the store will open. Fannin said she usually drives down to Wellston, in Jackson County, to do her shopping. Other times, she heads to the larger towns of Jackson or Chillicothe. Like many other residents here, Fannin often includes grocery shopping as part of regular all-day excursions to other counties on weekends - get groceries at Wal-Mart, go shopping at other nearby stores, then eat at an Olive Garden or other restaurant before heading home. To succeed, Campbell's Market will have to persuade residents to break that ritual. Fannin, for her part, said she'll be happy to have a store nearby. "It will be nice to have a store, because especially for holidays or baking, if you forget something, they don't have it up here, and you're like, 'Are you kidding me?'" she said. Politics Features cleveland.com editorials, columnists and opinion Follow us on Twitter Find complete election results Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
OUTLOOK 2017: How e-commerce, arts & entertainment, and health care are transforming the Lehigh Valley economy LV Business Cycle Manufacturing Sales grow, but profit lags for plasticware maker Fuling Fuling Plastic USAs HARRY FISHER/Morning Call file photo An employee works on the straw-production line at Fuling Global’s plant in Upper Macungie Township. China-based Fuling saw net income fall during the fourth quarter despite double-digit revenue growth. An employee works on the straw-production line at Fuling Global’s plant in Upper Macungie Township. China-based Fuling saw net income fall during the fourth quarter despite double-digit revenue growth. (HARRY FISHER/Morning Call file photo) Anthony SalamoneContact ReporterOf The Morning Call Behind its Lehigh Valley plant, Chinese plastic-ware maker Fuling's sales growing in U.S. Chinese plasticware manufacturer Fuling Global Inc., which opened its first American plant in the Lehigh Valley nearly two years ago, saw net income fall during its fourth quarter, despite double-digit growth in revenue. Fuling's quarterly net income was $400,000, or 3 cents per diluted share, compared with $1.1 million, or 8 cents per diluted share, for the same quarter in 2015. Year-over-year, net income dipped to $7.9 million compared with $8 million during 2015, while diluted earnings per share dipped 22.6 percent, from 65 cents per share in 2015 to 50 cents per share last year. In a news release, the company blamed the profit dip on a decrease in subsidy income and higher provision for income taxes. Revenue and sales volume for the quarter and year rose, as the company said it was finding it difficult to meet growing demand for its products in recent months due to what Chairwoman Guilan Jiang called "capacity constraint." Fourth-quarter revenues rose 37.5 percent over the same period in 2015, to a company-record $31.8 million. For the year, revenues rose by $13.6 million, nearly 15 percent, from $91.3 million in 2015 to $104.9 million in 2016. Jiang said the company's Upper Macungie Township factory will add injection molding plastic manufacturing in the third quarter to help meet customer demand. Additionally, she said the company's fourth factory in China is expected to be open for production in April. Caption Outlook - Domaci in Bethlehem Domaci, a home furnishing store on Main Street in Bethlehem, is among small businesses utilizing e-commerce in addition to their in-store retail operations. Domaci, a home furnishing store on Main Street in Bethlehem, is among small businesses utilizing e-commerce in addition to their in-store retail operations. Caption Outlook - Domaci in Bethlehem Domaci, a home furnishing store on Main Street in Bethlehem, is among small businesses utilizing e-commerce in addition to their in-store retail operations. Domaci, a home furnishing store on Main Street in Bethlehem, is among small businesses utilizing e-commerce in addition to their in-store retail operations. Caption WATCH: Preview day for the 2017 Lehigh Valley Auto Show at Stabler Arena Dealers and workers do finishing touches on the displays at the start of the preview for the  Greater Lehigh Valley Auto Dealers Association's 2017 Lehigh Valley Auto Show at Stabler Arena in Bethlehem Dealers and workers do finishing touches on the displays at the start of the preview for the  Greater Lehigh Valley Auto Dealers Association's 2017 Lehigh Valley Auto Show at Stabler Arena in Bethlehem Caption WATCH: ArtsQuest CEO Kassie Hilgert says non-profit is moving full speed ahead ArtsQuest CEO Kassie Hilgert is optimistic that 2017 will be another booming year for the Bethlehem non-profit that produces Musikfest, Christkindlmarkt and more. ArtsQuest CEO Kassie Hilgert is optimistic that 2017 will be another booming year for the Bethlehem non-profit that produces Musikfest, Christkindlmarkt and more. Caption Robbins Rehabilitation co-owners speak about outlook on rehabilitation services Co-owners of Robbins Rehabilitation Todd Robbins, left, and his brother Travis Robbins, right, talk about their business and the local market for rehabilitation in the Lehigh Valley at their office in Upper Macungie. Co-owners of Robbins Rehabilitation Todd Robbins, left, and his brother Travis Robbins, right, talk about their business and the local market for rehabilitation in the Lehigh Valley at their office in Upper Macungie. Caption Outlook on healthcare Dr. Emil DiIorio, president of Coordinated Health, talks about the state of healthcare and where he sees it going in the future. Dr. Emil DiIorio, president of Coordinated Health, talks about the state of healthcare and where he sees it going in the future. Fuling said the U.S., which is its largest market, saw sales increase by nearly 32 percent, to $29.3 million, during the three months ending Dec. 31. Sales in Europe decreased about $1 million, while sales in China rose about $600,000. Fuling Global opened its first American plant in June 2015 near Interstate 78 in Upper Macungie Township with plans to invest about $20 million toward the local operations. The company, which has more than 80 employees, sells straws to fast-food restaurants and retailers. The company, which also makes disposable cutlery, cups and other plasticware, employs about 1,000 people in China. Customers, primarily from the United States and Europe, include Subway, Wendy's, Burger King and Wal-Mart. Boosted by manufacturing, Lehigh Valley's economic output hits record $37 billion Jon Harris The Lehigh Valley's gross domestic product hit a record level last year, bolstered by strong growth in manufacturing — now the region's largest economic sector. The Lehigh Valley's nominal GDP, the total economic output based on current price levels and currency values, was $36.97 billion in 2015,... The Lehigh Valley's gross domestic product hit a record level last year, bolstered by strong growth in manufacturing — now the region's largest economic sector. The Lehigh Valley's nominal GDP, the total economic output based on current price levels and currency values, was $36.97 billion in 2015,... (Jon Harris) Fuling's stock closed Monday at $2.90 a share, down 24 cents from Friday's close on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The stock has dipped more than 40 percent since launching at $5.15 a share in November 2015. asalamone@mcall.com 610-820-6694 Get the inside scoop on the Lehigh Valley's business scene on The Business Cycle, themorningcall.com/business. Like us on Facebook: facebook.com/LVBizCycle. Follow us on Twitter: @LVBizCycle. Copyright © 2017, Lehigh Valley Business Cycle LVEDC chief gives up $30K over conflict of interest concerns LVEDC chief takes paid appointment to company's board Breaking Popular Obits Top Workplaces Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 27°
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections Search for: News Bill Gates is Forbes richest man again as Donald Trump falls 220 spots Published March 20, 2017March 20, 2017 Share Tweet Pin it +1 Bill Gates / AFP PHOTO / EMMANUEL DUNAND Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates once again topped the Forbes magazine list of the world’s more than 2,000 billionaires, while US President Donald Trump slipped more than 200 spots, the magazine said Monday. Gates, whose wealth is estimated at $86 billion, led the list for the fourth straight year, and has been ranked as the richest person in the world for 18 of the past 23 years. Among the top 10 billionaires, a group heavily dominated by Americans, many from the technology sector, Gates was followed by Berkshire Hathaway chief Warren Buffett, with wealth was estimated at $75.6 billion, a $14.8 billion jump from the 2016 list, despite his pledge to give away 99 percent of his wealth. Others in the top 10 included Amazon founder Jeff Bezos who moved up to number three with the biggest gain of any person on the planet, a $27.6 billion increase to his fortune of $72.8 billion. Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg was number five and Oracle co-founder Larry Ellison was number seven. There are 183 tech billionaires in all with a combined $1 trillion in wealth, Forbes said. The global population of billionaires jumped 13 percent from last year to a record 2,043, the biggest annual increase in the 31 years since the magazine began compiling the list, Forbes said. The US had the most billionaires with 565, a product of the swelling value of the American stock market since Trump’s November 2016 election. China was second with 319 billionaires, and Germany was third with 114. – Partial Trump slump – Trump slipped 220 spots on the list to 544 with an estimated $3.5 billion, a decline of $1 billion from last year. Forbes attributed Trump’s drop to sluggishness in the midtown Manhattan real estate market which is responsible for a disproportionate amount of his wealth. “Forty percent of Donald Trump’s fortune is tied up in Trump Tower and eight buildings within one mile of it,” Forbes said. “Lately, the neighbourhood has been struggling (relatively speaking).” Forbes also said Trump’s wealth was hit by $66 million in political spending on his successful presidential campaign, as well as $25 million to settle litigation he allegedly ripped off students at Trump University. The US president also would have missed the big stock market rally following his election, “assuming Trump sold off all of his stocks during last year’s campaign, as he has claimed,” the magazine said. But not all of the trends were negative for Trump. The magazine estimated the worth of the Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida rose $25 million due to post-election exposure. Trump also got a boost from an increase in land values in lower Manhattan where he holds the 40 Wall Street tower. – More self-made women – Rounding out the Forbes top 10, Amancio Ortega of Spanish apparel chain Zara was fourth; Mexican telecom tycoon Carlos Slim was sixth; the Koch brothers, US conservative political activists Charles and David, were eighth and ninth; and former New York City mayor and Bloomberg News founder Michael Bloomberg was 10th. The highest-ranking woman on the list was L’Oreal cosmetics shareholder Liliane Bettencourt, who was 14th with $39.5 billion. The only other woman in the top 20 was Alice Walton, only daughter of Wal-Mart Stores founder Sam Walton. Overall, there were 227 women billionaires, the majority of whom inherited their wealth. But the list also contained 15 new “self-made” women, mostly from Asian countries, including Vietnam’s Nguyen Thi Phuong Thao of budget airline VietJet air. Among other luminaries on the list, Alibaba founder Jack Ma was 23rd with $28.3 billion; activist investor and Trump deregulation adviser Carl Icahn was 55th with $16.6 billion; fashion designer Giorgio Armani was tied for 215th with $6.6 billion; Hollywood director Steven Spielberg was tied for 501st with $3.7 billion; and entertainment giant Oprah Winfrey was tied for 660th with $3 billion. Share Tweet Pin it +1 Bill Gates Trump Ex-Bush adviser Wolfowitz “might vote for Clinton” Groups to sensitise Nigerians on Trump’s travel ban Saturday Global equities rocked by Trump immigration ban Chinese media warn ‘immature’ Trump over Taiwan policy Ooh, America; that hurts Trump’s fraud claim undermines US democracy – Obama US Poll debate: Trump threatens to prosecute Clinton if he wins election President Trump signs 1st bill into law Trending Certificate: Dino Melaye shares photo of himself in NYSC camp Certificate: ABU makes a U-turn, keeps mum on Melaye God hates woman-on-top, oral and doggy style sex —Pastor Lagos traders arrested for selling beans preserved with Sniper Peacemaker loses ear at birthday brawl Family Spice Special Features Education Vox Pop Sex & Relationship Letters Privacy Policy Advertise punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper
` Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2017 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Aerospace & Defense Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Login [x] Email Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Subscribe Register Logged in as Logout Edit Profile View Cart   Quick Links: 2017 Forty Under 40 class March issue of Forefront The Interview Issue Indiana 100 The Innovation Issue Highest-paid executives Anthem-Cigna full coverage Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2017 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Aerospace & Defense Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Home » Marsh Supermarkets set to close Nora store in April Marsh Supermarkets set to close Nora store in April March 20, 2017 Scott Olson KEYWORDS Marsh / Kroger / Grocery Stores / Retail / Real Estate & Retail Comments Print Reprints / Text Size+ Larger Smaller [X] Related News and Opinion Marsh closing three grocery stores in central Indiana Lawyers for Marsh Supermarkets can’t depose David Marsh Marsh Supermarkets asking former CEO to pay $5.6M Marsh Supermarkets, former CEO spar over attorney fees Marsh to close store near 53rd and Keystone Related Products Food for Thought: an Indiana Harvest Monitoring: Keeping Your Finger on the Pulse of School Improvement Leading the Revolution Marsh Supermarkets is set to close its Nora store on April 8 as the locally based supermarket chain struggles to compete with larger grocery rivals. A store employee on Monday morning confirmed the planned closure. The 49,000-square-foot Marsh store is in the Nora Corners Shopping Center at 1440 E. 86th Street just east of the Monon Trail. The location has suffered from a declining customer base since Kroger opened a $12 million store across the street in 2010. The Nora store is the latest in a string of Marsh groceries that have either closed or appear in danger of shutting their doors. IBJ reported in this week's print edition that Fishers-based Marsh has stopped paying rent on six Indianapolis stores, suggesting the chain might close them to shore up finances. Marsh has not paid monthly rent at the locations since fall, according to lawsuits filed this year by property owners. They’re attempting to collect a total of at least $480,000 in unpaid rent and property taxes, in addition to other expenses. One of the stores where Marsh has stopped paying rent, at Madison Avenue and Stop 11 Road on the south side, notified customers it will close on March 25. The chain has steadily shrunk since Florida-based Sun Capital Partners acquired it in 2006 for $88 million in cash and the assumption of $237 million in debt. Marsh, which had 120 groceries when the deal closed, now has 67. Closing the Nora store and the six locations where it has halted rent payments would reduce the store count to 60. Marsh, founded by the Marsh family in 1931, has faced growing competition in recent years from Kroger, Meijer, Wal-Mart and other larger chains. Marsh anchors a retail center in Nora that has had troubles of its own. In 2014, U.S. Bank filed to foreclose on the shopping center, claiming the owner, an entity called Nora Improvements LLC, owed the bank $8.4 million. The case was dismissed in 2015, according to court documents.   Email Tweet ADVERTISEMENT Reporter Real estate, retail, legal issues Property Lines Real estate blog moderator Olson became real estate reporter in March 2013 after spending four years as online reporter for IBJ Daily. He joined IBJ in 1999 and spent three years previously at IBJ sister publication Indiana Lawyer. Scott is an Illinois native and graduate of Western Illinois University—home of the mighty Leathernecks. He spent nearly four years at a small Illinois daily newspaper before joining The Republic in Columbus, Ind., in 1994. There, he covered the “courts and cops” beat, and reported news from nearby towns by traipsing through the hinterlands of southeastern Indiana. In his spare time, Scott enjoys reading history books, riding bicycles, running and—most importantly—watching baseball and cheering on the Chicago White Sox. Scott also serves on the Zionsville West Middle School PTO Board. He lives in Zionsville with his wife and two daughters, along with two cats and a spoiled Chihuahua.    Phone: (317) 472-5380 Twitter: @PropertyLines Recent Articles by Scott Olson New Irsay, Colts signage to adorn YMCA at CityWay $15M renovation gives Marriott North first major refresh Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Restricted Content You must have JavaScript enabled to enjoy a limited number of articles over the next 30 days. Please clik here to continue without javascript.. GO Advanced Search This Week's Paper Last year, 31 donors gave $267M in big gifts to Hoosier not-for-profits Which local philanthropists made major donations in 2016 and where the money went Eli Lilly chasing psoriasis jackpot with Taltz Most Read Comments Most Emailed Big IU donors were complaining loudly about Crean Storied racetrack revved for a restart under new owner Salesforce unveils sign design for namesake tower Marsh poised for more closings, sued for nonpayment of rents HHGregg preparing to file for bankruptcy, sources say Multimedia Images Videos IBJ Events Shane Johnson's editorial cartoons More Photos Health Care Heroes 2017: Advancements More Videos Videos 2012 CFOs of the Year: Bill Brunner More Videos Events Indiana's Aerospace & Defense sector is larger than you think. Learn more at our event April 21st. Tickets are available now! Engage with experts as they discuss promising science, tech & talent in central IN life sciences. Get your tickets today! Nominations Has your company seen rapid growth in the past 3 years? Nominate them today for IBJ's Fast 25! IBJ is accepting nominations for CTO of the Year awards! Help us recognize your top technology guru. More Events Back to Top SUBSCRIPTIONS Online & Print Subscriptions FREE eNews SUBMIT TO EDIT Submit People Submit Records IBJ Awards FTP to IBJ IBJ.COM ACCOUNT My Account FREE IBJ.com Registrations EVENTS Upcoming IBJ Events Event Sponsorship Award Nominations SUPPORT & INFORMATION Customer Service Contact Us Privacy Policy Career Opportunities Newsstand Locations Reprints ONLINE PRODUCTS Bookstore ADVERTISING IBJ Advertising Contacts Classifieds Submit Advertising MULTIMEDIA Photo Galleries Videos IBJ on Facebook IBJ on Twitter Get IBJ Widgets IBJ.com Book of Lists Editorial Calendar Archives IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines/Supplements Polls Sitemap OTHER IBJ MEDIA WEBSITES The Indiana Lawyer Court & Commercial Record IBJ Custom Publishing IBJ Book Publishing Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use. Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Have Changed By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. ACCEPT IBJ MEDIA CORP 317-634-6200 Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing.
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts ‘I’m president, you’re not’: Here are the 5 craziest quotes from Trump’s bonkers Time interview WATCH: Oklahoma State Rep says rape and incest are the ‘will of God’ in abortion bill hearing Was President Trump ‘obsessed’ with a Japanese translator’s breasts? ‘There’s a cover up going on here’: Carl Bernstein spells out why GOP won’t investigate Trump Hawaii GOP Rep resigns from ‘failing party’ citing racist and sexist bullying Florida Republican offers lamest possible defense of Devin Nunes: ‘Look at what Bill Clinton did’ CNN’s Don Lemon drops the mic: Devin Nunes looked ‘like a shill for the White House’ Israeli man arrested over bomb threats against Jewish community centers in US REVEALED: Paul Manafort’s shadowy Cyprus bank transactions under investigation by US Treasury ‘The White House is under siege’: Dan Rather calls out Congress for still not investigating Trump Bill Gates again world’s richest man while Trump slips down more than 200 spots: Forbes Agence France-Presse 20 Mar 2017 at 12:38 ET                    Billionaire philanthropist Bill Gates of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is pictured at an interview with AFP in Berlin on January 27, 2015 (AFP) Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates once again topped the Forbes magazine list of the world’s more than 2,000 billionaires, while US President Donald Trump slipped more than 200 spots, the magazine said Monday. Gates, whose wealth is estimated at $86 billion, led the list for the fourth straight year, and has been ranked as the richest person in the world for 18 of the past 23 years. Among the top 10 billionaires, a group heavily dominated by Americans, many from the technology sector, Gates was followed by Berkshire Hathaway chief Warren Buffett, with wealth was estimated at $75.6 billion, a $14.8 billion jump from the 2016 list, despite his pledge to give away 99 percent of his wealth. Others in the top 10 included Amazon founder Jeff Bezos who moved up to number three with the biggest gain of any person on the planet, a $27.6 billion increase to his fortune of $72.8 billion. Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg was number five and Oracle co-founder Larry Ellison was number seven. There are 183 tech billionaires in all with a combined $1 trillion in wealth, Forbes said. The global population of billionaires jumped 13 percent from last year to a record 2,043, the biggest annual increase in the 31 years since the magazine began compiling the list, Forbes said. The US had the most billionaires with 565, a product of the swelling value of the American stock market since Trump’s November 2016 election. China was second with 319 billionaires, and Germany was third with 114. – Partial Trump slump – Trump slipped 220 spots on the list to 544 with an estimated $3.5 billion, a decline of $1 billion from last year. Forbes attributed Trump’s drop to sluggishness in the midtown Manhattan real estate market which is responsible for a disproportionate amount of his wealth. “Forty percent of Donald Trump’s fortune is tied up in Trump Tower and eight buildings within one mile of it,” Forbes said. “Lately, the neighborhood has been struggling (relatively speaking).” Forbes also said Trump’s wealth was hit by $66 million in political spending on his successful presidential campaign, as well as $25 million to settle litigation he allegedly ripped off students at Trump University. The US president also would have missed the big stock market rally following his election, “assuming Trump sold off all of his stocks during last year’s campaign, as he has claimed,” the magazine said. But not all of the trends were negative for Trump. The magazine estimated the worth of the Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida rose $25 million due to post-election exposure. Trump also got a boost from an increase in land values in lower Manhattan where he holds the 40 Wall Street tower. – More self-made women – Rounding out the Forbes top 10, Amancio Ortega of Spanish apparel chain Zara was fourth; Mexican telecom tycoon Carlos Slim was sixth; the Koch brothers, US conservative political activists Charles and David, were eighth and ninth; and former New York City mayor and Bloomberg News founder Michael Bloomberg was 10th. The highest ranking woman on the list was L’Oreal cosmetics shareholder Liliane Bettencourt, who was 14th with $39.5 billion. The only other woman in the top 20 was Alice Walton, only daughter of Wal-Mart Stores founder Sam Walton. Overall, there were 227 women billionaires, the majority of whom inherited their wealth. But the list also contained 15 new “self-made” women, mostly from Asian countries, including Vietnam’s Nguyen Thi Phuong Thao of budget airline VietJet air. Among other luminaries on the list, Alibaba founder Jack Ma was 23rd with $28.3 billion; activist investor and Trump deregulation adviser Carl Icahn was 55th with $16.6 billion; fashion designer Giorgio Armani was tied for 215th with $6.6 billion; Hollywood director Steven Spielberg was tied for 501st with $3.7 billion; and entertainment giant Oprah Winfrey was tied for 660th with $3 billion. Report typos and corrections to corrections@rawstory.com About the AuthorAFP journalists cover wars, conflicts, politics, science, health, the environment, technology, fashion, entertainment, the offbeat, sports and a whole lot more in text, photographs, video, graphics and online. Next on Raw Story > Florida Republican offers lamest possible defense of Devin Nunes: ‘Look at what Bill Clinton did’ By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address New Stories Florida Republican offers lamest possible defense of Devin Nunes: ‘Look at what Bill Clinton did’ Israeli man arrested over bomb threats against Jewish community centers in US Was President Trump ‘obsessed’ with a Japanese translator’s breasts? 10 weird little aliens you can find right here on Earth Police officer, three others killed in Wisconsin shooting: reports News from idealmedia.com Trump News Was President Trump ‘obsessed’ with a Japanese translator’s breasts? FBI’s Russia probe expands to ‘PizzaGate’ threats ‘I’m president, you’re not’: Here are the 5 craziest quotes from Trump’s bonkers Time interview The FBI did wiretap Trump Tower but not to spy on Trump US President’s son faces backlash after criticizing London mayor Trump retweets conservative host on Obama wiretapping claims New Videos Florida Republican offers lamest possible defense of Devin Nunes: ‘Look at what Bill Clinton did’ CNN’s Don Lemon drops the mic: Devin Nunes looked ‘like a shill for the White House’ Kayleigh McEnany smacked down after claiming other CNN panelists are hypocrites about surveillance laws ‘There’s a cover up going on here’: Carl Bernstein spells out why GOP won’t investigate Trump WATCH: Oklahoma State Rep says rape and incest are the ‘will of God’ in abortion bill hearing SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Target to open a new store across from Macy’s flagship New York City location Target to open a new store across from Macy’s flagship New York City location Posted on Monday, March 20, 2017 by CNN in Business News Call it the new Miracle on 34th Street — a department store chain actually announced plans Monday to open a new store there. Target said Monday it will open a new store on 34th Street, directly across from Macy’s flagship New York City location. The move comes at a troubled time for the department store sector, as online competition from site such as Amazon pressure traditional retailers. Macy’s announced in January plans to close 68 stores nationwide and cut 10,000 jobs. Last month Hudson Bay, the owner of Saks and Lord & Taylor made a bid for Macy’s, a source told CNNMoney at that time. But since then it’s been reported that Hudson Bay is now bidding for another troubled department store chain, Neiman Marcus, which said last week it is considering a sale of the company. JCPenney recently announced it’s closing 138 stores, while Sears Holdings said it’s closing 150 Sears and Kmart locations. Target’s new Herald Square store will be 43,000-square foot and is due to open in October 2017. While that may sound big, it’s actually considered a “small format” store by the retailer. Most Target stores are typically about 130,000-square feet. Macy’s flagship store, at 1.1 million square feet, will be more than 25 times larger than its new neighbor. It’s not just Target moving in on Macy’s Herald Square territory. Nordstrom announced plans to open a Nordstrom Rack store a few blocks south of the area just last month. Macy’s has always had neighborhood competition. For decades its primary competitor, now-defunct Gimbels, had its own large flagship store in Herald Square, while JCPenney still has a Herald Square location. Target is the nation’s second largest department store chain behind Walmart. It already has two other Manhattan stores and has announced plans for two additional stores beyond the Herald Square location. Although it’s faring better most troubled retailers, it’s had its own problems as well. Last week it reported a disappointing earnings report and gave a gloomy outlook for 2017. Trumpcare may be healthy for Big Pharma and insurers How NATO is funded and who pays what Related Posts Hacker uses Ashley Madison files to seek revenge on prosecutors Mexico’s ‘contingency plan’ for Trump isn’t working Unlike Icahn, Main St. investors still love Apple Defaults soar to recession levels, fueled by cheap oil Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska VTEX and AAXIS Forge Strategic Partnership Empowering Companies to Expand Globally with a Complete Commerce Solution News provided by AAXIS Digital Mar 20, 2017, 10:53 ET Share this article LOS ANGELES, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- AAXIS and VTEX have joined forces to offer customers a world-class digital commerce solution with best-in-class features for global expansion, incredibly fast time-to-market and high ROI. AAXIS and VTEX together can offer this capability in more than 100 countries. "For VTEX, our partnership with AAXIS significantly expands and improves our global delivery footprint," explains VTEX's co-CEO Mariano Gomide de Faria. The VTEX cloud commerce platform is currently used by more than 2000 stores from globally recognized brands such as Whirlpool, Electrolux, Sony, Motorola, Coca-Cola, Lego, Danone and many others. With the help of AAXIS' deep enterprise-level commerce implementation experience and AAXIS' global delivery capabilities, the VTEX commerce platform is now available to companies of any size, anywhere in the world.   AAXIS is one of the most advanced digital commerce agencies in the world. For AAXIS, the VTEX partnership allows AAXIS to offer companies around the globe a multi-regional, unified digital commerce solution for B2C, B2B, Marketplace and B2X business models. "We were looking for a next generation cloud commerce platform with the feature set, flexibility, velocity and price-point customers need to compete in today's digital economy. With VTEX's commerce solution, we're able to provide comprehensive, world-class, omni-channel solutions that allow our customers to digitally transform at exceptional speeds," says AAXIS' founder and CEO Asad Durrani. About AAXIS: AAXIS is a Global Digital Technology Agency that's helped companies grow their businesses online for over 20 years. AAXIS provides clients with expertise across Digital Strategy, Customer Engagement, Technology Development and Data & Analytics. AAXIS is headquartered in Los Angeles, CA, with US offices in San Diego, Medford and Chicago, global offices in Brazil, Chile, India, China and London and new office opening in Dubai, Germany and Colombia. Learn more at www.aaxisdigital.com. About VTEX: VTEX is the only True Cloud Commerce platform in the digital commerce market with an auto-scaling elastic cloud infrastructure that leads to higher conversion rates, stronger customer loyalty and lower TCO. Utilizing the exclusive patent-pending SmartCheckout™ technology - a secure, intuitive and easy password-free process, VTEX presents an excellent option for digital commerce. Companies running the VTEX platform have seen a 54% increase in conversion rates, and a significantly lower rate of cart abandonment. Since 2000, VTEX's pioneering R&D teams have provided customers all over the world with a comprehensive, fully-adaptable, omni-channel solution that keeps pace with ever-changing customer expectations. VTEX is trusted by over 1,000 clients worldwide including Walmart, Danone, Whirlpool, Coca-cola, Pandora, Avon and Lego. To learn more about VTEX, please visit: http://en.vtex.com. Connect with VTEX Cloud Commerce through our Blog. Join the conversation on Twitter @VTEXTrueCloud. Contact: Adam Willmouth AAXIS Digital +1 310 909-6430  151165@email4pr.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/vtex-and-aaxis-forge-strategic-partnership-300426145.html SOURCE AAXIS Digital Related Links http://www.aaxisdigital.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: VTEX and AAXIS Forge Strategic Partnership News provided by AAXIS Digital Mar 20, 2017, 10:53 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Recent News Maersk Line, Hamburg Sud offer merger concessions to gain EU approval USGC refiners set to win from the new bunker fuel spec Dry Bulk FFA: Pressures Continue on Capesize Market Liberian Registry passes historic 150m gross tons landmark China’s coastal coal freights drift in week to March 21 Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide, Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping    Home Shipping News top stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Recent Videos Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Home / Oil & Energy / Oil & Companies News / How Trump could keep a lid on oil How Trump could keep a lid on oil in Oil & Companies News 20/03/2017 President Donald Trump’s calls for deregulation of the energy industry could actually keep oil prices low, oil guru Rusty Braziel told “Mad Money” host Jim Cramer. If U.S. oil producers see some federal regulations lifted, that could lead to a chain reaction that keeps oil prices at bay for good, the president and CEO of energy consulting firm RBN argued. “Now they’re looking at a situation where regulations are at least expected to be dialed back, which is a great thing, which means that they’ll be able to produce for less money, which means they’ll be able to have lower break-even prices, which means they’ll be able to make more money, which means they’ll be able to produce more hydrocarbons, which means … perhaps we could make so many hydrocarbons that the price [of oil] stays low no matter what,” Braziel said. But Cramer noticed not much Trump-related news came to the fore this week, and the Federal Reserve remained tame and predictable when it raised interest rates on Wednesday. “Neither the rate hike earlier this week nor the Merkel-Trump confab could give the bears the kind of brutal sell-off they’ve been waiting for. Let’s see what next week brings, but if it’s only earnings that can hurt us, we look to be in pretty good shape given the overall health of the companies that report next week,” the “Mad Money” host said. With the bull market indicating full speed ahead, here are the stocks and events Cramer’s keeping an eye on next week: A Monday analyst meeting at natural gas distributor MDU Resources may shed more light on how the natural gas distribution company could benefit from deregulation in the area of fossil fuels, Cramer said. Tuesday welcomes a flurry of earnings reports that include General Mills, Lennar, and Nike. One of the strongest stocks in the S&P 500, Lennar has rallied 23 percent since the start of the year. “If the stock is going to stay up here we’ll need to hear a story of accelerating orders and estimate beating numbers on both the top and bottom line,” Cramer said. Calvin Klein parent PVH reports earnings on Wednesday, and while it may not boost the retail sector like Canada Goose’s IPO, Cramer said it’s “a terrific operator and has often been able to make a lot of money even when many investors have counted it out.” Technology earnings from Accenture, Gamestop, and Micron come down on Thursday. Cramer’s looking for opportunity in Accenture, which sold off even after reporting strong earnings last quarter only to come back full-throttle and trade above where it was when it reported. The last earnings report Cramer’s watching is for athletic gear retailer Finish Line. Cramer believes it’s trailing Foot Locker in terms of sneaker retail investments, and suggests buying Foot Locker stock if Finish Line’s earnings disappoint. On Friday, Cramer also took a look at the rise of eSports, a phenomenon that has turned electronic gaming into a national competition where teams compete for prize money, often in front of paying audiences. Cramer said that investing in video game makers like Activision Blizzard, Electronic Arts, and Take-Two is the most straightforward way to play this secular trend. Another logical play is the semiconductor companies like NVIDIA and AMD that support the high-quality graphics these games need, he said. But the underlying play, Cramer’s “sleeper pick,” is Logitech International, which makes the controllers, joysticks, keyboards, headsets and other devices used to play the games themselves. “Competitive gaming is booming and that’s more good news for Activision Blizzard, Electronic Arts, Take-Two, NVIDIA, AMD, and Logitech,” Cramer said. “So do some homework and see if any of these names are right for you.” But an oncoming wave of initial public offerings could pose a threat to the bull market and lead to a pause, Jim Cramer said. “Lots of people ask me, ‘what kills a bull?'” the “Mad Money” host said. “I always says that what ultimately kills the bull is supply, because the stock market, like any other market, is all about supply and demand. When the market’s roaring, more companies will want to come public, and sooner or later we get so many IPOs that the market’s flooded with supply and it overwhelms the demand.” That could result in the market pause so many analysts have been predicting since the rally began, Cramer said. In Cramer’s lightning round, he gave his take on these two caller favorites and others: Target: “It’s going down. Target is in the crosshairs, it’s in the crosshairs of Wal-Mart and Amazon and Dollar General, for that matter. Kind of a bad place to be. They’ve got to reconfigure, they’ve got to bring back the excitement, and I don’t know how they do that, but then again, I’m not the CEO, so I don’t have to worry.” Delta Air Lines: “Well, you stop wondering, start buying. I mean, Delta’s inexpensive, I like the business. I think the quarter’s going to be weak, but the year’s going to be good. DAL, it’s got a big thumbs up from me.” Source: CNBC 2017-03-20 hellenicshippingnews. tweet Share Previous: Shale’s Mister Fix-It: Saudi Arabia Next: Halfway into 2017’s oil supply cut, Asia remains awash with fuel Related News Maersk Line, Hamburg Sud offer merger concessions to gain EU approval 23/03/2017 USGC refiners set to win from the new bunker fuel spec 23/03/2017 Dry Bulk FFA: Pressures Continue on Capesize Market 23/03/2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Anti-Spam Please enter the CAPTCHA text Sponsors Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Read More Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Read More WEEKLY CONTAINER INDEX Read More FOLLOW US LIVE SHIPS TRAFFIC MAP Read More STOCK NEWS Read More Sponsors Newsletter Subscribe to our email newsletter. Email address: Name: Surname: Please insert the code you see in the picture. Recent Videos MPA Workplan 2017 23/03/2017 IMarEST 114th Annual Dinner 2017 Highlights 23/03/2017 Stena Line Holyhead Port – leading the way in sustainability 23/03/2017 Ship ROBERT S PIERSON at the Glendale Bridge, Welland Canal 23/03/2017 March 22 Energy Commentary: Todd Colvin 22/03/2017 Maersk Oil – The future of the Tyra field 22/03/2017 Coast Guard Ancient Tridents 22/03/2017 MSC LEVINA – MSC SHIPMANAGEMENT HONG KONG container ship 22/03/2017 Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping Shipping News Top Stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews Recent Videos Live Piracy Map Live Ships Worldwide Traffic Map Real Time Marine Weather DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Useful Links Rss Feeds Site Map Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Connect with Us Contact us - Send your news Subscribe to our free daily newsletter Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Follow us © 2017 Copyright Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide All Rights Reserved. Diclaimer - Web Design & Development PG-Software This site uses cookies More infoNo problem
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Thu, Mar 23, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Limerick’s John Collison is world’s youngest self-made billionaire Eight Irish people now on ‘Forbes’ billionaires list Mon, Mar 20, 2017, 15:12 Fiona Reddan John Collison. co-founder of Stripe, is the youngest self-made billionaire on Forbes list.         Limerick brothers Patrick (28) and John Collison (26), cofounders of payment service Stripe, have made the Forbes billionaires list for the first time, joining the ranking of the world’s richest as the youngest newcomer billionaires. The Collison brothers, who are based in California, join fellow 20somethings Snapchat cofounders Evan Spiegel and Bobby Murphy, in the newcomer club, while John has the added prestige of also being the world’s youngest self-made billionaire, as he is two months younger than Spiegel. The Irish duo, who rank in joint 1,795th place, each have an estimated fortune of $1.1 billion thanks to their firm raising money at a $9.2 billion valuation last year. Other tech newcomers include 33-year-old Kevin Systrom, founder of Instagram, who has an estimated fortune of $1.2 billion. The arrival of the Collisons on the list means that there are now eight Irish billionaires. The highest ranked Irish billionaire is Pallonji Mistry (77th) with a €14.3 billion fortune, followed by John Grayken (215); Denis O’Brien (348); Campbell soup heir John Dorrance III (745); Dermot Desmond (1,030); and Martin Naughton (1,234). O’Brien saw his fortune fall by $1 billion from March 2016, while Desmond’s fortune rose by €100 million, as did Naughton’s. Increase Overall, the survey shows that the number of billionaires jumped 13 per cent to a new high of 2,043 from 1,810 last year, as their total net worth rose by 18 per cent to $7.67 trillion, also a record. US President Donald Trump saw his fortune fall by about $1bn to $3.5bn the survey shows, putting him in 533rd place. Microsoft’s Bill Gates is the world’s wealthiest person for the fourth year in a row, with a fortune of $86 billion, up from $75 billion last year, followed by Warren Buffett. Amazon’s Jeff Bezos had the best year of any person on the planet, adding $27.6 billion to his fortune; now worth $72.8 billion, he moved into the top three in the world for the first time, up from number five a year ago. ADVERTISEMENT Zara’s Amancio Ortega and Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg make up the top five. The number of female billionaires also reached a new high, at 227, making up 11 per cent of the list with a collective net worth of $852.8 billion. For the second year running, France’s Liliane Bettencourt is the world’s wealthiest woman with a $39.5 billion net worth. She is followed by Alice Walton, the only daughter of Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton. The US continues to have more billionaires than any other nation, with a record 565, up from 540 a year ago. China is catching up with 319, while Germany has the third most with 114. India, with 101, the first time it has had more than 100, is fourth.       Read More State faces ‘inevitable’ EU climate change fines from 2020 Google braced for questions as more big brands pull adverts Dalkey mixed-use investment for €2m US stance on trade forces rest of G20 to wait G20’s protectionism shift hits stocks as dollar falls to six-week low Nepal turns to GPS devices to cut hoax Everest claims The stakes have risen since Murdoch’s last battle for Sky Wolfgang Munchau: Britain and the EU will do a Brexit deal GamerCon set to issue refunds after weekend chaos Are women workers in the public sector paid too much? Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Financial Services Lenders pay €78m to 2,600 account holders denied tracker rate Technology Sales of ebooks slide as readers prefer a book in the hand UK 1:35 Westminster attack: Irish person’s injuries not life-threatening Rugby England poised to have the Lion’s share in touring squad Sponsored Our trip North: ‘I couldn’t believe how much it had changed’ Who are the ‘Leaders of Tomorrow’? Ten things you don’t want to miss in Northern Ireland this year The Liberties, Newbridge and Mullingar capture the imagination of first-time buyers ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Stocks and bonds rally on interest-free ECB cash 13:06 PTSB appoints Shane O’Sullivan as group director of operations 12:10 Irish-founded start-up Lystable raises additional $10m, to open Belfast office 12:02 Lenders pay €78m to 2,600 account holders denied tracker rate 11:29 Accenture’s quarterly net income up on demand for digital, cloud services 11:26 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 Lenders pay €78m to 2,600 account holders denied tracker rate 2 Construction boom could overheat economy, says ESRI 3 Irish-founded start-up Lystable raises additional $10m, to open Belfast office 4 Does ‘robo-journalism’ pose a threat to reporters? 5 Is construction Ireland’s economic cuckoo? 6 PTSB appoints Shane O’Sullivan as group director of operations 7 Moy Park assures consumers in wake of Brazilian meat scandal 8 Irish gym software start-up Glofox flexes muscles as it raises €2m 9 Central Bank heavily critical of credit union regulatory compliance 10 Irish technology firm Fenergo is to create 200 jobs Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 23/3/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Eastern Wake News March 20, 2017 9:12 AM Crime Notes: March 9-15 Harry Lynch Harry Lynch i LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Knightdale arrests ▪  March 10, 10 p.m., Cedric Uriah Barnes, 32, of 9616 Fanny Brown Road, Raleigh, was charged with possession of up to one-half ounce of marijuana and resisting an officer. ▪  March 12, 12:14 a.m., Ruben Alejandro Gonzalez, 22, of 6 North St., Wendell, was charged with possession of a stolen motor vehicle. ▪  March 12, 12:14 a.m., Justin Mac Graves, 20, of 6 North St., Wendell, was charged with possession of a stolen motor vehicle. ▪  March 12, 10:05 a.m., Lance Christopher Littlejohn, 26, of 4732 Hidden Hollow Lane, Knightdale, was charged with failure to appear in court on charges of driving while his license was revoked, driving without registration and possession of up to one-half ounce of marijuana. ▪  March 14, 1:25 p.m., Victor Manuel Ortega-Corona, 16, of 7505 Golden Brook St., Zebulon, was charged with assault with a deadly weapon and communicating threats. Knightdale incidents ▪  March 9, 8:42 p.m., a drug offense was reported in the 900 block of Hodge Road. ▪  March 13, 12:22 p.m., a larceny was reported at Target on Shoppes at Midway Drive. Someone stole security cameras valued at $359.98. Wendell arrests ▪  March 10, 10:59 a.m., Kenneth Jerome Brown, 39, of 3405 Broughton Road, Wendell, was charged with assault on a female. ▪  March 10, 12:30 p.m., Aleya Lendette Sims, 19, of Zebulon was charged with failure to appear in court in Johnston County on a shoplifting charge. Zebulon arrests ▪  March 14, 9:15 p.m., William Leon Rhodes was charged with misdemeanor larceny in Nash County. ▪  March 14, 9:15 p.m., Bridget Michelle Jackson was charged with misdemeanor larceny in Nash County. Zebulon incidents ▪  March 9, 3:01 p.m., a larceny was reported at Food Lion on Wakelon Street. Someone stole cash and cards valued at $135. ▪  March 9, 5:08 p.m., a larceny was reported in the Walmart shopping center on East Gannon Avenue. Someone stole a purse valued at $100. ▪  March 14, 2:01 p.m., police recovered counterfeit money at McDonald’s on Wakelon Street. ▪  March 14, 4:50 p.m., a larceny was reported at Walmart on East Gannon Avenue. Someone stole a football and pain medication. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Eastern Wake News Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:17 UNC's Williams on HB2: 'What we have now is wrong' Pause 1:26 Rescue puppy gets second chance with prosthetic paws 2:40 St. Augustine student killed in Washington, DC while on spring break 8:01 Seth Meyers takes some shots at NC political power grab 3:23 "It's tough, we're ashamed of the end result."- Luke Kennard, Duke sophomore guard. 1:08 NC State's Keatts: We are going to try to go after the best recruits in the country 2:25 UNC basketball team arrives in Memphis 1:32 Mike Krzyzewski on setbacks: 'That's OK...that's life' 1:12 Kidznotes students show off music skills 3:07 Wake County high school students brainstorm, prototype wearable technology Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 months ago Wake school bus in head-on crash near Knightdale 0:39 4 months ago Wake school bus in head-on crash near Knightdale 2:24 5 months ago Fields of Faith at Knightdale High 0:23 5 months ago Flooding along the Little River after Hurricane Matthew View more video Eastern Wake News FEMA will help revive Little River dam Knightdale girls soccer gets first win, routs Southeast Raleigh Wake weighs parental concerns on calendar, school time changes Wake County holds off on changes to school calendars, start times Wendell police offer advice after vehicle theft, string of break-ins Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos most commented Coolpad Cool 1 review: This is the Le 2 in a new body which offers nothing compelling By Kunal Khullar 9   Comments Airtel now offers 1GB daily data and free calls at Rs 345 a month By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Airtel Surprise offer for postpaid users gives 30GB free 4G data via the MyAirtel app By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Fastrack launches ‘Fastrack Reflex’, a wearable aimed at youth for Rs 1,995 By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Nokia C1 renders and specifications leak: Expect a Snapdragon 830, 4GB RAM and dual-cameras By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #IBM Titan Company Limited teams up with IBM Watson and cloud services to increase its customer base IBM launches blockchain service solution for enterprises IBM teams up with The Weather Company to launch weather alerts without internet Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> IBM launches blockchain service solution for enterprises   20 Mar 2017 , 18:34 #IBM International Business Machines Corp has launched a service that will allow businesses to build applications on its cloud using blockchain code from the Hyperledger Project, the cross-industry group led by the Linux Foundation. The U.S. technology company said on Monday its new product called IBM Blockchain was the first service for developers to build enterprise-grade technology using Hyperledger Fabric, the first code set to be released by the open source group. The Fabric blockchain can process more than 1,000 transactions per second and has the necessary features to be used by large enterprises to build their applications, IBM said. It added it was working with technology company SecureKey Technologies and a group of Canadian banks to build a digital identity network using its new blockchain services. The network, set for launch later this year, is aimed at making it easier for consumers to prove their identities when accessing services such as new bank accounts, driver’s licenses or utilities. Banks involved include Bank of Montreal, Royal Bank of Canada, Bank of Nova Scotia, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and Toronto-Dominion Bank. Blockchain, which emerged as the system running cryptocurrency bitcoin, is a digital shared record of transactions that is maintained by a network of computers on the internet, without the need of a centralized authority. Big businesses, including many of the world’s largest banks, have been increasing their investment in the technology in hopes it can help them reduce the complexity and costs of some of their most burdensome processes, such as the settlement of securities or international payments. Technology companies and professional services firms have also been ramping up their investment in blockchain, as they race to capture the nascent market. IBM has been one of the most aggressive large technology companies on blockchain and has several large clients developing applications with the technology, including Northern Trust Corp, Wal-Mart Stores Inc and the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation. IBM said it had also tested a blockchain-based asset management platform for carbon assets with Chinese company Energy-Blockchain Labs. The companies aim to release the platform, built using the new IBM Blockchain, later this year. Reuters Publish date: March 20, 2017 6:34 pm| Modified date: March 20, 2017 6:34 pm Tags: Blockchain, blockchain code, Energy-Blockchain, Enterprise, Hyperledger Project, IBM, Linux Foundation Also read Future of finance will be shaped by cloud computing, blockchain and cognitive computing Accenture report says blockchain technology can cut costs for investment banks by $8 to $12 billion a year X Recommended For You Titan Company Limited teams up with IBM Watson and cloud services to increase its customer base IBM teams up with The Weather Company to launch weather alerts without internet ‘Chintu’ is a cognitive robot assistant powered by IBM Watson made in collaboration with MIT Pune IBM and Salesforce announce strategic AI partnership that will seamlessly connect Watson and Einstein Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance #Apple Mar 23, 2017 Apple to start making iPhones in India, in the next two months: WSJ report #4G Mar 23, 2017 One of the biggest data driver in 2016 was 4G #Samsung Mar 23, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 may launch with 3 month unconditional refund period; new screen resolution options emerge #Artificial Intelligence Mar 23, 2017 Rise of artificial intelligence leading to fear of losing jobs among humans #Hyperloop Mar 23, 2017 Hyperloop Transportation Technologies to reveal its first passenger capsule in early 2018 SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices IBM launches enterprise-ready blockchain service Reuters By Anna Irrera 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Love-cheat golf legend sues wife for £5m in divorce battle Islamic State claims it was behind Westminster terror attack © REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo The logo of IBM is seen in Los Angeles International Business Machines Corp has launched a service that will allow businesses to build applications on its cloud using blockchain code from the Hyperledger Project, the cross-industry group led by the Linux Foundation. The U.S. technology company said on Monday its new product called IBM Blockchain was the first service for developers to build enterprise-grade technology using Hyperledger Fabric, the first code set to be released by the open source group. The Fabric blockchain can process more than 1,000 transactions per second and has the necessary features to be used by large enterprises to build their applications, IBM said. It added it was working with technology company SecureKey Technologies and a group of Canadian banks to build a digital identity network using its new blockchain services. The network, set for launch later this year, is aimed at making it easier for consumers to prove their identities when accessing services such as new bank accounts, driver's licenses or utilities. Banks involved include Bank of Montreal, Royal Bank of Canada, Bank of Nova Scotia, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and Toronto-Dominion Bank. Blockchain, which emerged as the system running cryptocurrency bitcoin, is a digital shared record of transactions that is maintained by a network of computers on the internet, without the need of a centralized authority. Big businesses, including many of the world's largest banks, have been increasing their investment in the technology in hopes it can help them reduce the complexity and costs of some of their most burdensome processes, such as the settlement of securities or international payments. Technology companies and professional services firms have also been ramping up their investment in blockchain, as they race to capture the nascent market. IBM has been one of the most aggressive large technology companies on blockchain and has several large clients developing applications with the technology, including Northern Trust Corp, Wal-Mart Stores Inc and the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation. IBM said it had also tested a blockchain-based asset management platform for carbon assets with Chinese company Energy-Blockchain Labs. The companies aim to release the platform, built using the new IBM Blockchain, later this year. (Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Peter Cooney) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Thailand seeks new abbot for scandal-hit Buddhist temple Reuters Child victims of Mosul battle fill emergency hospital Reuters Google adds audio-only calls to Duo, file sharing to Allo Reuters Reuters View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
null
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery IBM launches Hyperledger Fabric blockchain service for enterprises ReutersMar 20, 2017, 01.10 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit IBM BlockchainImage Credit Continue reading International Business Machines Corp has launched a service that will allow businesses to build applications on its cloud using blockchain code from the Hyperledger Project, the cross-industry group led by the Linux Foundation. The U.S. technology company said on Monday its new product called IBM Blockchain was the first service for developers to build enterprise-grade technology using Hyperledger Fabric, the first code set to be released by the open source group. The Fabric blockchain can process more than 1,000 transactions per second and has the necessary features to be used by large enterprises to build their applications, IBM said. It added it was working with technology company SecureKey Technologies and a group of Canadian banks to build a digital identity network using its new blockchain services. The network, set for launch later this year, is aimed at making it easier for consumers to prove their identities when accessing services such as new bank accounts, driver's licenses or utilities. Banks involved include Bank of Montreal, Royal Bank of Canada, Bank of Nova Scotia, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and Toronto-Dominion Bank. Blockchain, which emerged as the system running cryptocurrency bitcoin, is a digital shared record of transactions that is maintained by a network of computers on the internet, without the need of a centralized authority. Big businesses, including many of the world's largest banks, have been increasing their investment in the technology in hopes it can help them reduce the complexity and costs of some of their most burdensome processes, such as the settlement of securities or international payments. Technology companies and professional services firms have also been ramping up their investment in blockchain, as they race to capture the nascent market. IBM has been one of the most aggressive large technology companies on blockchain and has several large clients developing applications with the technology, including Northern Trust Corp, Wal-Mart Stores Inc and the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation. IBM said it had also tested a blockchain-based asset management platform for carbon assets with Chinese company Energy-Blockchain Labs. The companies aim to release the platform, built using the new IBM Blockchain, later this year. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: SecureKey TechnologiesLinux FoundationInternational Business Machinesibm blockchainIBMHyperledger ProjectHyperledger FabricFabric blockchaincryptocurrencyCanadian banksblockchain servicesBlockchainBitcoin Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us Next Story Vodafone India, Idea Cellular announce merger More from this author Dawn of man: Ethiopian jawbone fossil pushes back human origins Furry forerunners: Jurassic arboreal, burrowing mammals unearthed SpaceX blasts off Falcon 9 to put weather satellite into deep space Related stories Is IBM Building Its Own Digital Currency? IBM is hiring for these technologies! Pizza Shop: We're Being Extorted for Bitcoin. What's a Bitcoin? Facebook, Amazon, Google, IBM And Microsoft On One AI Platform PayPal Maybe Sorta Kinda Slightly Accepting Bitcoin Bitcoin Refuses to Just Die Already FROM THE WEB Adith Is fighting something Worse Than Cancer MILAAP Help This Pastor save his 4-yr-old Daughter! Milaap What were the headlines on the day you were born? Newspapers.com John F Kennedy Quiz: How Much Do You REALLY Know About JFK? HowStuffWorks Quizzes The Inside Of Leonardo Dicaprio's House Is Far From What Y.. Lonny Free Quick Start Developer Guide Microsoft MORE FROM GIZMODO Coded 4chan Post Hinted at Westminster Attack a Day in Adva Super Mario Run goes live on Google Play Store Lava launches Z25 and Z10 in India starting from Rs 11,500 Trump's Electronics Ban on Airplanes Makes Less Sense Every The Curiosity Rover's Wheels Aren't Looking So Good Yet another reason honeybees are screwed You May Like Help this Single Mother save her ill daughter Ad: MILAAP The Hottest Senior Living Communities Of 2017. View Pricin.. Ad: Senior Apartments Offers Huge Year End Clearance Deals on 2016 Pickup Trucks. Brows.. Ad: PickUpTrucksTips.com Moments Captured When It All Went So Wrong Ad: Auto Overload Start You Child's Life Right with This Gerber Life Insuran.. Ad: Gerber Life Insurance Company Hey IT, Ready for Conferencing without Chaos? Ad: Lifesize Editor's Pick Why Progressive Web Apps could be a threat to mobile apps ... Planning to cut the cord this summer? 10 reasons why you shouldn't bother ... Opera browser to be infused with artificial intelligence ... Hot Right Now Now share your real-time location on Google Maps Look No Further, Here Are The Top Sedans For 2016 Ad: VoteItUp Referrals Moto G5 Plus review: The pinnacle of affordable Android Adobe, Microsoft working together on artificial intelligence Hindustan Petroleum to upgrade units using Honeywell technology Google adds audio-only calls to Duo, file sharing to Allo BSNL launches plan to provide 2GB data per day at Rs 339 Xiaomi could unveil the Redmi 4A in India on March 20 Lava launches Z25 and Z10 in India starting from Rs 11,500 Micromax launching a phone on March 29. Is this the one? Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Trending on social Xiaomi could unveil the Redmi 4A in India on March 20 ... There Are 7 Types of Irish Last Names - Which One Is Yours? Ad: Ancestry Moto G5 Plus review: The pinnacle of affordable Android ... Lockheed Martin Has a Laser For the Army ... Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Gadgets Now Shop YU Yureka Note - 16 GB (Black) ₹ 8999BUY6"HD Display,3GB RAM Apple iPhone 7 - 256GB (Black) ₹ 67999BUY256 GB ROM, 12MP Cam Asus ZenFone 3S Max ZC521TL - 3GB (Gold) ₹ 15999BUY3GB RAM, 5000mAh Vodafone India, Idea Cellular announce merger Uber president Jeff Jones call it quits Idea Cellular to allow 2G, 3G, 4G data recharge for same price Report: Microsoft’s Surface Book 2 might lose its convertible nature Indie Art Week Carnival: Soul-stirring indie music with a dash of comedy Amazon Alexa arrives on the iPhone Google’s Motion Stills update on iOS improves Live Photos Twitter to allow media firms to directly live stream EXCLUSIVE: China's LeEco to sell Silicon Valley site amid cash crunch - sources 1IBM launches Hyperledger Fabric blockchain service for enterprises 2Vodafone India, Idea Cellular announce merger 3Uber president Jeff Jones call it quits 4Idea Cellular to allow 2G, 3G, 4G data recharge for same price 5Report: Microsoft’s Surface Book 2 might lose its convertible nature 6Indie Art Week Carnival: Soul-stirring indie music with a dash of comedy 7Amazon Alexa arrives on the iPhone 8Google’s Motion Stills update on iOS improves Live Photos 9Twitter to allow media firms to directly live stream 10EXCLUSIVE: China's LeEco to sell Silicon Valley site amid cash crunch - sources About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Huge Buffett and Icahn Trades Highlight Insider Buying: Transdigm, Herbalife, Navistar, Calavo Growers, Sears and More By Lee Jackson March 19, 2017 10:20 am EDT Print Email Tweet Another week in which the relentless strength of the stock market continued, albeit at a much slower pace. Despite a rate increase by the Federal Reserve, which had been well-telegraphed, stocks were able to still push higher. And like the previous week, insider buying remained stronger than we have seen for most of the first quarter. We cover insider buying each week at 24/7 Wall St., and we like to remind readers that while insider buying is usually a very positive sign, it is not in of itself a reason to run out and buy a stock. Sometimes insiders and 10% owners have stock purchase plans set up at intervals to add to their holdings. That aside, it still remains an overall positive indicator. Here are some of the companies that reported notable insider buying last week. Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway were big buyers this week, as they added shares of aircraft components maker Transdigm Group Inc. (NYSE: TDG), for which they also serve as a director. Berkshire Hathaway bought 104,967 shares of the stock at prices that ranged from $231.18 to $234.40 per share. The total for the trade came in at a massive $25 million. The shares closed trading last Friday at $240.05, so the timing looks good. The 52-week trading range for the stock is $214.65 to $294.38. The Wall Street consensus price target is pegged at $295.24. Another Wall Street legend was busy buying stock last week as well. Carl Icahn picked up a total of 372,324 shares of Herbalife Ltd. (NYSE: HLF) as he continued to add to his already sizable position. Icahn bought the shares at $51.35 apiece. The total for the purchase was posted at $19 million. Note that the stock closed the day on Friday at $56.45. The 52-week trading range is $47.62 to $72.22, and the consensus price objective is set at $68.25. Icahn also was a buyer last week of Navistar International Corp. (NYSE: NAV). He acquired a total of 423.404 shares of the truck and engine maker at prices that ranged from $25.37 to $25.92. The total for the buy was listed at $11 million. The stock closed Friday at $27.49, so it looks like another well-timed buy. The 52-week range for the shares is $10.30 to $33.46, and the consensus price target is $26.79. Calavo Growers Inc. (NASDAQ: CVGW) had the man at the top buying stock last week. CEO Lecil Cole purchased 95,000 shares of the avocados and other perishable foods distributor at prices between $55.44 and $56.92 a share. The total for the purchase was set at $5 million. The stock closed the day last Friday at $58.30, in a 52-week range of $48.745 to $71.48. The consensus price target is set at $73.17. Sears Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ: SHLD) had a buyer who is a director and a 10% owner of the company adding to holdings. Fairholme Capital acuired another 281,900 shares of the troubled retailer at prices that ranged from $8.33 to $8.82. The total for the buy was set at $3 million. The stock closed last Friday at $9.05. The 52-week range is $5.50 to $19.12, and the consensus price objective is a stunning $4.00. These companies also reported insider buying last week: Carrizo Oil and Gas Inc. (NASDAQ: CRZO), Medifast Inc. (NYSE: MED), Medley Capital Corp. (NYSE: MCC), Occidental Petroleum Corp. (NYSE: OXY) and Sotheby’s (NYSE: BID). Wal-Mart and Analog Devices were among those companies that saw notable insider selling last week. For the second week running the insiders were buying shares, and at these levels in the market, one would have to describe the action as bullish. With first-quarter earnings reporting ready to start in about three weeks, the windows to make transactions may be about to close, so that could explain some of the increase in volumes. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Lee Jackson « IPOs 4-for-4 Last Week with 2 On-Deck for the Week of March 20 Top 6 Earnings Coming Out This Week » Read more: Investing, featured, Insider Activity, Sotheby's (NYSE:BID), Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRZO), Herbalife Ltd. (NYSE:HLF), Navistar International Corp (NYSE:NAV), Occidental Petroleum Corp (NYSE:OXY), Sears Holdings (NASDAQ:SHLD), TransDigm Group (NYSE:TDG) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores The Worst Counties to Live In America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search These 2 Stocks Are Up Over 500% Over the Last 5 Years 3 Dumb Mistakes to Avoid When Closing on a Mortgage Five Below Scores Big for the Holidays Revisions show claims higher in 2017 than previously reported Four-week claims average rises 1,000 to 240,000 U.S. weekly jobless claims climb 15,000 to 258,000 Why Is Skechers (SKX) Up 12.7% Since the Last Earnings Report? Why Is AptarGroup (ATR) Up 4.4% Since the Last Earnings Report? PPG Confirms Rejection of Revised Offer by AkzoNobel Global stocks, sterling hold steady after London attack As Trump targets energy rules, oil companies downplay their impact Trump Tantrum looms on Wall Street if healthcare effort stalls Spoiler Alert: You're Probably Going to Fall Into This Credit Card Trap, and Here's Why Here's How to Find Great Tax Breaks You Might Have Missed Trust and Payments Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Business Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Fanli mulls China IPO, aims for 100 billion yuan of online trading  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Hong Kong weather Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business internet & e-commerce IPO IPO Fanli mulls China IPO, aims for 100 billion yuan of online trading Fanli.com gets a commission by directing shoppers to reputable online stores, and claims to have about 140 million customers, spending 30 billion yuan on its platform last year. PUBLISHED : Monday, 20 March, 2017, 8:16am UPDATED : Monday, 20 March, 2017, 5:50pm Comments:   Daniel Ren Share PrintEmail Related topics IPO Future tech Tech Trends Internet More on this story Companies Booming e-commerce growth is pushing China’s logistics system to its limit, promoting calls for improvements 23 Nov 2015 Global Economy Business leaders meeting in China propose global e-commerce platform to benefit smaller firms 4 Sep 2016 Companies China’s cross-border e-commerce trade facing uncertainties amid government regulation 8 Sep 2016 Other Sport Alibaba becomes major Olympic Games sponsor until 2028 19 Jan 2017 E-Commerce Chinese e-commerce sellers prefer Amazon for international access 20 Jul 2016 Related Articles Companies China’s mistress hunters cash in on cheaters 10 Mar 2017 Companies From ‘nude pics’ to a US$33b valuation – how Snap took on Facebook 5 Mar 2017 Start-ups Snap sparkles in debut, but surge could run out of steam 3 Mar 2017 Fanli.com, a Shanghai-based directory for online shopping funded by Walt Disney’s Steamboat Ventures, said it is considering an initial public offering on China’s A-shares market. “The accelerated IPO pace in China heightened our hopes for a share sale at home,” said the company’s founder and chief executive Gary Ge Yongchang, in an interview with the South China Morning Post. A domestic listing could help the Shanghai-based company with its target to more than triple the transaction value on its online platform to 100 billion yuan (US$14.5 billion) by 2020. Founded in 2006, Fanli earns a commission by directing shoppers to reputable online stores, and using cashback rebates to attract them. Among a dozen of so-called Chinese unicorns, or privately held technology firms surpassing US$1 billion in valuations, Fanli (返利) claims to have about 140 million customers, spending 30 billion yuan on its platform last year, a 40 per cent growth from 2015. Three of China’s largest internet technology companies – Tencent Holdings, Alibaba Group Holdings and Baidu – have all chosen either the US or Hong Kong as the market for raising their capital. That is a trend the Chinese market regulator is trying to change, as it offers incentives and fast-track procedures to attract Ant Financial, Zhong An Online Property & Casualty Insurance and other technology companies to list on either the Shanghai or Shenzhen exchanges. Regulators urged to have better understanding of tech firms to keep them listing in mainland Fanli, named by Deloitte as one of China’s top high-growth technology firms, earned nearly three billion yuan in 2016 revenue, or about 10 per cent of the total transaction value, Ge said, adding that the company is profitable. “When people go shopping, value for money is always their goal since they want to find the best products at the lowest prices,” said Ge. “We aim to expand our businesses to better tap the vast consumer market.” Fanli raised more than US$100 million of capital from investors such as Steamboat and Japanese internet retailer Rakuten. Ge, 36, said the company will focus on integrating its online and offline businesses to vie for a bigger share of China’s massive consumer market. It has launched a service that allows users to enjoy cashback rebates from physical stores. Shoppers who display the QR code of Fanli’s app to cashiers can receive rebates on their purchases, a benefit which is now available at 10,000 stores this year, Ge said. It will also launch the haitao (海掏) business – cross-border online shopping by mainland consumers – in April by partnering with retail giants such as Amazon.com and Wal-Mart Stores. Fanli also has a tie-up with the mainland’s top e-tailers such as Alibaba’s Taobao and JD.com to help online shops promote their products. “Our role in the e-commerce sector is to provide accurate marketing for retailers seeking to reach their target customers and help customers find the best products,” Ge said. “We have the technology that makes us well received by both buyers and sellers.” (Corrects the fifth paragraph to say “either the US or Hong Kong”)   Most Popular Viewed 1 The reason China won’t exert economic pressure on North Korea 2 What’s China central bank chief’s watch of choice? 3 European Commission fines Cathay €57m for cargo surcharges 4 China still banking on ‘irreplaceable’ central bank chief 5 Why the tide is turning against the US dollar Shared 1 European Commission fines Cathay €57m for cargo surcharges 2 What’s China central bank chief’s watch of choice? 3 The reason China won’t exert economic pressure on North Korea 4 Why the tide is turning against the US dollar 5 LeEco co-founder, global vice chairman resigns, on health grounds Commented 1 Cathay Pacific posts first loss since 2008 2 A family’s HK$200m bill during Hong Kong’s home sales weekend 3 Why Hong Kong is not yet ‘Asia’s World City’ 4 SHK’s Cullinan West flats start at almost HK$8 million 5 i-Cable’s demise has an important lesson about innovation       You may also like Society Meet the 105-year-old Filipino who inspired a film 19 Mar 2017 - 7:03am Smart-home control is at your fingertips In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Society The Chinese stars grabbing global attention 19 Mar 2017 - 11:03am 1 Soaring to new heights Sponsored by Mount Kelly International School Film & TV Hong Kong internet millionaire Kim Dotcom’s life hits the big screen 18 Mar 2017 - 7:30am 3 Hong Kong Meet the hero Hong Kong police officer who became a global sensation 18 Mar 2017 - 2:25pm 61 Opinion The dark side to Trump and Xi’s summit in the sun 20 Mar 2017 - 4:44pm 19 Insight & Opinion Another election in Hong Kong, another five years of the same 19 Mar 2017 - 5:37pm 8 China A new SpaceX? China developing system for recycling space rockets 18 Mar 2017 - 1:34pm 1 Hong Kong Job cuts expected as Cathay Pacific aims to slash management costs 17 Mar 2017 - 11:42pm 62 China Xi-Trump summit ‘set for April at Florida resort’ 20 Mar 2017 - 4:45pm 20 Hong Kong Hong Kong pay TV sector hits stormy weather 16 Mar 2017 - 9:05pm 5 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 19° Sunny High: 32° | Low: 19° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers News Posted March 19 Updated March 19 increase font size Maine public works crews playing whack-a-mole with potholes Gardiner, Waterville and other municipalities try to keep up with a rite of spring exacerbated by last week's blizzard. By Charles EichackerCentral Maine Follow on Twitter Email Writer 207-621-5642 Share Comment Read Article Public works officials in central Maine say the late winter’s recent thawing, followed by plunging temperatures and a blizzard last week, have exacerbated pothole problems across Kennebec County and the region. “This is a bad year for us; we’ve had a lot more problems than usual,” said Skowhegan Road Commissioner Greg Dore. “Roads are starting to crack and fall apart.” A driver in Skowhegan maneuvers around the potholes on one side of Main Street last week. Staff photo by David Leaming Snow melts near potholes on Greenwood Road in Skowhegan, where one official says he's seen "a lot more problems than usual." Staff photo by David Leaming A car splashes through a pothole at the corner of Water and Bridge streets, a section plagued by the holes in Gardiner. Staff photo by Joe Phelan Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → The culprit is the freeze-thaw cycle, public works directors say, and while crews try to keep up with the road hazards that crop up regularly, it’s an annual battle and a rite of early spring, which arrives Monday In southern Kennebec County, Gardiner Public Works crews have been filling potholes with temporary patching materials as drivers report them. Gardiner Public Works Director Tony LaPlante said the cycle of rain and freezing that came earlier this winter has forced crews to return several times to the same heavily traveled areas. He called one prominent pothole at the intersection of the heavily traveled Water and Bridge streets a “frequent flier” for crews. Although they have applied a short-term, cold-weather patch to the hole several times, those patches come off when water gets underneath and freezes. His crews also make frequent repairs on Maine Avenue, the road that connects Gardiner to Farmingdale and Hallowell. “We fill ’em as quickly as they become evident,” LaPlante said. “We’re just trying to get by until spring.” Crews have to balance the needs of keeping potholes at bay against the risk that more snow could fall, LaPlante said. BLIZZARD ADDED TO PROBLEM Potholes are not unique to Gardiner. Across the region, public works crews are doing battle with the bane of drivers everywhere it’s cold in the winter. Waterville Public Works Director Mark Turner said the city has a few areas with significant pothole problems. In particular, he said the upper section of Main Street toward Interstate 95 has been the source of complaints. “That’s been our biggest problem area,” Turner said, while noting that a few sections of Spring Street had also been nuisances in terms of potholes. Both streets are owned by the state, he said, and are scheduled for summer repair work. Streets and roads fall into disrepair in the spring because of thawing and moisture from melting snow getting into cracks in the road, Turner said. When the water re-freezes it expands, enlarging cracks or lifting the pavement and opening the door to potholes. The mid-March blizzard that struck the state Tuesday did not do the streets any favors. The snow leads to more freezing and thawing and more plow trucks traveling the roads. As a result, Turner said crews will patrol the problem areas searching for places that need repair. In addition to Main Street and Spring Street, Turner said Gilman Street is also a problem area for potholes, and is also scheduled for summer repairs by the state. Hazelwood Avenue and the Concourse were also noted as problem areas. But Turner said crews check roads regularly. “Throughout the city it’s sporadic. We try to get to all of them as we can,” he said. So far this winter, Dan Brooks, the service manager at Capitol Car Care in Augusta, said he hasn’t noticed many serious accidents involving potholes. COLD PATCH ONLY A SHORT-TERM FIX While it’s tempting to seek redress from cities and towns for pothole-induced damage, state law says the damage is not the responsibility of cities or towns as long as a municipality addresses the pothole within 24 hours of being notified of its existence. Turner said that law protects cities and towns, but it does not apply if a city is doing some kind of renovation to the road and leaves it in disrepair or poor condition; it applies only to conditions caused naturally. In Skowhegan, roads have been hit hard this winter, especially after the recent storm, said Dore, the road commissioner. “We definitely have our fair share of potholes,” Dore said. “When it snows and the salt melts it and when the cold patch gets wet like that, it gets in the potholes and it pounds back out again.” He said his road crews did some cold patching of potholes a few days before last week’s snow, and now have to go back out to refill the holes with more cold patch. “It’s a vicious cycle,” he said. “Once we can get some hot top on the roads we’ll be able to fix them right so they’ll last, but this time of year all you can do is cold patch.” He said his crews are constantly playing catch-up with potholes. Bad spots in Skowhegan include Greenwood Avenue that leads to the highway department, where the edge of the road heaved so melting snow can’t get to the catch basins. Other areas include East River Road and Madison Avenue by the entrance to Wal-Mart. Dore said there is a product called aqua pavement or aquaphalt – compounds of asphalt and concrete – that works very well on heavily traveled areas, but it is also very expensive. His crews use reclaimed, ground-up asphalt from summer paving jobs as an inexpensive alternative to cold patch. Staff writers Doug Harlow and Colin Ellis contributed to this report. Charles Eichacker can be contacted at 621-5642 or at: [email protected] Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Maine's low temperatures for March 23, 2017: ColdTrac U.S. routs Puerto Rico to win World Baseball Classic LePage says Congress should slow down on health-care overhaul Horoscopes for March 23, 2017 House Republican health bill on the brink hours from showdown vote Feature obituary: Loss of Windham High graduate leaves a hole in the community After 40 years, Wiscasset mourns the loss of landmark restaurant Mainers would pay up to 7 times more in premiums under House Republican ACA replacement bill Lost: A special report LePage says he might retire outside Maine because of tax hike, other ballot initiatives Woman who adopted plant-based diet, saw MS symptoms fade will speak at nutrition conference Mainers would pay up to 7 times more in premiums under House Republican ACA replacement bill Freeport girl and her pet duck will be on national TV tonight Bill Nemitz: One comma left out gives judge pause in Oakhurst overtime case Sen. Collins says she can't support House health care plan in current form BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
