Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Highbridge Capital Management LLC Invests $13,667,000 in InterXion Holding N.V. (INXN) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Has $14,245,000 Position in Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (DPS) Owens Corning Inc (OC) Position Increased by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Toronto Dominion Bank (The) (TD) Position Increased by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Decreases Stake in Eversource Energy (ES) Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $925,000 Stake in Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS) Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Stake Raised by Moors & Cabot Inc. Capital World Investors Continues to Hold Position in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK) Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Position Boosted by Capital World Investors Duke Energy Corporation (DUK) Position Lowered by Capital World Investors Capital World Investors Sells 3,000,000 Shares of American International Group, Inc. (AIG) Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Shares Sold by Baker Avenue Asset Management LP Capital International Investors Has $151,632,000 Stake in Ctrip.com International, Ltd. (CTRP) Weatherford International PLC (WFT) Bonds Drop 0.8% During Trading RBF Capital LLC Has $694,000 Stake in PGT, Inc. (PGTI) RBF Capital LLC Has $736,000 Position in Cogent Communications Holdings, Inc. (CCOI) J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) Position Decreased by U S Global Investors Inc. Wyndham Worldwide Corp (WYN) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Owens Corning Inc (OC) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Position Boosted by Commonwealth Equity Services Inc January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Commonwealth Equity Services Inc raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 4.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 371,712 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 15,166 shares during the period. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $26,808,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management purchased a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth $100,000. Seven Eight Capital LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth $111,000. Piershale Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares in the last quarter. Hartford Financial Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 3.9% in the third quarter. Hartford Financial Management Inc. now owns 2,261 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $163,000 after buying an additional 85 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Kanaly Trust Co increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 27.7% in the second quarter. Kanaly Trust Co now owns 2,255 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $165,000 after buying an additional 489 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 28.80% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) opened at 67.13 on Monday. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a one year low of $60.20 and a one year high of $75.19. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $70.03 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.24. The firm has a market cap of $206.30 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.56 and a beta of 0.10. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.03 earnings per share. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Position Boosted by Commonwealth Equity Services Inc” was first posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-position-boosted-by-commonwealth-equity-services-inc.html. A number of analysts recently weighed in on WMT shares. Vetr upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.98 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, September 19th. Jefferies Group set a $86.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 4th. Guggenheim started coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday, September 30th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price target on the stock. KeyCorp set a $90.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 7th. Finally, Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 7th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $74.84. In other news, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 245,328 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,760,808.96. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Around AOTF × All News Reviews Opinion Videos Guides Rumors Platforms Xbox One PlayStation 4 PC Games Nintendo Switch Mobile Games More Contact Us Write at AOTF Ethics Privacy Attack of the Fanboy News Where Can You Still Pre-Order The Nintendo Switch? Share Tweet by Dean James on January 16, 2017 The Nintendo Switch has definitely had some mixed reception since Nintendo’s presentation last Thursday that announced the console’s price, release date, and games lineup, but that hasn’t stopped it from selling out all over the place. Following the end of the presentation, most of the main nationwide retailers in the US put up pre-orders online for the console and sold out, so now the question remains, is there anywhere left to pre-order the Nintendo Switch? Walmart was the first of the main retailers to put their pre-orders up last Thursday night, followed by Best Buy, GameStop, Amazon, and Target in that order. Walmart seemed to sell out in mere minutes, with lots of people getting cancellation emails after, but they put more back up a bit later. Best Buy had them up for awhile as well, but GameStop sold out pretty quickly at first. Amazon and Target were mostly the same as well, though GameStop put them back up for pre-order and they lasted for a few days. As of the time of this writing, none of the major nationwide US retailers have the Nintendo Switch available for pre-order online. GameStop has since reported that they have sold through their allotment of the system, though some say that this includes open pre-orders allotted to stores that may still be available, but that will depend on your local GameStop. The actual in-store pre-orders started on Friday morning and had stores putting signs up detailing the number of units they would have available for pre-order at opening, which you could pre-order by putting down $50. The morning after the first pre-orders went up, Walmart also started advertising the ability to go in-store and pre-order the Switch at the in-store pickup counter by putting 10% down, which would be $30. They stated that this would be available for a limited time, but this is still being advertised on their website. However, you will definitely have to check in store to see if that is still the case. Considering the pre-orders are completely gone on the website for now though, you may be out of luck. At this point, your best bets are to check with your local GameStop or Walmart in-store and see if they are still taking pre-orders for the Nintendo Switch. GameStop has already said that they have contacted Nintendo about trying to get more pre-order allotment, so keep an eye on the website for more to potentially go up. We do not know if the other retailers like Amazon may have more pre-order allotments that they will put up prior to the system’s release, but I’d definitely keep checking. In addition, Toys R Us is kind of the wild card here as they have not done pre-orders that I am aware of. The website just has a general Nintendo Switch information page right now, so it’s possible they will put pre-orders up online before release, or potentially do them in-store as they’ve offered in the past with consoles. At this point, we really have no idea if the Nintendo Switch will be hard to find at launch, and if so, for how long. The Wii was near impossible to find for over a year in stores, but the Wii U was everywhere at launch, even though it sold out of initial pre-orders. Our best advice is to keep looking out and hopefully you’ll be able to snag one. Say SomethingGameaggendon Giveaway $250 Best Buy Gift Card More About Nintendo Switch Nintendo Releases New Switch UI Details Nintendo’s been releasing a drip feed of details about the Switch, their console/handheld hybrid that launches on March 3rd, but now we have a better idea about how the UI (user interface) works. Pictured above, we can see several menus,... Nintendo Switch Pro Controller FCC Approval Should Mean Pre-Orders Are Coming Soon Nintendo Switch: What We Know and Heat Check EA Exec Says Nintendo Has Been Listening To Third Parties With Nintendo Switch Resident Evil 7 Not Coming to Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch has Over 80 Games in Development Right Now Related Popular Nintendo Switch Content Nintendo Switch Pro Controller FCC Approval Should Mean Pre-Orders Are Coming Soon The Nintendo Switch was fully unveiled nearly two weeks ago and with that came the barrage of accessories that will be releasing for the system. While the system itself comes with the two JoyCon controllers, an alternate option is the... Nintendo Switch will have Paid Online Multiplayer Starting Fall 2017 Update: More details can be found here, such as the differences between free and paid subscriptions, which seem to amount to access to basic features for free members. Subscribers will also get free goodies, like NES and SNES VC games with... Nintendo: “Breath of the Wild” is Final Wii U Game The writing has been on the wall for a while now, but Nintendo has made it official: the next Zelda game is the final Nintendo-produced title for the Wii U. Speaking with Polygon after the Nintendo Switch event in New... Resident Evil 7 Not Coming to Nintendo Switch While PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC owners will be getting their hands on Resident Evil 7 very soon, those hoping that the horror franchise will arrive on the Nintendo Switch may be disappointed by recent comments by developers. Accordingto... Nintendo Switch Will Support MicroSDXC Cards Up To 2 TB The Nintendo Switch finally had its grand unveiling during a live presentation in Tokyo, Japan this past Thursday. In that presentation, the actual system information was somewhat limited, but further reports after provided more info. During yesterday’s Nintendo Treehouse Live,... Why Nintendo’s Conference Made Me Not Want to Buy a Switch When the Nintendo Switch was first announced back in October, I was pleasantly surprised to find myself actually interested in the console. Now I haven’t owned (nor wanted) a Nintendo console since the SNES, so this was quite the revelation... Rumor: Nintendo Switch Will Offer GameCube Games On Its Virtual Console, Upgrade Program For Older Systems The Nintendo Switch was officially announced back in late October after being known as the NX for awhile, with the full reveal set for January 12. In the meantime, we’ve seen plenty of rumors coming out and the latest definitely... Nintendo Switch: What We Know and Heat Check Now that we are comfortably away from ground zero of the Nintendo Switch announcement and the hyperbole, both positive and negative, has subsided, it’s time to take stock in what we have here. The previously titled Nintendo Nx is now... Titanfall 2 Won’t Fit On Nintendo Switch, Says Respawn With the release of the Nintendo Switch on the horizon and ports of certain games coming to the console this year, it’s naturally going to be common to wonder what other recent games might be coming to the console. We... Nintendo Switch Video Actor Reveals More News About The Console/Controllers A new interview has been conducted with one of the actors that featured in the Nintendo Switch commercial/reveal trailer. He says some interesting things about his experience. The interview was conducted by GameXplain and they spoke to  Nicky. He’s one... © 2013 Modern Media Group LLC All rights reserved. | Attack of the Fanboy | Video Game News & Reviews facebook.com/attackofthefanboy twitter.com/FanboyAttack youtube.com/FanboyAttack RSS Google+
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 16 January 2017 | MYT 1:25 PM Wal-Mart’s leadership expands executive roles in online push Online push: The management changes come at a time when Wal-Mart is cutting thousands of back-office jobs in an effort to focus more on e-commerce, cut costs and have more employees on the sales floor. — Reuters Wal-Mart Stores Inc announced a management shuffle that integrates the running of its physical outlets and online operations, and extends broader authority to the former head of online retailer Jet.com, which Wal-Mart bought for US$3.3bil (RM14.73bil) last year.  It was the second time Wal-Mart has shuffled its e-commerce decks after it acquired Jet.com in August and appointed Marc Lore to run its e-commerce business. In November, Wal-Mart announced a number of management changes and said Jet.com co-founder Nate Faust would lead fulfilment operations for both Jet.com and Wal-Mart.com.  Among the changes announced on Jan 13, Wal-Mart said Jeremy King, who was the chief technology officer of global e-commerce for Wal-Mart Stores, will oversee the technology teams for both its brick and mortar retail stores and its e-commerce business. Michael Bender, chief operating officer for e-commerce, will leave the company.  Tony Rogers, the chief marketing officer of Wal-Mart in the United States, will now also oversee online marketing efforts as the company shifts its focus to building its websites and e-commerce offerings.  Wal-Mart also appointed GE Power executive Clay Johnson as the new chief information officer. Johnson will replace Karenann Terrell, who will leave in February.  "These changes continue to show Lore is putting his stamp on the business," said Brian Yarbrough, senior research analyst with Edward Jones. "It remains to be seen how effective this will be."  The departures are a sign that Wal-Mart's struggling online business will get a drastic makeover under Lore, who started out in e-commerce with Diapers.com, which he eventually sold to Amazon.com Inc in 2010 for US$550mil (RM2.45bil). Lore is likely to stay with Wal-Mart for at least five years, according to filings.  The changes announced on Jan 13 are also part of a broader push by Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon to narrow the gap with Amazon and to give it an even more dominant position in US e-commerce. The retailer has been investing in e-commerce for the past 15 years, but it still lags far behind its Seattle-based rival.  The management changes come at a time when Wal-Mart is cutting thousands of back-office jobs in an effort to focus more on e-commerce, cut costs and have more employees on the sales floor  Analysts expect such executive shuffles to continue as Wal-Mart keeps integrating Jet.com into its business.  "Wal-Mart clearly isn't done reconfiguring its e-commerce operation and still has work to do," said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research.  He said a lot of companies are combining oversight of their store and online operations with the goal of having a single retail organisation, as Apple Inc did last year. — Reuters You May Be Interested Microsoft profit up as demand for cloud service soars Xiaomi exec Barra joins Facebook to lead virtual reality business Western Digital's profit, revenue beat estimates Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Philippine troops kill 15 Islamic State supporters; rebel leader wounded Making it a halal affair to foster unity Ponkan oranges choice of the season advertisement Latest News China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Alphabet posts strong revenue growth, higher taxes hit earnings Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 Most Viewed in Tech China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Taxes Sponsored by TurboTax Tax refund advances get big marketing push in 2017 USA TODAY Susan Tompor 1/15/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Beware These 10 Common and Costly Tax Mistakes Hate Tax Season? These 4 Tips Will Help You Get It Over With © Susan Tompor H&R Block promotes its Refund Advance program on storefront windows, like one in Hazel Park in early January. It's going to be hard to turn on the TV, drive past a tax preparation storefront or walk into a Walmart early into this tax season and not be deluged with pitches for fast-cash, refund-related loans at 0%.  H&R Block, Jackson Hewitt and others are fighting for market share and trying to lock in customers who might otherwise turn to an online competitor, like TurboTax. The strategy is to heavily market easy money loans for a limited time — typically through February — to struggling tax filers who benefit from the Earned Income Tax Credit but now face added delays for early refund money.  Consumers who might receive refunds of $4,000 or more thanks to the Earned Income Tax Credit now are told not to expect refund money until Feb. 27, a few weeks later than usual. Experts say early filers still should file in January and February, like usual, as waiting might drag out the process even more.   The 0% pitches come at a time when the working poor and moderate-income families are particularly vulnerable because they turn to early tax refunds to cover winter heating bills and other expenses.  "They expect refunds at a certain time," said Chi Chi Wu, staff attorney for the National Consumer Law Center. "These are families who can use every penny they can get." But the rules changed this tax season, thanks to a push in Congress to combat fraud and crooks who steal IDs to file fake tax returns that tap into generous tax credits, like the EITC, to rip off the federal government.  H&R Block estimates some 15 million tax filers who receive the EITC and often file early could face delays.  "With this client, there are real needs for cash," said William Cobb, CEO of H&R Block.  On Monday, H&R Block rolled out its Refund Advance product,  which is being pitched as a 0% interest loan with no finance charges.  The H&R Block tax-related loan will be made in the amounts of $500, $750, or $1,250 upfront, based on the eligibility of the client.  Refund Advance is offered by H&R Block through a partnership with MetaBank, a federal savings bank based in Sioux Falls, S.D., which can provide up to $1.6 billion of such loans to H&R Block customers.  The loan itself is available if the tax filer is projected to have a tax refund of at least $1,000. The H&R Block loan is only available in H&R Block offices, not online.  "We're driven to get more clients," Cobb said. "This is about as consumer-friendly as you can get."  Refunds will be later This tax season, many tax filers on the edge could very well take a second look at such products.  Beginning this year, the IRS by law cannot release tax refunds for returns that claim Earned Income Tax Credit or the Additional Child Tax Credit until Feb. 15. The Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 — known as the PATH Act — put these extra hurdles into place as a way to combat fraud and ID theft.  Realistically, tax experts say it could be until Feb. 27 or so by the time many early tax filers receive their refund cash. It's not a small point for many families. "For most Americans who file in January and February, they really rely on their refund as one of their biggest checks of the year," said David Prokupek, CEO of Jackson Hewitt.  Prokupek said some $50 billion of refunds could be delayed as a result of the new law and many consumers will want some product to deal with those kind of numbers. "No one has that much spare change lying around," Prokupek said. Jackson Hewitt offers loans Jackson Hewitt's Express Refund Advance is marketed as a loan with no fees, a 0% annual percentage rate and no credit check. Jackson Hewitt's Express Refund Advance offers loans in amounts of $250, $500, $750, $1,000 and $1,300 — again depending on what the customer is approved for by MetaBank. For example, someone who is likely to get a $500 tax refund might qualify for a $250 advance.  Jackson Hewitt kicked off its tax season in late November by offering a way for taxpayers to prequalify for an Express Refund Advance by answering a few questions on www.ExpressRefundAdvance.com. Early loans could even be granted with just a pay stub — not W-2s, which are to be out by Jan. 31.  Shoppers at Walmart — Jackson Hewitt has tax service operations in 3,000 Walmart stores — are seeing signs in the store promoting the new refund advance product.  Again, the advance loans are only available if you go to a Walmart location or one of Jackson Hewitt's storefronts. You cannot obtain the loans online.  "Handing out money over the Internet without seeing your face or ID is not something we want to do," Prokupek said.  To get the loan, you will have to pay to file your taxes with Jackson Hewitt. And if you take out a refund advance at H&R Block, you'd have to file your taxes with H&R Block. The advances would be repaid with actual tax refund money when that's issued.  If you qualify for the Jackson Hewitt advance product, customers can receive the money via direct deposit or loaded onto an American Express Serve Card at no charge. One promotion offers customers who opt for the American Express prepaid card a $50 Walmart gift card. "Consumers are spending their refund dollars at Walmart," Prokupek said. With the American Express Serve card, consumers can withdraw cash for free at MoneyPass-branded ATMs, which are listed online at www.moneypass.com.  Consumers would pay a $3.50 American Express Serve fee for withdrawing cash at non-MoneyPass ATMs. And it's possible that the ATM operator may also charge a fee.   The H&R Block loan is loaded onto a H&R Block Emerald Prepaid MasterCard. You'd pay a $3 fee at ATMs for withdrawing cash. You can avoid added surcharge fees by getting cash at MoneyPass ATMs or Allpoint ATMs in 7-Eleven and CVS stores. Ask before you sign up So what are the questions consumers need to ask, if they're tempted by 0% refund advances?  One concern: How much will tax preparation services cost you? Financially strapped tax filers could be tempted to pay up to a few hundred dollars or so for tax preparation services instead of using free services, if they want to gain access to advance loans. Tax filers who qualify for the Earned Income Tax Credit  risk forgoing free tax preparation services via volunteer tax assistance programs, such as those offered by AARP and the Accounting Aid Society.  In addition, the Internal Revenue Service estimates that 70% of the nation’s taxpayers are eligible for IRS Free File where software is available to those with incomes of $64,000 or less. See www.irs.gov.   "A taxpayer should ask about the costs involved with their tax preparation and any related products offered so they can make informed decisions," said Marshall Hunt, certified public accountant and director of tax policy for the Accounting Aid Society's tax assistance program in Detroit. Other potential costs: How much will it cost you to get your money via a prepaid card? While many cards offer services with no fees, review potential fees with the card, including what it would cost you to go to an ATM to get money.  For example, the Jackson Hewitt product offers no-fee transactions at MoneyPass ATMs but transactions at non-MoneyPass ATMs have a $3.50 American Express Serve fee. And it's possible that the operator of the ATM you use also charges another fee. If you don't use one of these prepaid cards for two months or so, you could be hit with inactivity fees each month.  Wu, of the National Consumer Law Center, says there's always a concern that unscrupulous tax preparers could pad fees to borrowers. And she warns that consumers would want to consider any hidden fees and possible add-on fees if they opted for another product, like a refund anticipation check. In some cases, advocates warned that consumers can be hit with fees of $25 to $60 for refund anticipation checks.  Consumers who face delays should consider contingency plans. Prioritize paying rent and utilities. Do not expect a tax refund to arrive like it did last year to pay those bills, especially if you receive the EITC. Even with the advance loans, consumers need to realize that there are limits on how much advance cash will be available.  Contact Susan Tompor: stompor@freepress.com or 313-222-8876. Follow her on Twitter @Tompor.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More in Taxes Hate Tax Season? These 4 Tips Will Help You Get It Over With While getting a tax refund is fun, preparing and filing your taxes rarely is as fun.&nbsp; Credit.com Free IRS Tax Help Begins Friday The IRS Free File program is now available to taxpayers who qualify. Money Talks News also is offering a discount on more comprehensive tax help. MoneyTalksNews 7 Tax Breaks Every First-Time Homebuyer Must Know Find out which home-related tax breaks can put money back in your pocket. GOBankingRates Why NJ is the worst state for taxes -- and WY is the best It’s hard to avoid paying taxes, but there are usually ways to reduce what you owe. Just ask any company considering a relocation to a different state. Employers favor states with more lenient tax structures to promote business... Fiscal Times Tax mistakes everyone makes -- and how to avoid them Learn how to avoid the mistakes that can lead to a tax audit and penalties. GOBankingRates Pop Quiz: Is It Better to Have a Tax Credit or a Tax Deduction? It's that time once again, but don't despair. Here's a chance to test your tax IQ -- and sharpen your tax-slashing skills. MoneyTalksNews AdChoices TurboTax Tools & Calculators TurboTax Calculator: TaxCaster Estimator TurboTax Calculator: W-4 Withholding Calculator TurboTax Donation Tracker: ItsDeductible TurboTax Tool: Where's My Refund? More from TurboTax Standard Mileage vs. Actual Expenses: Getting the Biggest Tax Deduction Beginner's Tax Guide for the Self-Employed Important Tax Deadlines & Dates 5 IRS Penalties You Want to Avoid When Married Filing Separately Will Save You Taxes AdChoices More From USA TODAY Trump gives Bannon NSC role USA TODAY Airbnb offers free housing for refugees USA TODAY Peter Thiel: Ban is not religious test USA TODAY Protests erupt at U.S. airports over ban on refugees USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Receives $25.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Horizon Global Corporation (HZN) Receives $19.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte S.A.B. de C.V. (OMAB) PT at $90.50 Brokerages Set Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Price Target at $35.50 Emera Inc (EMA) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 30th Short Interest in Pernix Therapeutics Holdings, Inc. (PTX) Grows By 23.0% South State Corporation (SSB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Indivior PLC (INDV) Receives GBX 367.14 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Target Price at $36.75 Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Receives $31.75 Average Price Target from Analysts TrovaGene, Inc. (TROV) Receives $6.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (INO) Receives $13.59 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Mistras Group Inc (MG) Price Target at $48.25 Brokerages Set Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Price Target at $109.62 Analysts Set American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Target Price at $53.00 Globant S.A. (GLOB) Receives $38.55 Consensus Target Price from Analysts AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts Richardson Electronics, Ltd. (RELL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 24th Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Declares $0.29 Quarterly Dividend Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Position Raised by Ausdal Financial Partners Inc. January 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Ausdal Financial Partners Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 1.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 6,531 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 119 shares during the period. Ausdal Financial Partners Inc.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $471,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in WMT. Bank of Montreal Can bought a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth about $309,966,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 24.3% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 7,418,449 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $541,665,000 after buying an additional 1,449,033 shares during the last quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 48.6% in the second quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 3,530,687 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $257,811,000 after buying an additional 1,154,142 shares during the last quarter. State of Tennessee Treasury Department increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 106.3% in the second quarter. State of Tennessee Treasury Department now owns 1,776,912 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $129,751,000 after buying an additional 915,662 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Analytic Investors LLC increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 177.7% in the second quarter. Analytic Investors LLC now owns 1,185,161 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $86,540,000 after buying an additional 758,373 shares during the last quarter. 28.81% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded down 1.24% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $67.13. The stock had a trading volume of 10,012,519 shares. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a one year low of $60.20 and a one year high of $75.19. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $70.03 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.24. The company has a market cap of $206.30 billion, a PE ratio of 14.56 and a beta of 0.10. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The business earned $118.20 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $1.03 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Position Raised by Ausdal Financial Partners Inc.” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/15/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-position-raised-by-ausdal-financial-partners-inc.html. A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on WMT. Vetr raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.98 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, September 19th. Buckingham Research set a $70.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, September 28th. Barclays PLC raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their price target for the company from $70.00 to $87.00 in a report on Thursday, September 22nd. Citigroup Inc. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Monday, October 3rd. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co set a $75.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 4th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $74.84. In other news, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 245,328 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,760,808.96. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 20° F Clear Wind E at 2 MPH Pressure 1040 MB Dewpoint 11° F Visibility 9 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Social Junction Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Blotter, Jan. 15, 2017 By Staff Saturday, January 14, 2017 Television thieves sought Crime Stoppers of Mesa Count is asking for help to find the person suspected of stealing a television from Walmart Oct. 23. At about 1:40 a.m., security cameras at Walmart, 2545 Rimrock Ave., captured a white male wearing a gray hoodie with an “XD Series” logo on the front and back, blue jeans and a red and black baseball cap removing a 50-inch Vizio 4K television from the store, according to Crime Stoppers information. He fled through an emergency door to a waiting four-door passenger car. When an employee tried following, the car’s driver, who was wearing a black mask, pointed a .45-caliber handgun at the employee, who returned inside the store, according to Crime Stoppers information. Anyone with information about the crime should call 241-7867. Information is anonymous and if it leads to an arrest can earn up to $1,000. For more information go to http://www.241stop.com.   According to the Mesa County Sheriff’s Office: ■ Deputies contacted a 94-year-old man Thursday morning driving under 30 mph and weaving across the eastbound lanes of Interstate 70. The man was confused and unable to safely operate the vehicle, so his caregivers were contacted and they drove him home. ■ A trash pump was stolen from a construction site near 29 1/2 and Sunset roads Thursday afternoon. ■ Deputies responded to the 500 block of 32 Road Friday morning to remove a subject who reportedly was causing a scene. COMMENTS Commenting is not available in this channel entry. TOP JOBS Class A Cdl Drivers w/Tanker HasmatDay/Night & Winch TruckDrivers for Northern Physician Colorado Canyons Hospital and Medical CenterFamily ... Plumbing Apprenticeship Program Western Slope JATCis seeking applicants for ourPlumbingApprentice... Property Management Supervisor Grand JunctionHousing Authorityseeks a multi-family p... Outside Sales Representative Outside SalesRepresentativeMays Construction Specialties i... Communications Specialist Grand Valley Power, an equal opportunity employer, is seeking a quali... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants emergency stay temporarily HALTING deportation of visa holders detained at US airports after nationwide protests Uber CEO pledges to compensate 'thousands of its drivers' affected by Trump's immigration ban after critics accuse the company of 'colluding with Trump' Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow among several stars to celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to match up to $100,000 in donations to the ACLU What does the emergency stay of execution mean for detained travelers and what happens next? Female intruder snuck into GOP retreat using fake credentials saying she was a congressman's wife on the day of Trump's speech in embarrassing security breach Snack smugglers beware! Posh New York theater shames movie fans bringing in their own food and warns culprits they will be forced to eat in isolation  New York plans to install vast system of facial recognition cameras that matches drivers licenses to social media accounts at bridges and tunnels  FedEx delivery driver lauded as a hero after stopping protesters from lighting American flag on fire Distraught woman facing deportation to Chile attempts suicide at JFK Airport 24 hours before Trump's immigration ban Decapitated bodies of three police officers are found in southern Mexico in suspected cartel-related torture and slaying  Florida grandmother is arrested after she 'stabbed her daughter and murdered her son' while her two blood-stained grandchildren watched in horror 10 people injured in mass shooting during party at National Guard Armory building in Tennessee California Governor Jerry Brown to get further prostate cancer treatment starting in February but will maintain his full work schedule 'Let them eat cake': Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5,000 gown with Jared ahead of swanky dinner amid deportation row  Iran will retaliate against Trump's immigration ban by 'limiting visas to American tourists' - as Canadian PM Trudeau says they will take in anyone refused by the U.S.  Chaos at JFK: Protesters descend on airport after 12 travelers are held overnight in confusion at Trump immigration ban - with only two released 'We are equals': Trump and Putin vow to maintain 'regular personal contact' in their first call, discuss international terror and peace in the Middle East - but avoid talking about U.S. sanctions against Russia Trump gives Pentagon 30 days to come up with ISIS strategy as he restructures National Security Council to give Steve Bannon a regular seat  Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be turned around at the border under Trump's executive order  NBA calls for Trump to clarify his immigration ban as players including Sudanese-born Luol Deng and Thon Maker face travel problems British Olympic gold medal winner Mo Farah faces being BANNED from returning to his family in America under Trump's immigration crackdown on people from his Somali homeland 'We wouldn't exist without immigration': Apple CEO Tim Cook slams Trump's executive order as Mark Zuckerberg and Google lead the outcry from Silicon Valley 'Trump is right!' Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu hails the president's border plans because the wall separating them from Egypt is a 'great success' Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic jihadist immigrants Previous Next Orlando police search abandoned country club for wanted man who gunned down a cop ONE WEEK ago after 'killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend' Search for suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd, 41, continued through weekend Police zeroed in on the abandoned Rosemont Country Club and a wooded area  They did not find any signs that Loyd had been there  Loyd is accused of fatally shooting Orlando Police Department Master Sgt. Debra Clayton last Monday in a Walmart parking lot Shooting happened when Clayton recognized him as being wanted in the December murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon  A $100,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his arrest  Police are asking anyone who knows his location to please call 1-800-423-TIPS By Regina F. Graham For Dailymail.com Published: 09:57 EST, 16 January 2017 | Updated: 20:35 EST, 16 January 2017 e-mail 10 shares 1 View comments Markeith Loyd (right) is a 41-year-old felon suspected of killing a police officer last week The intense manhunt for a man suspected of killing an Orlando police officer a week ago focused on an abandoned country building on Sunday.  The search for Markeith Loyd has expanded beyond Orlando since he allegedly fatally shot Orlando Police Department Master Sgt. Debra Clayton last Monday in the parking lot of a Walmart.  Clayton recognized Loyd as being the suspect wanted for the December murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend Sade Dixon. Police said they searched the abandoned Rosemont Country Club and a nearby wooded area on Sunday for the 41-year-old fugitive, but did not find any signs that he had been there, WOFL reported.  That exact same area was closed off and on lock down last week when Clayton was shot and killed.   Orlando Police Department Master Sgt. Debra Thomas Clayton (left) was shot dead outside of a Walmart last Monday allegedly by Loyd. Hours later, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis (right) was killed in a crash while searching for Loyd  Police said they searched the abandoned Rosemont Country Club and a nearby wooded area on Sunday for the 41-year-old fugitive (above on Sunday) Heavily armed officers and SWAT team members (above) did not find any signs that Loyd, who is a felon, had been there  Hundreds of law enforcement officers have been scouring the area for Loyd since the tragic shooting of Clayton, who was a mother and 17-year veteran of the force.  Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was one of the officers who was involved in the initial search for Loyd, but died when he was thrown from his patrol motorcycle hours after Clayton was killed.  On Saturday, Clayton was laid to rest on during an emotional funeral that saw hundreds of officers, friends and family members pay tribute to the fallen officer who was said to be an active member of the community and loved helping others. During the ceremony, Clayton was posthumously promoted to lieutenant, as she was remembered to be someone who made every effort to bridge the gap between law enforcement and the community.  Sade Dixon (left) was gunned down by Loyd (right) outside her home in Pine Hills, Orlando, on December 13, police say  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Body of Utah man 'lay in public park for three weeks after... California community accuses dog-hating neighbor of shooting... Share this article Share Authorities suspected that Loyd was receiving help to avoid being captured.  Police arrested three people including, one of his former supervisor's at the fried chicken restaurant where he worked, a niece and an ex-girlfriend, on charges related to helping him.   Orlando police Chief John Mina said they haven’t been cooperative. Authorities are still searching for Loyd and have increased the reward for his arrest to $100,000. He is considered to be armed and dangerous and police are asking anyone who knows his whereabouts to please call 1-800-423-TIPS.  On Saturday, Clayton was laid to rest on during an emotional funeral that saw hundreds of officers, friends and family members pay tribute to the fallen officer (above) Read more: Orlando Police, SWAT search Rosemont area for Markeith Loyd | WOFL Share or comment on this article e-mail 10 shares Most watched News videos Serena Williams awkwardly neglects her fiancé after Aus Open win Many Clouds dies after beating Thistlecrack in the Cotswold Chase 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Incredible moment truck crashes through middle of bus Grandma accused of killing son-in-law celebrated during testimony Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border George and Laura Bush welcome the Obamas to the White House 2009 Harriet was rescued from a South Korean meat farm Look what the cat dragged 'OUT'! Cute cat learns to open drawers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Huge tiger roams the streets after escaping circus in Italy Comments (1) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURED: Robin Thicke seen for first time after pulling out from events honoring late father Alan amid bitter custody battle with ex Paula Patton  Back in her bikini! Kim Kardashian shows off her stunning figure as she sunbathes in tiny two piece in Costa Rica Relaxed at the pool with sister Khloe Angelina Jolie rocks black leather pants and boots with silky top as she takes twins Knox and Vivienne, 8, shopping in Malibu Actress looked stylish Daddy and me time! Blac Chyna shares sweet Snaps of Rob Kardashian kissing and cuddling their baby Dream Doting father Just like dad! King Cairo, four, shows off his new grill during Costa Rica vacation...while Tyga poses up a storm with girlfriend Kylie Jenner It's an 80's night! Candace Cameron Bure, New Kids on the Block and Martha Quinn look incredible at the iHeart80s concert in California Lindsay Lohan rebrands herself as she returns to Instagram after hiatus with posts about Syrian refugees She deleted all her posts and has started again Seriously glam! Lucy Hale flashes major skin in plunging silver dress at SAG nomination bash  The 27-year-old was not afraid to flaunt her ample assets  She's got great jeans! Jessica Biel keeps it casual in ripped denim while leaving her restaurant Au Fudge with son Silas in West Hollywood  The doctor is in! Kristen Stewart poses with Peanuts character Lucy for breast cancer benefit at Knott's Berry Farm Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5k gown with husband Jared ahead of swanky dinner amid deportation row  Paula Patton steps out with son Julian in Los Angeles... amid ongoing custody battle with Robin Thicke She recently took out a  restraining order on him Move aside boys! Martha Hunt shows off her incredible body as she takes over historic Muscle Beach for a sizzling photoshoot Stunning figure  Legs eleven...out of Ocean's Eight! Sandra Bullock, 52, stuns in thigh-skimming sheer mini-dress on set in New York City She's still got it Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic immigrants  La La Land executive producer John Legend slams Trump's 'Muslim ban'... as musical wins best film of the year at Producers Guild Of America Awards Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams showcases her svelte figure in black mini dress at SAG nominees event Flawless figure Who wears the cool crown? They're both gorgeous, glamorous and adored by royal brothers, but how does Kate measure up against Meghan? Who brought the Eggos? Cast of Netflix's Stranger Things get together in LA ahead of Sunday's SAG Awards The young cast mixed with Hollywood's adults Curves ahead! Kylie Jenner shows off her cleavage and flat stomach in eye-catching swimwear during family holiday in Costa Rica Incredible body Man of many talents! Super Bowl-bound Tom Brady wishes fans Happy Chinese New Year in Mandarin before being photobombed by daughter Vivian, 4 Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to match up to $100,000 in donations to the ACLU Sheer dazzling! Nicole Kidman stuns in an embellished gown at the Producers Guild Awards with husband Keith Urban Stunned on red carpet 'He goes full throttle the whole way': John Wick featurette reveals how Keanu Reeves trained in 'gun fu' to become a deadly assassin Kerry Washington shows off her incredible post-baby body in a semi-sheer dress as she hits the Producers Guild Awards red carpet Recently gave birth  His leading lady! John Legend plants kiss on Chrissy Teigen as couple make arrival to Producers Guild Awards Couple are not afraid to show their affection  She's got some front! Thandie Newton wows in plunging dress as she supports Westworld at the Producers Guild Of America Awards Turned heads  No Hidden Figures here! Taraji P Henson and Janelle Monae turn heads in delightful dresses at PGA Awards They both starred in the Oscar nominated hit  Yummy mummy alert! Teresa Palmer reveals her svelte post-baby body in a dramatic beaded gown as she attends the Producers Guild Awards 'Just unbearable!': Amy Duggar confirms she used to play outside as a child to avoid her parents' fights during emotional Marriage Bootcamp She's funny too! Emma Stone does her best Ryan Gosling impression as she promotes awards favorite La La Land From musical to comedy The hardest-working top in the world! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of cropped tank that shows off cleavage AND abs during Costa Rica dinner Showing Scott (and Justin) what they're missing! Kourtney Kardashian stuns in black bra top with silky slacks as she dines with her sisters She didn't get the memo! Khloe Kardashian covers up in maroon top and jeans as her sisters model bra tops in Costa Rica Kept her head down Kim Kardashian's jewels seized in the Paris heist 'have been MELTED and the only piece left is her £3.5m engagement ring, gang boss tells police' Lily Collins dazzles in backless emerald green gown with crossover bodice at Producers Guild Awards Flaunted her enviably slim frame  'I was numb to all the bulls***': Rihanna reveals past struggles while recording her Anti album on year anniversary Speaking her mind  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The orphaned Malawi twins Madonna 'wants to make her own' and how their adopted mother would be horrified Back in black!: Olivia Newton-John, 68, looks radiant walking through LAX as she arrives from her Ireland and UK tour Has been promoting her new album Erin Andrews looks healthy out and about in West Hollywood... after revealing secret surgery for cervical cancer last autumn Spotted on a stroll  Dapper Justin Timberlake dons designer black suit for Variety brunch celebrating Oscar nominees Looking smart Looking good for her lady! Stella Maxwell flashes her amazing abs for spa outing with 'girlfriend' Kristen Stewart Loved-up pair  That's got to hurt! Justin Bieber gets slammed against glass exterior during NHL All-Star Celebrity Shootout by Chris Pronger 'I gained 40 pounds': Katherine Heigl reveals her 'terror' as she packed on the pounds during her pregnancy with newborn son Joshua Australian The Bachelor's Megan Marx flaunts toned physique in TINY black bikini beachside as she enjoys her new island life with girlfriend Tiffany  Twice as nice! Bella Thorne shares two topless photos after showing off new piercing in tight pink top She has has taken off her clothes again The baby is here! Law & Order: Criminal Intent star Saffron Burrows, 44, welcomes daughter Daisy with her wife Alison Also parents to a son Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he doesn't belong in this country Quite the response Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown set to appear in her first movie Godzilla: King Of Monsters She is expanding her career with a new role It's only been six months! Kim Kardashian's ex Ray J renews wedding vows with Princess Love in Europe Only recently got hitched Walking Dead star Steven Yeun enjoys a sunlit day out with his pregnant wife Joana Pak Pair tied the knot a month ago Ruff day? Downcast Rooney Mara steps out in all black with her pup following two successful Sundance premieres Just returned from Utah Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be turned around at the border Her sexiest selfie yet! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample bosom in teeny designer string bikini on family vacay in Costa Rica Showcased her curves Charlotte McKinney puts on a leggy display in metallic bodycon dress... after revealing she was called a 's**t' growing up due to her ample chest Newlywed Luann De Lesseps looks radiant as she dances with RHONY castmates at a fundraiser after romantic honeymoon in the Bahamas  All bundled up: Lea Michele looks like she can barely breathe as she wraps scarf tightly around her neck during NYC outing with a pal Staying warm  Sofia Vergara flaunts her fabulous figure in ripped jeans and a slinky poloneck as she enjoys date night with husband Joe Manganiello Hollywood couple Supermodel Karlie Kloss to lead the runway at the David Jones Autumn/Winter show... as she models the latest collection of moody florals Natalie Portman pays tribute to her Jackie co-star Sir John Hurt after he dies at age 77 'I'm so extremely sad to hear of John's passing,' she said Harry Potter's John Hurt married four times but his friends say it was the tragic death of the lover he DIDN'T wed that drove him to drunken torment  New Fifty Shades Darker clip shows extended date night between Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey that gets steamy in elevator 'I don't sit at home and obsess': Jon Hamm says he doesn't watch old episodes of Mad Men because that's 'weird' The 45-year-old actor,  played Don Draper 'Naked' Kate is on the verge of getting a gong at long last for service to the Royal Family after impressing the Queen with her work for mental health charities  Our dazzling sapphire Queen: The poignant significance of Her Majesty's favourite gem... as she celebrates 65 years on the throne  Historic milestone  He was named 'the man most likely to marry Jackie'... And now an Oscar-nominated film reveals how British Lord Harlech missed  capturing her heart  So that's why Ryan's such a La La lovely mover! How Hollywood's heart-throb inherited his musical talent... from a bugle-blowing Victorian war hero  Hailey Baldwin looks lovely in blue leather outfit as she graces her third Harper's Bazaar cover... this time for Turkey February 2017 issue Suddenly shy! Bella Hadid hides behind a scarf and baseball cap in NYC after showing off her chest in see-through dress in Paris Sporty attire Victoria's Secret Model Kelly Gale shows off her INCREDIBLY toned abs and impressive cleavage as she continues her luxury Bali vacation  Teeny bikini! Kelly Bensimon, 48, enjoys a lemon-soaked drink as she splashes around in Miami wearing a body-baring swimsuit Fun in the sun 'I thought I'd get in trouble!': Kendall Jenner confesses she was scared of telling her parents about her boyfriends when she was a teenager Not just a pretty face! Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is learning COMPUTER CODING and is launching a Kode with Klossy scholarship for women 'We know each other better than anyone': David Beckham reveals he and Victoria have worked through 'tough times' as he gushes about their marriage  'She's at it again!': Pia Miller flaunts her incredible physique in red hot bikini at the beach after calling herself 'clumsy' and 'too daggy' Fans slams Vanity Fair for leaving out Asian and Latina actresses from Hollywood Issue (but they've come a long way from 'white-washed' 2010 cover)  EXCLUSIVE: 'I grew up with holes in my shoes!': Jennifer Lopez, 47, talks humble beginnings and how family 'grounds her' during difficult times Modest roots An incredible feet! David Beckham reveals his shoe collection rivals that of wife Victoria as he admits he owns 'thousands' of pairs of football boots 'She could win the whole show!' Will.i.am left embarrassed on British The Voice after failing to turn round for a contestant who co-wrote one of his hits Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle She wore blue lace! Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner dazzles in see-through suit at Variety brunch The outfit left little to the imagination 'This is Chambers': Actor Armie Hammer reveals name of son as he shares tender photo of the newborn with his big sister Harper Super sweet siblings Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Tickled pink! Taryn Manning giggles as she models flirty hair color at Variety brunch after revealing she has no plans to leave OITNB Pretty pink locks 'She didn't come?' The uncomfortable moment Venus Williams realises her sister Isha didn't come to her Australian Open showdown with Serena Move over, Arnold! Adriana Lima shows off toned abs at Muscle Beach in Venice for Victoria's Secret shoot Shooting an athletic wear campaign She must be hot! Kim Kardashian wears very low-cut tank top as she uses Snapchat filters while playing with North and Saint in Costa Rica Snapchat session Oscar-nominated Emmanuelle Riva of the film Amour dies in Paris at the age of 89 after long illness French star of screen and stage  Purple patch! Katie Piper shows off new LILAC hairstyle as she celebrates success of her latest book with husband Richard  Wowed with her color Robin Thicke pulled out of LA gala tribute for his late father Alan Thicke as custody battle with ex Paula Patton takes nasty turn Nowhere to be seen Date night! Model Chanel Iman shows off her toned tummy as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner at LA hotspot Victoria's Secret Angel 'It's a very brave, bold and challenging story we're attempting': Andrew Lincoln defends brutal violence in season seven of The Walking Dead But where's Jen? Aniston's husband Justin Theroux steps out in all black as he bumps into House Of Cards star Elizabeth Marvel in NYC At last... a statue that will let the boys gaze at Diana every day: William and Harry reveal plans for a new memorial to the 'people's princess' 20 years after her death  Farewell to a Hollywood legend: Sir John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer  From Hollywood bad boy to national treasure: The notorious hell-raiser who drank up to seven bottles of wine a NIGHT after watching his fiancée die Murder of Righteous Brothers singer's ex-wife SOLVED: DNA test finds killer 40 years after woman was raped and strangled with her pantyhose Staying busy! Heartbroken Celine Dion squeezes in Bee Gees show as she continues Vegas concert one year after husband's death Lost him to cancer Looking ace! Karlie Kloss works nautical chic in a plunging vest and striped skirt at tennis match in Australia Sought after supermodel Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence layers up in oversized shearling coat as she enjoys a rare evening off from filming new flick in Hungary Filming new spy thriller Barbara Hale, who played the loyal secretary opposite Raymond Burr on long-running crime TV show Perry Mason, dies at age 94 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Trouble for the Today show? Rumors swirl that Megyn Kelly is 'being groomed to take Savannah Guthrie's anchor position' as NBC revamps morning show 'Oh the horror!': Dame Joan Collins on the nightmarish scene at her home after a leak in a neighbour's flat led to a ceiling caving in  Nightmarish image  Goodbye my lover! Cate Blanchett blows a kiss to husband Andrew Upton in adorable PDA as he heads to the airport leaving her alone in New York Justin Bieber steps out solo in quirky lensless glasses and ripped jeans... as the romance between his ex Selena Gomez and The Weeknd heats up Leonardo DiCaprio goes incognito in bucket hat and dark shades as he plays the tourist while T-shirt shopping in Rwanda Discreet appearance Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Incest, cannibalism, and parties for duck hunters & prostitutes dressed as ducks... Tom Hardy's drama wanted to challenge convention It was controversial The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' 'Nobody knows when': Louis Tomlinson hints at One Direction reunion... as he moves on from split with girlfriend Danielle Campbell Exciting news for fans Serena and Venus Williams share a tender moment after little sister beat her older sibling to win the Australian Open - before declaring 'she is my inspiration'  Princess Eugenie keeps a low profile in sombre ensemble as she steps out for dinner at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London Serena's final passing shot! Awkward moment triumphant Williams appears to IGNORE fiance as she hugs Karlie Kloss after winning Australian Open Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel The 35-year-old was a showstopper Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles Sophisticated black frock Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Showed off her long legs in the black number Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA She remains a stunning style icon Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Turning heads Leighton Meester teases a hint of cleavage in plunging embellished black dress as she poses up a storm at Harper's Bazaar bash Looked chic in black A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Pregnant star Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Her outfit hugged her bulging baby bump Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party She cut a professional chic figure 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel 'Not my president!' Karrueche Tran sizzles in oversized sweater and thigh-high boots as she sends a clear anti-Trump message during night out Should Jess be worried? Ruby Rose trades in Vin Diesel for new co-star as she enjoys friendship with Pitch Perfect 3 band-mate Andy Allo 'Hottest runway ever': Victoria's Secret models Bridget Malcolm and Karlie Kloss to headline David Jones show with Jesinta Franklin and Jess Gomes Judy Garland superfan spent $15K on the crypt next to hers, but his dreams of spending eternity with starlet are dashed now that her body has been moved She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA She also rocked a motorcycle jacket with a pink furry collar Putting the dance in Sundance! Toni Collette and her 'Fun Mom Dinner' co-stars let their hair down as they party into the night following premiere 'Blow me away': Chloe Lattanzi's face is covered but she still flaunts her VERY ample cleavage as she snaps a selfie during Portland wind storm 'He is making me feel good things': Fans go wild as new Beauty & The Beast posters give a first glimpse of Girl On The Train hunk Luke Evans as Gaston  Prince Charles dismayed the public has become overly 'obsessed' with Brexit to the detriment of other world issues Expressed his concerns Rylan Clark Neal and Speidi FINALLY bury the hatchet following their Celebrity Big Brother eviction... and even declare each other 'friends' Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Paul McCartney's ex Heather Mills, 49, shows off her figure in a plunging mermaid maxi as she throws some shapes during night out in Austria Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her youthful complexion and famous cleavage in party dress at Paris bash Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  They have hired a team of gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return     DON'T MISS Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less Today's headlines Most Read Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants emergency stay temporarily HALTING deportation of... Uber CEO Travis Kalanick pledges to compensate 'thousands of its drivers' affected by the immigration ban... Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to... What does the emergency stay of execution mean for detained travelers and what happens next? Female intruder snuck into GOP retreat using fake credentials saying she was a congressman's wife on the day... Snack smugglers beware! Posh New York theater shames movie fans bringing in their own food and warns... New York plans to install vast system of facial recognition cameras that matches drivers licenses to social... FedEx delivery driver lauded as a hero after stopping protesters from lighting American flags on fire Distraught woman facing deportation to Chile attempts suicide at JFK Airport 24 hours before Trump's... Decapitated bodies of three police officers are found in southern Mexico in suspected cartel-related torture... 'Granny just killed momma': Florida grandmother is arrested after she 'stabbed daughter and murdered son'... 10 people injured in mass shooting during party at National Guard Armory building in Tennessee California Governor Jerry Brown to get further prostate cancer treatment starting in February but will... 'Let them eat cake': Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5k gown with... Iran will retaliate against Trump's immigration ban by 'limiting visas to American tourists' - as Canadian... Chaos at JFK: Protesters descend on airport after 12 travelers are held overnight in confusion at Trump... 'We are equals': Trump and Putin vow to maintain 'regular personal contact' in their first call, discuss... Trump gives Pentagon 30 days to come up with ISIS strategy as he restructures National Security Council to... Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be... NBA calls for Trump to clarify his immigration ban as players including Sudan-born Luol Deng and Thon Maker... Sir Mo Farah faces being BANNED from returning to his family in America under Donald Trump’s immigration... 'We wouldn't exist without immigration': Apple CEO Tim Cook slams Trump's executive order as Mark Zuckerberg... 'Trump is right!' Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu hails the president's border plans because the wall... Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans... Texas mosque is destroyed in blaze hours after Donald Trump signs executive order banning immigration from... Trump's efforts to 'drain the swamp' see him ban administration officials from lobbying the US on behalf of... Actor Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he... The obscure truth about THAT picture: Theresa May had to take hold of Donald Trump's hand because 'the US... Trump beats Obama's executive action first week record: President who criticized his predecessor for... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The Companies That Are Already Benefitting from Increased Drilling Activity Post-OPEC Cut We’re just a few days into OPEC’s production cut, and American oil companies and investors are already responding -- here's what you need to know. Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly (TMFrunAMuck) Jan 16, 2017 at 8:11AM January marks the first month of OPEC's production cut, and the oil industry is already responding. In this week's episode of Industry Focus: Energy, Motley Fool analysts Sean O'Reilly and Taylor Muckerman go over this week's biggest energy, materials, and industrials news. Find out how OPEC's production cut is coming along so far, and where it's likely to go from here; how the cut has indirectly affected American energy companies so far; why last year had the lowest recorded carbon emissions since 1992; a few ways investors might want to invest in the rapidly growing and evolving solar power industry; and more. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 5, 2017. Sean O'Reilly: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. Today is Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, so we're talking about energy, materials, and industrials. I'm joined in studio by the irreplaceable Taylor Muckerman. Happy New Year, Taylor! Taylor Muckerman: Fireworks are still going off in the studio. O'Reilly: Yeah. You know it's a fire hazard, right? You can't do that. Muckerman: Oh, really? Shoot. O'Reilly: Yeah. Muckerman: I didn't get fired yet for it. We'll change it to sparklers instead. O'Reilly: Is that a fire hazard, Austin? Sparklers? Muckerman: Nah. O'Reilly: He's shaking his head yes. That's bad. Our producer, Austin, does not approve of sparklers. Why do you have to be like that? It's Happy New Year, man, come on. He's just sitting over there with ... Austin Morgan: I don't want you guys burning down my studio. O'Reilly: Nice, OK. Doesn't he have a great radio voice, folks? Muckerman: Yeah, I think we should just give up. O'Reilly: Can you just come in here and do this and I'll just get some coffee? Morgan: I'll just take over. O'Reilly: Attaboy. You talk about hockey.  Muckerman: Well, what are we talking about? If he's talking about hockey, what are we up for today? O'Reilly: Thanks for that transition, Taylor! Look at this guy.  Muckerman: Little two-arm pass there. O'Reilly: Really quickly, I just want to mention OPEC, because it's what we do. Muckerman: Yeah. We're going to try and trim that down unless there's something major. But, new year, I feel like we have to at least briefly hit on it. O'Reilly: Well, this is the first month they're supposedly going to do the production cuts they agreed to. Muckerman: Yeah, they start the cuts. Up to 1.8 million barrels a day, including the 11 other countries that committed to -- O'Reilly: Right. The big story a couple weeks ago was that Mexico was in on it, and blah blah blah. Muckerman: And Russia, yeah. O'Reilly: I actually just saw on the wires this morning that Iraq has already cut production. They're actually doing it. Muckerman: Yeah, they're cutting medium and heavy crude, which is basically what everybody produces over there. O'Reilly: I'm mildly impressed with how everybody is actually doing what they said they would do. Muckerman: Well, we don't know the degree to the extent that they have cut. But yeah, they have started to cut, along with Oman and Kuwait as well. There's at least three out of the OPEC members. O'Reilly: We're 10% there, yay.  Muckerman: Yeah. We don't know much about the other countries. Mexico wasn't necessarily cutting; they were just expecting a natural decline of oil wells, without having the replacement there. But of those 11, all eyes are on Russia, who hasn't begun to cut or provided any guidance of when they might decide to. O'Reilly: I get the distinct impression that Russia views the world as being on a need-to-know basis. Muckerman: Yeah. I think maybe they're waiting to see what happens when everyone else cuts, and if prices rise, they're probably going to be like, "Well, you know what? Thanks, guys!" O'Reilly: Well, you know that Saudi Arabia already increased their prices -- you know how they set monthly prices to Asia and the U.S. and stuff. They already upped it a little bit because of the cut. They're like, "We cut production, so we're upping the price." Muckerman: Yeah, upping prices. But we mentioned this a couple weeks ago, straight from the mouth of the former Saudi Arabian oil minister talking about OPEC and their previous cuts, saying, "We tend to cheat." So, we'll be surprised to see 100% of that 1.8 million barrels per day cut. Analysts I've seen, a Goldman Sachs analyst says he believes around 84% of that total will be achieved. I've seen as low as 70%. O'Reilly: Well, before the holiday, you said "historically." You said, you usually get about two-thirds? Over the last 40 years or whatever. Muckerman: Yeah, I think it falls right in that 60%-75% range. O'Reilly: If we got 83%, that'd be a win. Muckerman: Yeah, historically, it would be a win. O'Reilly: Good for them. Moving on, very briefly, to our likely next Secretary of State under the Donald Trump presidential administration -- Muckerman: Still to be confirmed, but moving in that direction. O'Reilly: Likely. Muckerman: Likely. No one else has been named, not even close. O'Reilly: Plus he's a really good negotiator. I didn't know he had this much money, but I guess I should have assumed. Muckerman: Yeah, he's been there since he started his career. O'Reilly: So he's handing over control of $250 million worth of ExxonMobil shares, and his net worth is like $400 million. Cool. Muckerman: Yeah, he's disclosed about $400 million in assets. That includes pension and stock he owned and the $180 million payout he's set to receive simply for becoming the Secretary of State. O'Reilly: It's good to be the king. Muckerman: Yeah, not too shabby. But on top of that, he has holdings in several other oil companies, producers, service companies. You're looking at Royal Dutch Shell, Chevron, Schlumberger (NYSE:SLB), [General Electric]. Didn't necessarily disclose the full value of those. But yeah, guys, he's an energy man, quite clearly. O'Reilly: With a name like Rex Tillerson, how could it be otherwise? Muckerman: Yeah, that's wildcatter through and through. O'Reilly: You name a kid that because you think he's going to be an oil man. Muckerman: Yeah. It's like having a kid you want to be a wrestler and never letting him lay down on his back. That's basically what happens when you name your kid Rex Tillerson. O'Reilly: Boom. Moving on to the oil market, the OPEC cut is actually having its desired effect, at least for the price of oil. But that, of course, has side effects, like the increased drilling activity here domestically in the United States. Going to happen. Saudi knew it. It is what it is.  Muckerman: It's already happening. We saw production pick up later in the year of 2016. You'd imagine it will. O'Reilly: And refresh my memory, I think U.S. production dropped about a million barrels? We were at about 9.6 million and it dropped to 8.6 million? Muckerman: Something like that, yeah. O'Reilly: But Halliburton (NYSE:HAL) is hiring 200 workers in, unsurprisingly, the Permian Basin. I think you sent me this article? Muckerman: Yeah. That's the hotness. O'Reilly: They laid off a ton of people, though. Muckerman: Yeah. Last year, if you looked at the announced layoffs -- O'Reilly: Thousands. Tens of thousands. Muckerman: -- energy services companies were the worst by far. Schlumberger had two of the top five largest announced layoffs last year, and Halliburton was also right up there. So yeah, I don't know if here's our new jobs, but either they're shifting 200 to the Permian, or they're announcing actually hiring 200 new folks. O'Reilly: I wasn't particularly impressed with this. One, it's like, 200 guys. Who are we kidding? Hundreds of thousands of people have lost their jobs. Two, it's in the Permian. Not surprising at all, either. The other headline we were talking about before we came in here was drillers capping their record year for stock sales with a huge bump in December, which is, again, not surprising because OPEC gave the oil industry a wonderful Thanksgiving present. Muckerman: Yes, they did. O'Reilly: This seems like a slightly bigger deal. Muckerman: Yes. You're looking at these companies going out there. Mostly, these are small to mid-sized companies. You're not seeing big equity raises from the integrated, or anything like [EOG Resources] or [Pioneer Energy Services]. O'Reilly: Plus, they don't need the cash, but they have a little bit of an opening, and they need to raise money. Muckerman: Yeah. So you have [Diamondback Energy] raising money to purchase assets in West Texas. Gulfport Energy raised some money to buy assets in Oklahoma. There are a few other companies out there as well. You look at a record year for issuances by oil and gas producers: $31.3 billion in 2016, which is twice as much as you saw in 2015. O'Reilly: That is amazing. What was it in 2014? Muckerman: 2014, not off the top of my head. O'Reilly: Still, that's crazy. Muckerman: Yeah. Just in December alone, they raised about -- O'Reilly: And this was equity, not debt. Muckerman: Yeah, this was all equity. O'Reilly: That is staggering to me. Muckerman: Some were paying down debt, but most of them, I think, are just gearing up, not necessarily to immediately drill, but they think it's about time, so they're padding the wall here. O'Reilly: Yeah, that does seem to be in effect. Muckerman: And it might prove prescient, because right now, you're looking at expectations that the cost of drilling and fracking is going to rise about 20% this year, simply because companies like Halliburton and Schlumberger and Baker Hughes and [Weatherford International], the services companies, gave pricing concessions over the last couple years to help these drillers maintain a low cost per barrel to produce, so that they could actually do some drilling. They're probably going to try and claw that back. On top of that, higher demand in general, the services are going to be stretched because of the layoffs that we talked about. So you're looking at, maybe, up to a 20% increase in the price of fracking, which could add up to $10 per barrel to the base cost. O'Reilly: Yeah. Was that a month ago that you first mentioned that? We've talked about it before. Muckerman: I've had it in my mind for a little while. Yeah, those price concessions were pretty serious. O'Reilly: They've been nice, but now they want to make money, too. Muckerman: Absolutely. And these producers, they can't acquire the oil and natural gas without these companies. So they're the bottleneck, and if they don't get the prices they want, you know what? O'Reilly: Game over. So, Mr. Muckerman... Muckerman: What? O'Reilly: We're going to go from guys getting oil out of the ground to the next stage of what might be how the world is powered with energy. Carbon emissions for 2016, we just found out, are expected to be the lowest since 1992. What were you doing in 1992, Taylor? Muckerman: Well, let's see. I was 7. O'Reilly: You were playing Power Rangers. Muckerman: Probably playing outside and harnessing the power of the sun myself. Vitamin D. O'Reilly: I have to think that a lot of this is just because of way more efficient cars. Muckerman: Efficient cars, yeah, that's big. The switch from coal to natural gas to generate power in the United States. We saw, this year, for the first time ever, natural gas overtook coal as the largest provider of fuel to create electricity. So that's a big thing. And I think people drove a lot more this year because gas is so cheap. I don't have the exact specifics on me. O'Reilly: There were statistics. It's a calculation, like, do we fly or drive? Especially if you have a family of four, it's very price-dependent. And gas was cheap. Muckerman: When you start keeping Volkswagen honest, you get down to the bottom of it, and you take all those older cars off the street that were polluting more than we thought -- O'Reilly: Wait, are you implying that Volkswagen is the reason for this drop?  Muckerman: Quite possibly. Maybe they should be lauded now instead of... O'Reilly: There were a lot of Volkswagen Jettas included in this, now that you mention that. Muckerman: Yeah, millions! Globally. I don't know about how many were impacted in the U.S. But yeah. Big deal. O'Reilly: Also a part of it might be -- and we talked about this before -- but solar power is on the rise in Texas in 2016. That's, of course, the other part of this. Also, I don't know if you saw, fool.com writer Travis Hoium, he recently wrote a piece about how Las Vegas is entirely green now for their energy. Muckerman: No kidding? O'Reilly: Yeah. They're in a desert, so it's like, what are you going to do? Muckerman: So that hockey stadium is going to be completely solar powered? O'Reilly: Yeah. Isn't that nice? But, same deal in Texas. Desert land, nothing grows, let's put up some solar panels. Muckerman: They're catching up to California and Nevada in terms of solar installations. I think this was the strongest year ever for them. O'Reilly: It's also fun for them, because there's three power grids nationally in the United States. There's the Eastern grid, the Western grid, and Texas. Muckerman: I had no idea. O'Reilly: They have their own power grid. Muckerman: I wonder who negotiated that. O'Reilly: Well, think about the Texas mentality. "We could have been our own country if we wanted to." Muckerman: Could have been. They probably will one day. Who knows? But yeah, you're looking at 77% of all the solar that was installed in Q3. Q3 was twice as big as Q2 of 2016, in terms of installations, and three times as big as Q3 of 2015, so year over year, three times more in terms of solar power capacity was installed in Q3. You're looking at great expectations for Q4. We haven't seen those results out yet. But, about three-quarters of the Q3 installations were of the utility-scale variety. So that means you're looking at potential companies like First Solar or SunPower really benefiting there. O'Reilly: The price dropped this past year. A lot of the solar stocks you're talking about just now, their stocks aren't doing that great because they're having to cut prices because, at the end of the day, it's a hardware commodity. This is what happened with computers. If memory serves, the prices of these solar cells were dropping 10% to 20% last year. This isn't surprising at all. Muckerman: Yeah, they're down big, and obviously the market is responding by increasing the demand. You're seeing the parity start to creep up in terms of it costing the same or less to use solar power. O'Reilly: So I do need to ask, because it lends itself to what we were talking about before -- the switch from coal to natural gas is obviously awesome, lower emissions, etc. Should natural gas be worried now? Muckerman: Because of solar power and wind power? No, I don't think so. Right now, you're looking at natural gas being the baseload provider. O'Reilly: Because you do need it overnight. The sun sets. Muckerman: In terms of aggregate, I'm pretty sure natural gas is -- O'Reilly: Here to stay. Muckerman: -- multiples above solar and wind right now. That being said, they're catching up. You are talking about doubling and tripling growth quarter over quarter, year over year. That's pretty meaningful. And I don't really see it slowing down. If you talk about reduced costs and utility scale, that's what it's going after. O'Reilly: They're getting efficient, too. The cheap cells are, like, 19% efficient now. Which, 10 years ago, 10% efficiency was a big deal. The more expensive super-quality cells are in the 23% efficiency ranges. It's getting good, if you want to do something like this. Muckerman: And I don't know how many homes there are in the United States, but enough solar capacity was installed, supposedly, they're predicting, once they get Q4 numbers. O'Reilly: I think there's 110, 120 million households. I'm talking about census data. I could be wrong. I don't know how many houses that is, because you have single people in there, too. Muckerman: Yeah. So, arguably, you have a long way to go. But in 2016 alone, they estimate that enough was installed to power 2.3 million homes. That's a pretty decent number. O'Reilly: I was going to guess 1 million. That's high. Wow, cool. Gosh, is there any way for us to make money off of this? Muckerman: Well, I think we had a podcast sponsor a while back, I think it was something like a way to invest in -- O'Reilly: Oh, Wunder Capital. Muckerman: Wunder Capital, yeah, a way to invest in a portfolio of solar. O'Reilly: You could also say the solar yieldcos. Muckerman: Or you just look out for solar, SunPower, SolarCity -- well, I guess [Tesla Motors] (NASDAQ:TSLA) now, because SolarCity is no longer public. O'Reilly: You have these facilities, and they're used to making solar cells at certain costs, and they're the older cells now that are being outmoded, so they're currently switching over to the higher-efficiency ones. So I think the next year or two for the solar guys is going to be rough, but long-term, I think if they can keep up with the efficiencies, they'll be OK. Muckerman: Yeah. And if you want to check out that article Sean mentioned, it's by Travis Hoium, published in the middle of December, titled "U.S. Solar Record Installations: The Future Is Getting Brighter for Clean Energy," and I can't think of anybody better to read than Travis Hoium if you want to learn about solar. O'Reilly: Yeah, on fool.com, he's our solar guy right now. Muckerman: As long as I've been at the Fool, he's been covering that industry, not exclusively, but I would place that 75%-85% of his time is spent on solar. O'Reilly: Yeah, that and harking on Tesla. We love you, Travis.  Muckerman: And now Tesla's part of the solar regime with their acquisition of SolarCity, the Gigafactory is up and running, only around 15%-20% capacity. O'Reilly: Yeah, I got a push notification yesterday, I was like, "You didn't tell us, what?" Muckerman: They're producing lithium batteries, and then the Powerwall, which they're selling -- O'Reilly: That's the trick, of course, with solar and wind -- how do you store this energy, if you don't need it right then? Muckerman: Tesla might be on the way to figuring it out, at least for the residential side of the business. O'Reilly: Sweet. Well, thank you for your time, Taylor! Muckerman: Thank you! O'Reilly: See you next week! Muckerman: Yes, sir! O'Reilly: Well, that is it for us, folks. If you're a loyal listener and have questions or comments, we would love to hear from you, just email us at industryfocus@fool.com. As always, people on the program may have interests in the stocks that they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against those stocks, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear on this program. For Taylor Muckerman, I am Sean O'Reilly. Thanks for listening, and Fool on! Sean O'Reilly has no position in any stocks mentioned. Taylor Muckerman owns shares of Halliburton and Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool owns shares of EOG Resources, ExxonMobil, General Electric, and Halliburton. The Motley Fool recommends Chevron. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Taylor Muckerman and Sean O'Reilly (TMFrunAMuck) Follow @t_Muckerman Taylor is an Associate GM in our Fool International operations. Prior to that he covered all things Energy + Materials as an analyst. Over the years, he has built an investing skill set to rely on when evaluating companies inside and out. While at the Fool, he has made appearances on CNBC and Fox Business. In addition, he completed his MBA at the University of Maryland and will sit for the Level II CFA Exam. Article Info Jan 16, 2017 at 8:11AM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Tesla Motors NASDAQ:TSLA $252.95 up $0.44 (0.17%) Schlumberger NYSE:SLB $84.50 down $0.38 (-0.45%) Halliburton NYSE:HAL $58.21 up $0.15 (0.26%) Read More This Bakken Shale Oil Stock Doubled in 2016, but It Has Plenty of Fuel for Another Run in 2017 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks to Buy in February The First Signs of a Rapid Shale Recovery Showed Up in Helmerich & Payne's Earnings Report Which State Has the Cheapest Gas? Increased Revenue for Baker Hughes Shows the First Sign of a Recovery Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current The Companies That Are Already Benefitting from Increased Drilling Activity Post-OPEC Cut @themotleyfool #stocks $TSLA, $SLB, $HAL
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1936 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
2:12 AM Sun, Jan. 29th Weather  25.0° News Tips - Contact Editor e-Edition Sign in The Daily Courier Jump to content Search Sponsored By: News Business Elections Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Blogs Sportsf High School College Local National NAZ Suns Kudos Out & About Chew on this Music & Nightlife Words Stage & Screen Art & Style Features Neighbors Real Estate Life Couples Birth Recognition Obituaries Classifieds More 928 Media Lab Archives: Pre-Web Arizona Rewards Courier Cooks Newsletter Event Calendar Mobile Apps Other Publications Photo Galleries Place an Ad Public Notices Purchase a Photo Real Estate Search Special Sections Submissions Subscriber Services (Start / Stop) This Week's Circulars (Flipp) TV Listings Worship Directory Contact Us Chief: Prescott officers, dispatchers ‘prevented certain tragedy’ Black commends her staff for stopping a potential mass killing Photo by Cindy Barks. Prescott Police Chief Debora Black, left, presents a commendation to city police officers, detectives, and dispatchers who responded to a Dec. 3 potential active-shooter situation at the Highway 69 Wal-Mart in Prescott. Black says effective response by local police and dispatch employees prevented a mass-shooting tragedy. By Cindy Barks Originally Published: January 16, 2017 5:59 a.m. Share Tweet Cindy_Barks PRESCOTT – Prescott Police Chief Debora Black evoked images of past mass-shootings around the country this week, when she commended local police officers and dispatchers for averting a similar tragedy in Prescott. “Aurora, Columbine, Charleston, Sandy Hook, Orlando, Tucson, and just last week, Ft. Lauderdale, and so many others,” Black said during a presentation at a Prescott City Council meeting Jan. 10, for officers and dispatchers who responded to a potential active shooter at the Highway 69 Walmart on Dec. 3, 2016. Noting that “Our first thought when we hear this long list of cities … is about the common tragedy they have all experienced,” Black commended the local officers and dispatchers for ensuring that “it did not happen in Prescott.” She added that public-safety professionals have long trained for such an incident “while we pray it never happens in our city.” On Dec. 3 – the same day that the community was gearing up for Prescott’s annual Christmas Parade and Courthouse Lighting – Black said, “Due to a citizen who saw something and said something, and the immediate and effective response of the men and woman who stand here today, it did not happen in Prescott.” The commendation notes that the response began with a 911 call, reporting that a Walmart employee had left the store after becoming disgruntled, only to return later with a rifle. Dispatchers initially worked to get information from the store manager, and then kept officers up-to-date throughout the incident, Black said. When located by officers, the Wal-Mart employee (later identified as Ebonice Johnson) repeatedly said “shoot me,” and “I want to die,” and failed to obey the officers’ commands to keep her hands up, according to the commendation. Still, officers continued negotiations with Johnson, as they approached her, while keeping her “under lethal cover,” the commendation said, and ultimately placed her in handcuffs. “The suspect was taken into custody without any injury, and officers located a rifle outside the store along with a knife and instruments used to light a fire,” Black said, adding that Johnson later admitted to officers that “she intended on killing employees inside the store.” The commendation concluded: “The dispatchers, officers and detectives present on Dec. 3 performed extraordinarily and prevented certain tragedy due to their actions.” The commendation was presented to: Lead Police Officer Matt Medina; Field Training Officer Arron Jennison; Officers Troy Crawford, David Holmes, Jessica Hugus, and Andrew Thatcher; Detectives Jeremy Brazell, John Hanna, and Jack Shapiro; Dispatch Supervisor Vivian Marcott; and Dispatchers Jennifer Bass, Billie Denike, Sarah O’Brien, Desiree Ortiz y Davis, and Yasmine Sealy. Follow Cindy Barks on Twitter @Cindy_Barks. Reach her at 928-445-3333, ext. 2034. Sign in to favorite this Contact Us More like this story 100 DAYS ON THE JOB: First female chief: smooth transition from metro police force to Prescott New Prescott police chief sworn in County Attorney will not file charges in officer-involved shooting in Chino Valley Woman arrested after threatening coworkers, store with a rifle, a knife, and a torch New Prescott Police Chief to start work in July SUBMIT FEEDBACK Click Below to: File a Rant or Rave about this story Ask us a question Submit a letter to the editor Send us a news tip or story idea MOST READ 7 days 30 days Detectives find body, suspect it’s victim of a cold case The Latest: Trumps dance with military members at final ball Jury: Suspect not guilty in teen’s death 1,200 encircle courthouse in Prescott Womens's March (VIDEO & GALLERY) Third storm forecast to hit as early as this afternoon Man arrested, accused of making threats on social media DPS: Don’t travel across northern Arizona today School delays Tuesday, Jan, 24 Prescott Valley man found guilty of child sex charges 2 lost hikers rescued from Watson Lake trail Police arrest barricaded child abuse suspect Bobcat put down after attacking four people in Sedona Unusual animals stop traffic in Williamson Valley Detectives find body, suspect it’s victim of a cold case The Latest: Trumps dance with military members at final ball Body of missing Prescott Valley man found Driver allegedly drags police officer, arrested for aggravated assault Looming winter storm requires prep Need 2 Know: Prescott Valley Crossroads getting two new developments; Soldi Creative Cuisine closing; Mogies reopening Jury: Suspect not guilty in teen’s death SECTIONS News Opinion Sports Kudos Features Life Obituaries CLASSIFIEDS Main Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an Ad Contact Us EVENTS Today's Events Births Wedding Engagement Search Events Submit Event SUBMISSIONS Submit a News Tip Birth Wedding Engagement Anniversary Website Feedback Subscriber Services PROFILE Sign In Newsletter Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 The Daily Courier and Western News&Info®, Inc. All rights reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1936 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home Local Police Log State Sports Broadcast Calendar Obituaries Community Community Calendar Shows Talk of the Town The Swap Shop Dave Ramsey Show Rush Limbaugh Show The Dana Show Hugh Hewitt Show Jim Bohannon Show Coast To Coast AM More 'Shows' Contests Contest Rules Weather Listen Live Connect WBIW on Facebook WBIW on Twitter Call 812.277.1340 Text 812.641.1340 Feedback Form Advertise See news happening around you? Let us know about it! Office/Sales: 812.275.7555 / Studio: 812.277.1340 / tips@wbiw.com News Sections Local Police Log State Sports Obituaries Community Calendar Weather Shows The Swap Shop Talk of the Town Audio Listen Live Connect Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Advertise with WBIW WBIW » News » local FBI Release Suspect Information In 1999 Child Abduction, Molestation Case Updated January 16, 2017 7:41 AM | Filed under: Crime  Print    Archive    RSS (UNDATED) - Federal authorities say a man charged in the 1999 abduction and sexual assault of a Seymour girl assumed the identity of a car crash victim as he avoided arrest until this week in Oregon. FBI agents arrested 61-year-old Charles Hollin at a Walmart Supercenter where he was working on Tuesday. Hollin is formerly of Clearsprings, Indiana. He had been living under the name of an Indiana boy who had been killed in a car accident in 1975. Hollin subsequently obtained driver's licenses in three states, a Social Security card and a U.S. passport in the dead boy's name, according to an FBI agent's affidavit. U.S. Attorney Josh Minkler says investigators tracked down Hollin, after he was identified through facial recognition software of his passport photograph. Hollin faces state charges of child molestation and confinement for the attack on the 10-year-old girl. He also faces federal charges of identity theft and fleeing prosecution. Authorities say Hollin was living in Oregon as Andrew David Hall, an 8-year-old boy who died from a 1975 crash in Fayette County, Kentucky. The crime: According to court records, the 10-year-old girl was alone January 20, 1999, waiting outside the old Girls Inc. facility on West Second Street. Hollin asked her to come to his car, where he told her he had locked his keys inside and needed her help. When they got close to the car, police say Hollin cupped his hand over the girl's mouth and showed her a knife and threatened to kill her if she didn't come with him. He then made her put a stocking mask over her head and drove away to an undisclosed location, undressed her and sexually assaulted her. He then forced the girl, who was naked, out of his car, leaving her on an isolated road as he sped off, tossing her belongings out of the car as he drove away. The girl was later picked up by a passing motorist. When police went to the scene, they found the girl's belongings, as well as a coat, which had a day planner with Charles Hollin's name on it. Hollin told police the coat had been stolen out of his vehicle. FBI Agent Todd D. Prewitt wrote in the affidavit, that DNA samples from Hollin's car and coat and from the victim's coat, showed that Hollin was a match for the sample. Fibers on both coats matched the inside of Hollin's car. The Jackson County prosecutor charged Hollin with two felony counts of confinement with a deadly weapon and three felony counts of child molestation. But when investigators went to arrest him, he had disappeared. When investigators interviewed Hollin's friends and co-workers, they learned he was an avid reader of detective magazines and had claimed to have many ways to disguise his identity, including fake hair pieces and mustaches. Hollin told his co-workers he knew the victim had identified him in a police lineup. He asked others if they would "'pull a Houdini" if they were facing charges, according to police interviews. "It would be better to be alienated on some tropical island somewhere than in a 10x10 jail cell," Hollins told his co-workers, according to court documents. "If you want to, and you know how, you can become someone else just like that." Police have spent 16 years trying to find and arrest Hollin. It wasn't until late last year, on December 20, that a facial analysis comparison test confirmed a "most likely'' candidate match between Hollin and "Andrew David Hall'' via a U.S. passport application photograph. Investigators learned the original Andrew David Hall was an 8-year-old boy who had been hit by a car and killed in Kentucky in 1975. The application indicated Hall had applied for a passport on April 26, 2007, to travel to China. The application said Hall was born in Massachusetts. He was able to get the driver's licenses, Social Security number and passport using the dead boy's name because on Hall's death certificate, the box for Social Security number was never filled in, FBI agent Prewitt wrote in his affidavit. A subsequent search of Accurint, a database tool used by government, police and commercial customers, showed Hall was possibly living in Oregon. FBI agents pulled Hall's birth certificate and found he had applied for a Social Security card on Feb. 18, 1988, at age 20, which was unusual, according to the Social Security Administration. Further investigation turned up that Hall had gotten a driver's license in Indiana on April 29, 1999, four months after the abduction of the 10-year-old girl. The driver's license information matched Hollin's height and weight and hair and eye color, the federal affidavit says. Indiana couldn't locate any photographs for the driver's license, the FBI agent wrote. It appears when Hollin got the Indiana license in Hall's name that the state didn't have the capacity to keep the motor vehicle license photos and couldn't use them for future facial recognition technology, says Tim Horty, a spokesman in the U.S. Attorney's Office in Indiana. Agents suspect Hollin, using Hall's name and driver's license, moved to Minnesota and got a Minnesota driver's license there in August 2001 before moving to Oregon and getting an Oregon driver's license on March 29, 2011. "This case is a prime example of the tenacity of the FBI," W. Jay Abbott, Indianapolis FBI Special Agent in Charge, says in a press release. "The public should be assured the FBI will not stop seeking justice for innocent victims." If convicted on the federal charges, Hollin faces up to eight years imprisonment, according to Assistant United States Attorney Bradley P. Shepard, who is prosecuting the case. If convicted on the Jackson County charges, Hollin could face decades in prison. Tweet « Previous Article Next Article »  Print    Archive    RSS Have a question or comment about a news story? Send it to comments@wbiw.com Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW 1340 AM WBIW, Bedford's Place To Talk. Serving Lawrence and surrounding counties since 1948! © 2017 Ad-Venture Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   WBIW.com and Listen Live Powered by HPC Advertise  |  Careers  |  About  |  Feedback Proud affiliate of the Colts
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1936 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Sunday 29 January 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Analysis, Interviews, Opinions   » ANALYSIS Three predictions for the future of retail DAVOS, Switzerland, 13 days ago By Doug McMillon What will shopping be like in 10 years? No one knows all the details (that’s exciting!), but one thing is for sure: it will be very different than it is today. History is clear about that. In the mid-19th century, most people in the US were shopping at small markets. They would tell the manager what they wanted, and then wait for the item to be retrieved from the back or from the supplier. After that came the urban department store, supermarkets, then strip malls and discount stores. Today, the pace of change is rapid. Ten years ago most customers were reading about the original iPhone, and wondering whether it would be useful. Now they expect to order something on their mobiles, have it delivered or pick it up in store – often on the same day, in a few hours, or even in a few minutes. It’s up to retailers to adapt to these changes – and in some areas even lead the way – or they’ll fall behind and disappear. Here’s what customers can expect their shopping experiences to be like 10 years from now: 1. Customer empowerment and even greater influence Customer satisfaction has always been the number one goal for retailers, and in the future, customers will be more empowered than ever to drive the change they want, as they get more control over their shopping experience. Technology – the internet, mobile and analytics – is being used to do anything and everything a customer doesn’t want to. Customers want to explore. But they need to have easy access to items they choose to use all the time. The historic trade-off between price and service has been altered by technology and customers expect to save time and enjoy the experience while saving money. They’ll fulfil their everyday needs – items like laundry detergent, paper, light bulbs, grocery staples and shampoo – in the easiest way possible through a combination of stores, e-commerce, pick-up, delivery and supported by artificial intelligence. Customer desires – think emerging fashion, fresh produce, and items they’ve never seen before – will still be fun to explore in stores as well as with technology (think virtual reality). Retailers that provide a truly unique, enjoyable experience and prepare their associates to provide excellent service will have the advantage. At Walmart we already see the value customers place on personalization and convenience, through our success with grocery pick-up and delivery in several markets around the world. With the growth of the internet of things, customers will enjoy an increasingly connected or “smart” shopping experience through a network of connections linking the physical and digital worlds into an ecosystem of devices, including vehicles, stores and software. The internet of things, drones, delivery robots, 3D-printing and self-driving cars will allow retailers to further automate and optimize supply chains too. Both sides of the equation – demand and supply – will change dramatically. In addition, customers will continue to demand transparency around pricing and the supply chain. They’ll have less time to research the products they buy – but they’ll care even more about how they are sourced. They’ll choose to shop with retailers who provide that transparency so they can feel good about the items they purchase. This will require retailers to work with manufacturers to source items responsibly and sustainably. Retailers who do this and share the information will further earn customers’ trust. 2. I’ve seen what you have and I want it, too Customers all over the world now know, and can see, what people in other countries have, and they want access to it all. And they want it now. Chinese customers want access to Louis Vuitton bags from France and milk from Australia. Not long ago on a visit to Nigeria and Ghana, I asked one of our local store managers what his one wish would be. His answer: “I want you to put a Walmart Supercenter like the ones you have in the US right here and let me run it. My customers and my family have seen what you have and we want it, too. We want those items at those prices.” As Tom Friedman taught us, the world got flat and now it’s moving fast. The world needs inclusive growth provided in a sustainable manner. People are demanding it. 3. Shared value With all these changes, retailers will only survive if their business creates shared value that benefits shareholders and society. Social and environmental sustainability will be engineered into our systems, and that will strengthen the communities in which we operate, which will in turn appeal to customers. These changes, however, will require new levels of cooperation and collaboration between retailers and NGOs, governments and educational institutions. Basically, we’ll design retail and other businesses so that all stakeholders (as many as possible) benefit: customers, associates/employees, shareholders, the communities we serve and those in the supply chain. At Walmart, we’ve already found that investments in training, education and wages for our associates have resulted in higher customer satisfaction. Our customers want our associates to have a great life and they want to see that reflected in their attitudes and the service they provide. When it comes to environmental sustainability, retailers and policy-makers face new challenges with the increase in packaging waste and emissions that comes with the growth of e-commerce. Shipping packages one at a time is not only wasteful and environmentally unsustainable, it isn’t cost-effective. The demand for convenience will force retailers to come up with new ways to ship items – in batches vs. one at a time –that are better for business and the environment. While all these changes pose big challenges for retailers, they also represent unprecedented opportunities to innovate on behalf of customers and create new job opportunities for retail associates. I can’t think of a more exciting time to be in retail, to be at the forefront of change and part of an industry that has the potential to provide a better life for millions around the world. Doug McMillon is president and CEO of US retail chain Walmart. This article is part of the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2017. The views expressed in this article are those of the author alone and not the World Economic Forum.   Tags: retail | Davos | Walmart | More Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Stories Bureaucracy measurement tool boosts transparency We could have superhero vision by 2022: IBM Protectionism may lead to stronger dollar, lower oil prices Reason for optimism as Saudi deficit set to narrow Cloud adoption up, but firms not maximising value Dubai's Moral Machine throws up some surprises at Davos Mideast M&A activity set for major increase 98pc of Gen Z consumers still shop in-store Retailers ‘slow to embrace digital transformation’ 2016 marks Earth’s hottest year on record Global oil giants heading in different directions in Mena Dubai 'still hot property market for GCC investors' The future of enterprise mobility in the Middle East Building a future that is smart, clean and sustainable Everything you need to know about Davos 2017 Smart card ‘keys’ crucial to maintaining security iPhone at 10: the revolution continues 6 technology trends that could affect SMEs in 2017 Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1936 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Last updated: 1 min 5 sec ago Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Trump originally asked for ‘Muslim ban’ says Giuliani US raid on Yemen kills 30 Al-Qaeda suspects, 10 civilians: official US judge bars deportations under Trump travel ban Fire destroys Texas mosque earlier targeted by hatred and burglary Growing fallout from Trump’s new immigration crackdown Putin call a ‘significant start’ to better US-Russia ties: White House Lindsay Lohan meets Erdogan, Syrian girl blogger Kingdom bags four regional tourism awards IDB ‘leading development partner’ for Senegal Bosnian-Serbian economic delegation due in KSA today You are here Home Retail group launches training for entry-level job seekers Business & Economy Retail group launches training for entry-level job seekers The Associated Press | Published — Monday 16 January 2017 | Last update — Sunday 15 January 2017 An empolyee sorts shelving displays at a Walmart Super Center in Compton, California. (Reuters) NEW YORK: Trying to stem high turnover in store jobs, nonprofit groups and chains such as Wal-Mart, Home Depot and the Home Shopping Network are launching a program to help people develop the skills to land entry-level jobs and advance in a retail career. As more people shop online, stores say they need workers who come in with more knowledge and can offer better service. The training and credential program, led by the nonprofit arm of the National Retail Federation trade group, includes sales and inventory basics, dealing with customers, how to use technology like kiosks and more. “The skill gap is a huge challenge in America broadly,” said Ellen Davis, a senior vice president at the trade group and executive director of the NRF Foundation. “Talent is a significant challenge in retail at all levels.” More than 20 major retailers including Neiman Marcus and Ashley Stewart have pledged general support for the Rise Up program being launched Sunday. It is part of a broader credential plan that would help workers move up that may include training for store supervisors and in specific areas like retail analytics. 32 percent of all first jobs in the US are in retail, the trade group says, and stores overall have more job openings now than they did a few years ago. Rising wages have increased competition for workers as people take better-paying jobs. The average hourly pay for cashiers and low-level retail sales staff is $9.26, according to a recent Hay Group study — a level labor groups say still is not enough to live on. The retail industry says store jobs can be a starting point toward bigger things. In stores, entry-level work is not just about folding clothes and ringing up sales. Beyond making change, the Rise Up program includes how to balance a cash drawer and checking for counterfeit currency. Employees also need to understand how stores and online sites work together, use up-to-date handhelds to check inventory, and solve customer-service issues. MORE FROM Business & Economy UK’s BAE Systems in deal with Turkey to develop new fighter jets ANKARA: Britain’s BAE Systems on Saturday signed a deal with Turkey’s national aerospace firm to... Moroccan economy growth falls to 1.6% in 2016 RABAT: Morocco’s economy grew by 1.6 percent in 2016, down from the previous year’s 4.5 percent... ‘Foreign workers’ remittances exceed SR150bn in 2016’ US business spending rises Questions abound after Trump says tax will pay for wall GM to cut 625 jobs in Canada, move some work to Mexico GE announces mega deals in Iraq to boost power supply All the excitement of UFC, now only on OSN Pakistan Consulate in Jeddah plans citrus promotional campaign Arabian Centers, Careem join hands for new promotion LG Electronics operating profit rises 12.2% in 2016 UK’s BAE Systems in deal with Turkey to develop new fighter jets Opinion — Raghida Dergham — Fears over US isolationism, or recklessness — Diana Moukalled — Public morals... a headline to subdue media — Yossi Mekelberg — Benjamin Netanyahu’s sense of entitlement — Khalaf Ahmad Al-Habtoor — My advice to the new US president — Fahad Nazer — US unlikely to withdraw from world stage — Sinem Cengiz — Russia, Iran face alliance dilemma More in Opinion Most Read Delhi court says no to national ban on cow slaughter 9504 views Pakistan bans top TV preacher over hate speech 9050 views 2 expats infected with MERS in critical condition 8860 views Bangladesh rail hero dies saving a mother and daughter 6531 views Prayers for rain performed Kingdomwide on king’s directive 6026 views 14 deals signed as UAE aims $75bn investments in India 5956 views STAY CONNECTED TheArabNews @Arab_News Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Privacy & Terms of Service © 2017 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Speaking of Dividends How to Find Dividend-Hike Heroes One way to find companies likely to consistently raise their payouts:Track their cash flow. By Lawrence C. Strauss Biography January 14, 2017 As a new year begins, it’s a good time for dividend investors to return to basics. In that spirit, Barron’s last week ran a screen seeking stocks from the Standard & Poor’s 500 index with free cash flow yields that exceed their dividend yields. Earnings growth is a key foundation for increasing payouts, but free cash flow, the funding source, is critical as well. Hence, companies with sufficient cash on hand–and the ability to... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Warren Buffett’s $2.95 Breakfast Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Barron’s Roundtable, Part 3: Digging Into the Details Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. A Skeptic’s View of the Trump Rally Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Next Stop, Dow 30,000 Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Health Insurer Anthem Has 30% Upside Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 2 Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds 3 Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Local News Proposals received for Texas Gas property By Keith Lawrence Messenger-Inquirer 14 hrs ago 0 Chamber honors businesses of the year Alorica job fair attracted 340 Spreading the word on Smart911 Building to be improved with Triplett Twist help Free income tax service sites available for families Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Local Sports Much at stake for No. 4 Cats against No. 2 Kansas By MARK MATHIS Messenger-Inquirer 14 hrs ago 0 Aces fall to Paris in All 'A' quarters Apollo wins high-intensity game at Muhlenberg County No. 17 KWC look to continue momentum Calendar Sports calendar: Jan. 28 Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Religion And Values Women of God +2 By Angela Oliver Messenger-Inquirer Updated 14 hrs ago 0 Church bulletin: Jan. 28, 2017 Mini-grant available for special projects Adding water to dry clay The green-eyed monster Mexicans begin to unite against Trump's plans Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports News Back recommended for tax role By STEPHANIE SALMONS McLean County News Jan 26, 2017 0 Police Reports Cougars fall to Wildcats MCHS girls knocked out of All 'A' Tourney MCMS 8th-grade boys down Cardinals, fall to Stars Sacramento Close 1 of 3 Pine Cone Hill The Parker Green Duvet's preppy white stripes are a fun touch ($194-$262, pineconehill.com). MUST CREDIT: Pine Cone Hill. Pier 1 Pier 1's Frankie Cream & Green Armchair has an overscale floral pattern.. ($450, pier1.com). MUST CREDIT: Pier 1 Imports. Walmart Build on that springy feeling by potting houseplants in the Better Homes and Gardens Bombay Decorative Planter ($30 for a set of two, walmart.com).MUST CREDIT: Walmart. featured How to use the Color of the Year by Lindsey M. Roberts Washington Post Jan 15, 2017 0 Pine Cone Hill The Parker Green Duvet's preppy white stripes are a fun touch ($194-$262, pineconehill.com). MUST CREDIT: Pine Cone Hill. Pier 1 Pier 1's Frankie Cream & Green Armchair has an overscale floral pattern.. ($450, pier1.com). MUST CREDIT: Pier 1 Imports. Walmart Build on that springy feeling by potting houseplants in the Better Homes and Gardens Bombay Decorative Planter ($30 for a set of two, walmart.com).MUST CREDIT: Walmart. Pantone selected its 2017 Color of the Year, Greenery, based on research that shows everyone just wants a big, deep breath of air. "We don't all have access to the green forest, but we do have access to things we can bring into our home environment," says Leatrice Eiseman, executive director of the Pantone Color Institute, which advises companies on color and forecasts trends. One way to do that is with this powerful color. When used on an accent wall, kitchen backsplash or throw, it will refresh and energize you. Pair it with warm whites and neutrals for a clean, tranquil vibe, or use a bright white for a fun, contemporary feel. It's especially nice in kitchens, where it's natural to want a fresh feeling, but also in entries and hallways, to transition between room colors. "It is a very optimistic color," says Lori Weitzner, a textile designer in New York and author of "Ode to Color." "Use it in the right way in your home, and it will keep your spirits high." - One of the best places to use a bright green, Weitzner says, is in the kitchen. Add plants and herbs, but also consider a green backsplash, an accent wall or even an indoor-outdoor rug. Dash & Albert's Samode Indoor/Outdoor Rug pairs a vegetal green called Sprout with a warm ivory - and spills come out with a quick hose-down ($48-$672, dashandalbert.com). - Play with Greenery in a small way with the Miguel Green Highball Glass ($7, crateandbarrel.com). Depending on how you set the table, the color changes like a chameleon. With bright whites, "it could be terrific and energetic," Alexandria, Virginia-based interior designer Victoria Sanchez said in an email. It could also counterbalance gray or, when paired with other brights, signal a party atmosphere. - Don't worry about this color being a mere fad. Our eyes never tire of green just as they never tire of a view of trees. Ikea's Fargrik 18-piece dinnerware set brings the timeless hue to your kitchen table ($25, ikea.com). - As Eiseman traveled the world to collect data for this year's color, she took note of people wanting a healthy diet, cooking with more herbs and embracing the green-tea powder called matcha, the color of which matches Greenery almost exactly. Sip your own green tea from the color-matching Pome Mug ($14, anthropologie.com). - "Greenery is also great to use as accents in rugs and throw pillows in an otherwise neutral room," Weitzner says. "They add uplifting energy and can elevate the mood - without creating too much intensity." The Antibes Throw pairs the color with orange, aqua, ivory and navy ($185, lekkerhome.com). - It's widespread design wisdom that the best place to try out trends is in small accessories. A classic throw or pillow for a sofa will do, but why not go for the unexpected pouf? The Hand-Knitted Pouf by Chandra mixes green and cream, making the pattern lively yet serene ($164, burkedecor.com). - Eiseman says she is seeing more light fixtures in vibrant shades of green. The ceramic Lauren Table Lamp, which has a traditional shape, reads contemporary in this glossy color ($129, ballarddesigns.com). - If you love Greenery but don't know where to incorporate it in your furnishings, Eiseman recommends taking an old, shabby chair and re-covering it in a solid-green or green-printed fabric. No lovelorn hand-me-down in your house? You can also buy that accent chair new. We like the overscale floral on the Frankie Cream & Green Armchair. ($450, pier1.com). - "Greenery feels hopeful, happy, new and crisp," Sanchez said. "Also, it is tying us into nature, which I believe is comforting, calm and yet upbeat, too." The tassels on the French Tassel Shower Curtain by Serena & Lily emphasize the playfulness of the color ($78, serenaandlily.com). - Weitzner would pair Greenery with other fun colors, such as melon, lavender and sunny yellow, but she'd do it in small doses. "These happy and curious colors are easy to live with in small amounts," she says. "They are not too sweet nor too saturated." Bold color doesn't come in a smaller dose than on the hands of the Newgate Cubic Grey and White Alarm Table Clock ($40, cb2.com). - Greenery is more of a new-leaf green, not the deeper green of plants in summer, Weitzner says. Build on that springy feeling by potting houseplants in the Better Homes and Gardens Bombay Decorative Planter ($30 for a set of two, walmart.com). - Weitzner knows designers who love plastering a bright green on all four walls of a room. That can be too much for a bedroom, though, so try some fresh green bedding instead. The Parker Green Duvet's preppy white stripes are a fun touch ($194-$262, pineconehill.com). × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. 44° Clear Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Latest News Proposals received for Texas Gas property Much at stake for No. 4 Cats against No. 2 Kansas Chamber honors businesses of the year Alorica job fair attracted 340 Aces fall to Paris in All 'A' quarters Spreading the word on Smart911 Apollo wins high-intensity game at Muhlenberg County Building to be improved with Triplett Twist help Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Convention center promotes Alexander to assistant G.M. Whiskey leaving Owensboro for Louisiana Daviess Circuit Court: Sunday, Jan. 22, 2017 Divorces: Sunday, Jan. 22, 2017 Matthew Huston's Tale Police Reports: Sunday, Jan. 22, 2017 Real Estate Transfers: Sunday, Jan. 22, 2017 Police Reports: Jan. 23, 2017 Police Reports Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Readers Write (3) Readers Write (1) Matthew Huston's Tale (1) Trump draws far smaller inaugural crowd than Obama (1) Watson: City revenues not keeping pace with expenses New mayor said income must increase (1) Group to ask city to add e-cigarettes to smoking ordinance (1) Johnson touts trade work (1) Cain denies conflict of interest in Miles case (1) City, county eye more cooperation (1) Island News (1) Cars NISSAN 350Z '05 28K $11,000 Mileage: 28,000 Updated 16 hrs ago '08 Malibu LTZ All options, 126K mi., dark gray, $5500. $5,500 Mileage: 126,000 Updated 16 hrs ago AUTO MOVER SPECIAL!$24.95 1 PHOTO / 3 LINES / $24.96 Mar 31, 2016 Stocks Homes South. Mallard Place. 2 bedroom, 2 bath, 8plex, garage with $675 Bedrooms: 2 Updated 16 hrs ago 1036 Standish Place N. Updated 3 Br. 2 Ba $199,000 Bedrooms: 3 Bathrooms: 2 Updated 16 hrs ago West- 2253 Hoop Jr. Ct. (Thorobred Acres) 3 bdrm. $875 Bathrooms: 1 Updated 16 hrs ago Special Sections 1-28-17 At Home 14 hrs ago 0 2017 Wedding Planner Jan 22, 2017 0 1-21-17 REIO Jan 21, 2017 0 Real Estate Inside Out for the weekend of Jan. 21-22, 2017. 2017 Chamber Magazine Jan 5, 2017 0 Greater Owensboro Chamber of Commerce Magazine 2017 Agriculture Expo Jan 18, 2017 0 1Q/2017 Dec 23, 2016 0 1Q Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation for 2017. 202 Things To Do May 6, 2016 0 A compilation of events and happenings in Owensboro and the surronding areas. 2016-17 High School Basketball Preview Nov 28, 2016 0 Sections News Sports Opinion Features Obituaries Online Features Classifieds Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Rack Locations Place an Ad Home Delivery Subscription Services Submission Forms Intranet Contact Information www.messenger-inquirer.com 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY 42301 Phone: 270-926-0123 Email: csr@messenger-inquirer.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017, Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer, 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
NESN Red Sox Bruins Patriots Celtics MLB NFL NBA NHL Cars Soccer UFC WWE Odds Fantasy TV Schedule NESN Fuel NESN Video NESN National Advertise Careers About Search Patriots In Super Bowl LI Live Streams NESN Fuel If You Want To Pre-Order Nintendo Switch, You’re Likely Out Of Luck by Dakota Randall on Mon, Jan 16, 2017 at 4:31PM 2,854 Share this: Tweet The Nintendo Switch, Nintendo’s new home-gaming console set for release on March 3, has created a lot of buzz. So much in fact, that learning what the buzz is all about is going to be pretty difficult. GameStop announced Sunday that it had run out of its allotted pre-orders for the console, according to IGN. Since then, the U.S.’s other major console gaming retailers — Amazon, Target, Toys R Us, Walmart and Best Buy — all have listed the console as unavailable. All of this comes just three days after Nintendo officially unveiled the price ($299.99), launch date and gaming lineup for the Switch. People can sign up on Gamestop and other retailers’ websites for e-mail notifications about when and if Switch pre-orders become available again. As you can see, the switch is a hybrid console that enables gamers to play their games at home, or take them on the go with removable, tablet-like hardware. The console also incorporates motion-sensor controls in the form of the “Joycons,” detachable controllers that can be used in a variety of ways. While pre-orders for the system are sold out, you still can reserve various games and accessories, like the recently-announced Mario Kart 8 Deluxe. Thumbnail photo via Nintendo More Stories Celtics Wrap: Boston Survives Bucks’ Comeback Bid In Thrilling Overtime Win Red Sox Left Fielder Andrew Benintendi Named Baseball’s Top Prospect Watch Justin Bieber Get Crushed During NHL Celebrity All-Star Game Over And Over Coyotes Goalie Mike Smith Drills Incredible 200-Foot Goal At NHL Skills Competition Alex Morgan ‘In Shock And Disbelief’ Over President Donald Trump’s Visa Ban Block Chaser News Rods, Muscles and Exotics Excel in Kissimmee Surprises Shake Up Mecum’s Top Sales in Kissimmee Ducati-Heavy Docket Set for Bonhams in Vegas Mecum's American Bikes to Invade Vegas Mecum to Offer Exotic 2-Wheeled Beauties in Las Vegas 24 Ferrari's and a Prewar Bugatti at Gooding & Co. NESN Team Dale Arnold Guerin Austin Andy Brickley Tom Caron Matt Chatham Mike Cole Courtney Cox Zack Cox Sarah Davis Marc DiBenedetto Ricky Doyle Dennis Eckersley Jack Edwards Keely Flanagan Sam Galanis Nicholas Goss Darren Hartwell John Henry Rachel Holt Andre Khatchaturian Doug Kyed Adam London Steve Lyons Cameron McDonough Charlie Moore Marcus O’Mard Adam Pellerin Jerry Remy Nikki Reyes Jim Rice Joshua Schrock Gary Striewski Michaela Vernava Ben Watanabe Jahmai Webster News from COED Australian Open 2017 Final Live Stream: Watch Federer vs. Nadal Online How Much Would You Pay For A Piece Of This 1995 Pizza Hut-Donald Trump Commercial? Carl Frampton vs. Léo Santa Cruz Live Stream: How To Watch Online Kansas vs. Kentucky Live Stream: How To Watch Online For Free Flavia Foianini: Hottest Photos Of The Bolivian Beauty Queen Australian Open Women’s Final Live Stream: Watch Venus vs. Serena Online News from thesportsdaily.com WATCH: John Legend blasts Donald Trump at PGA Awards Stephen Curry drains half-court buzzer-beater (VIDEO) Mikey Garcia knocks out previously-undefeated Dejan Zlaticanin to win title (VIDEO) WATCH: Justin Bieber destroyed by Chris Pronger, crashes into boards in All-Star Game Valentina Shevchenko armbars Julianna Peña, has great dance celebration (VIDEO) Sports Topics Boston Bruins Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox New England Patriots Liverpool FC Baltimore Orioles Boston Boxing Brooklyn Nets Buffalo Bills Buffalo Sabres College Basketball College Football Entertainment Fenway Park Fenway Sports Group Golf Horse Racing Los Angeles Lakers Miami Dolphins Montreal Canadiens New York Giants NASCAR New England Revolution New York Jets New York Knicks New York Rangers New York Yankees Roush Fenway Soccer Tampa Bay Rays Tennis Toronto Blue Jays Toronto Maple Leafs UFC WWE NESN Sources 98.5 Alexa ACE Ticket BostonBruins.com Boston Globe Boston Herald CraveOnline Celtics.com Chartbeat Compete comScore CSN New England ESPN Patriots.com NFL.com NHL.com Quantcast RedSox.com WEEI YES Network Recent Stories UFC Fight Night Denver Results: Valentina Shevchenko Tops Julianna Pena How Can Patriots Slow Down Julio Jones In Super Bowl LI? Roger Federer Vs. Rafael Nadal Australian Open Men’s Final Live Stream NESN Links About NESN Advertise on NESN Contact NESN FAQ Email List Subscribe Unsubscribe NESN on Facebook NESN on Google+ NESN on Twitter NESN on YouTube NESN RSS Feed Privacy Policy Terms of Use Certifications © 2017 NESN Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Sunday, January 29, 2017 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Debra Saunders Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Victor Joecks Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports Basketball Gameday NFL in Vegas Golden Knights/NHL 51s/Baseball Golf Shriners Open MMA/UFC Super Bowl NV Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors Todd Dewey More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Homicide map Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News REV THIS WEEK Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » Local » North Las Vegas Route revealed for funeral...North Las Vegas campus to...     Posted January 16, 2017 - 2:25pm Habit Burger opens first North Las Vegas location Habit Burger opens first North Las Vegas location Customers entering the front door of the Habit Burger Grill in North Las Vegas on Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017. (Raven Jackson/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @ravenmjackson Habit Burger opens first North Las Vegas location Customers wait outside in a long line at the Habit Burger Grill in North Las Vegas on Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017. (Raven Jackson/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @ravenmjackson Habit Burger opens first North Las Vegas location A tray of food is prepared for a customer at the Habit Burger Grill in North Las Vegas on Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017. (Raven Jackson/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @ravenmjackson Habit Burger opens first North Las Vegas location Trays of food are prepared for customers at the Habit Burger Grill in North Las Vegas on Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017. (Raven Jackson/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @ravenmjackson HABIT BURGER & GRILL North Las Vegas address: 6482 N. Decatur Blvd., Suite H100A Hours: 10:30 a.m. to 10 p.m. Sundays through Thursdays and 10:30 a.m. to 11 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays More information: 702-838-0593 or habitburger.com. By RAVEN JACKSON VIEW STAFF WRITER Irvine, California-based restaurant Habit Burger Grill opened its first location in North Las Vegas on Jan. 16 — and its fourth in the Las Vegas Valley — and celebrated its grand opening with free food. The restaurant is at 6482 N. Decatur Blvd., Suite H100A, near the 215 Beltway in the Wal-Mart Supercenter shopping center. “We decided to expand north when we felt we’d have the right market,” said Xiaoming Hu, Habit Burger Grill operations partner, adding that four more Habit Burger Grill locations are set to open in the area within a year. The food is made to order with fresh produce and never-frozen meat, he said. Guests can dine in or carry out; there is no drive-thru. Habit kicked off its grand opening with weeklong festivities, starting with its free-burger day Jan. 10 and open-menu day Jan. 11, when the first 200 guests received a free Charburger, fries and a drink. “The food was amazing. I’m so full, I can’t even finish my burger,” Tanya Evers of North Las Vegas said as she ate with a friend. Evers, who was not familiar with Habit, ordered the Portabella Char burger with fries and a drink. “The fries were even good, and I’m really picky when it comes to fries,” she said. “I’ll definitely be back.” Metropolitan Police Department officer William Moore visited on his lunch break. “The food was high-quality and really good,” he said. During community charity events Jan. 13 and Jan. 14, Habit was set to donate all proceeds to three nonprofit organizations: Candlelighters Childhood Cancer Foundation of Nevada, Opportunity Village and Spread the Word Nevada. The first Habit Burger in the valley opened Aug. 12, 2015, at 365 Hughes Center Drive, near East Flamingo and Paradise roads. The second opened June 8 at 4830 Blue Diamond Road, Suite 130, in Las Vegas, and the third opened Aug. 10 at 543 N. Stephanie St. in Henderson. Contact Raven Jackson at rjackson@viewnews.com or 702-383-0283. Follow @ravenmjackson on Twitter. HABIT BURGER & GRILL North Las Vegas address: 6482 N. Decatur Blvd., Suite H100A Hours: 10:30 a.m. to 10 p.m. Sundays through Thursdays and 10:30 a.m. to 11 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays More information: 702-838-0593 or habitburger.com. Route revealed for funeral...North Las Vegas campus to...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular State, county officials question demands laid in Raiders’ proposed lease Las Vegas Paving snaps up property at Lake Las Vegas Mega Millions ticket purchased at Primm Valley Lotto wins first jackpot of 2017 for $188M Developer Steve Wynn to start work on Paradise Park before end of ‘17 Las Vegas still craves popular retail and restaurant brands Columnists Features Christopher Lawrence Virtual reality films are Sundance’s latest sensation   Mike Weatherford At least one ‘Caveman’ will miss the circus   Wayne Allyn Root COMMENTARY: In his first week, Donald Trump runs circles around his political opponents   Charles Krauthammer COMMENTARY: The foreign policy section ofDonald Trump’s inaugural addres has received far less attention than so revolutionary a declaration deserved.   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR SUN 29 MON 30 TUE 31 WED 1 THU 2 FRI 3 SAT 4 A All Week   Loading... Search       Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
January 28, 2017 | 71° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Business Breaking| Top News Overtime pay expansion faces uncertain future Justin Elliott. ProPublica Posted January 16, 2017 January 16, 2017 Updated January 16, 2017 11:57am STAR-ADVERTISER Walmart workers began stocking the shelves at its new downtown store, in Jue 2014, where Macy’s used to be. One of the first tests of Trump’s pledge to help workers will come in how his administration handles the complicated rules that govern who has the right to time-and-a-half overtime pay. Donald Trump ran for president as the billionaire who would champion working people. As the president-elect put it in one of the major economic speeches of his campaign: “Too many of our leaders have forgotten that it’s their duty to protect the jobs, wages and well-being of American workers before any other consideration.” One of the first tests of Trump’s pledge to help workers will come in how his administration handles the complicated rules that govern who has the right to time-and-a-half overtime pay. Business groups and Republican state attorneys general sued to stop an Obama administration rule that would expand who gets overtime pay. A federal court temporarily blocked the rule in November. Now the Trump administration will decide whether to continue defending the rule in court. At stake is the possibility of overtime pay for about 4 million workers around the country. To get a sense of how big a deal that is: The still-sketchy deal to save factory jobs at a Carrier plant in Indiana 2014 the subject of numerous Trump tweets and extensive media coverage 2014 affected 1,000 or fewer workers. Here’s how overtime works now Most employees in the country have the legal right to time-and-a-half overtime pay if they work more than 40 hours in a week. But there’s a major exception to that: white-collar workers. So who qualifies as a white-collar worker? The government has a test for that. To be considered a white-collar worker who does not qualify for overtime pay: You have to be paid a salary and not by the hour. You have to make more than $455 per week 2014 the equivalent of $23,660 per year. And you have to work in certain types of jobs, including executive, administrative or professional positions. That has nothing to do with your title, but rather is defined by the nature of your job. For example, executive employees have to, among other things, supervise other workers. Here are more details on how it all works. Labor advocates say some employers have been playing games with who is considered a white-collar worker. There have been a series of lawsuits and settlements outlining how, for example, the dollar store industry classifies employees as managers to avoid paying overtime. Some workers classified as managers spent much of their time doing the same manual labor as their subordinates. Halliburton in 2015 agreed to pay $18 million in back wages for overtime to about 1,000 employees who worked as pipe recovery specialists and drilling advisers, among other jobs. The company acknowledged it had improperly classified those workers as exempt from the overtime rules. Walmart paid a $4.8 million settlement in 2012 for not paying security guards and other employees overtime they were due. The Obama administration argues that the current overtime salary threshold, which was last raised in 2004 and has been eroded by inflation, is outdated. According to the Department of Labor, in 1975, 62 percent of full-time salaried workers were eligible for overtime based on their pay. That compares to just 7 percent today. The Obama rule would make another 4 million people eligible for overtime The most important change made by the Obama administration was raising the salary threshold below which you generally have the right to overtime pay, regardless of your job duties. The new level 2014 which is currently on hold because of the pending lawsuit 2014 is $913 per week, or $47,476 per year. That’s double the old standard of $23,660 per year. The Department of Labor has calculated that the new rule could benefit 4.2 million workers around the country. The affected workers would either start getting overtime for any time worked over 40 hours a week, or their salaries would have to be increased above the new threshold. Business groups opposing the rule, most prominently the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, argued that “the salary threshold is going to result in significant new labor costs and cause many disruptions in how work gets done” including by reducing “workplace flexibility, remote electronic access to work, and opportunities for career advancement.” Some employers, acting on the expectation that the rule would go into effect, have already raised salaries. The biggest name on the list is Walmart, which bumped starting pay for some managers from $45,000 to $48,500 in order to exempt them from overtime pay. Politico reported that other employers that had promised pay increases, including several universities, have now cancelled the raises in light of the uncertainty around whether the rule will actually go in effect. (Have you heard anything from your employer about overtime changes? Tell us about it.) Trump’s pick for labor secretary has attacked the idea of expanding overtime, and the president-elect himself seems skeptical When Trump was asked about the rule in August, he spoke of “a delay or a carve-out of sorts for our small business owners.” It’s not clear from his comments that Trump actually knew the details of the pending Obama changes. The Trump transition team didn’t response to a request for comment. The Department of Justice also declined to comment about what could happen in the lawsuit after Jan. 20. Andrew Puzder, Trump’s pick to be secretary of labor and the CEO of a fast-food company, has spoken out strongly against the overtime rule. In a 2014 Wall Street Journal op-ed, Puzder warned against “rewarding time spent rather than time well spent.” “What they lose in overtime pay they gain in the stature and sense of accomplishment that comes from being a salaried manager,” Puzder said of workers trying to climb the management ladder. The fate of the rule depends on how things play out in a lawsuit that will drag on past the inauguration In September, business groups including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce along with 21 states sued to block the new overtime rule. In late November, a federal judge in Texas temporarily blocked the rule from going into effect, which was supposed to happen Dec. 1. The judge also signaled he is likely to eventually side with the business groups, though it’s not clear when that ruling will come. As of right now, the case is proceeding on two fronts, in both the district court and appeals court. The only thing that’s known for sure is the litigation will continue past Jan. 20. At that point, the Trump administration could decide to stop defending the rule or not to appeal any judgment against it. Fearing that outcome, the AFL-CIO is trying to intervene in the case, hoping to continue defending the new rule if the Trump administration drops it. The district court hasn’t yet ruled on that motion. ProPublica is a Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative newsroom. Sign up for their newsletter. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Isle company halts its efforts to farm ahi Consolidation of Genki Sushi suits is sought Facebook co-founder wins praise for decision to end suits Olympian Kawamoto-Konno endeavored to win for family honor Worker crushed to death in Waipio, police say 9 comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. localcitizen says: January 16, 2017 at 11:43 am so He MIGHT, COULD, but hasn’t done anything yet and you are already attacking even the conversation?? wow anyone that slightly disagrees with the democrats is attacked and they say this is a democratic approach? more like Russia …… Log in to Reply allie says: January 16, 2017 at 4:45 pm Even my overtime won’t pay for the horror of rail Log in to Reply jussayin says: January 16, 2017 at 11:45 am Fast note: under Obama “wage gains were largely confined to the rich”. Need SA and other media to be more balanced when writing or linking articles. Too much bias where there are fake news and politically biased news. Log in to Reply samidunn says: January 16, 2017 at 11:52 am Obama has already done that Log in to Reply hanabatadayz says: January 16, 2017 at 11:54 am if the people you supervise are making more than you because of overtime then something is wrong Log in to Reply hawaiikone says: January 16, 2017 at 8:33 pm You’re not hiring enough people? Log in to Reply AhiPoke says: January 16, 2017 at 12:14 pm I know of salespeople who earn more than $100k each year, including their commission. Because their base pay is below $48.5K, they would qualify for overtime. Log in to Reply st1d says: January 16, 2017 at 3:44 pm the star advertiser is now trolling bloggers for news stories? Log in to Reply kuroiwaj says: January 16, 2017 at 8:21 pm If you are paid by the hour, you are due overtime over 40 hours a week (Sunday to Saturday) or if covered by a collective bargaining agreement you are paid overtime if required to work over 8 hours per 24 hours. If you are paid by salary, you do not have overtime. At times, employers evaluate salaried workers and provide a bonus at the employers decision. Now, Hawaii born President Obama attempted to confuse the issue through Executive Orders and from the U.S. Dept of Labor policies. Log in to Reply Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
PennLive Menu Home News Sports Penn State Football High School Sports Entertainment Food & Dining Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Local News National & World Pa. Politics Business Harrisburg Philadelphia Pittsburgh Community News Obituaries Crime Weather Traffic Photos Videos Special Projects Site Index Back to Main Menu Penn State Football Pittsburgh Panthers Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers NFL Recruiting High School Sports Fantasy Football Motorsports Little League World Series Penn State Sports Penn State Wrestling Hershey Bears Harrisburg Senators Harrisburg City Islanders Golf Outdoors Back to Main Menu Eagles Steelers Ravens Back to Main Menu Fan Talk Recruiting Videos Photo Galleries PSU Columnists Back to Main Menu Bob Flounders David Jones Greg Pickel Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Offseason Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Field Hockey Boys Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Softball Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Girls Volleyball Bowling Back to Main Menu Pa. Life & Culture Cool Spaces Vintage Photos Proms Movies Music Television Travel Living Gardening Columnists Events Comics Puzzles Back to Main Menu Nancy Eshelman Dawn Marron Marcus Schneck George Weigel Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Cooking & Recipes Restaurants PennLive Picks Back to Main Menu Editorials Op-Eds John Micek's Morning Coffee Letters to the Editor Cartoons Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search PennLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to PennLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts comments Police accuse 3 of using 27 fraudulent credit cards at Walmart FotorCreated.jpg Suspects wanted in credit card theft incidents at Walmart in Lower Allen Township. (submitted) Print Email Barbara Miller | bmiller@pennlive.com By Barbara Miller | bmiller@pennlive.com The Patriot-News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 16, 2017 at 2:43 PM, updated January 17, 2017 at 2:08 PM comments Police are looking for three people accused of using 27 fraudulent credit cards to defraud victims of more than $1,800, Lower Allen Township police said. The incidents occurred between Nov. 19 between 12:19 and 12:34 p.m. at the Walmart in the 3400 block of Hartzdale Drive, police said. The cards were used in 17 transactions totaling $1,824, police said. While the suspects attempted to use 27 different card numbers, some were denied, said Officer Thomas Gelnett. The suspects are believed to have made fake credit cards from card numbers they obtained from people, Gelnett said. Police have identified the credit card numbers that have been compromised. Anyone with information on this incident or similar ones is asked to call Lower Allen Township police at 717-975-7575 ext. 1556. Man cited in assault on student at technical school Most Read PENNLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Active Discussions Get 'Today's Front Page' in your inbox This newsletter is sent every morning at 6 a.m. and includes the morning's top stories, a full list of obituaries, links to comics and puzzles and the most recent news, sports and entertainment headlines. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up for 'Today's Front Page' To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us PA Media Group Advertise with Us Career Opportunities Contact Us Send Us a News Tip Community Rules Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Manage your Patriot-News Subscription e-Newsletters PennLive Sections Home News Sports PSU Football High School Sports Entertainment Pa. Life & Culture Pa. Food & Dining Opinion Business Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Mobile Apps iPhone, Android Apps | Tablet Apps More on PennLive Videos Photos Weather Contests Post a Job Post a Free Classified Ad Sell your Car Sell/Rent your Home Sitemap & Search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 PA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Law & Disorder — Biometrics leads to arrest of accused child molester on the lam 17 years FBI says it matched suspect's passport photo with pics from nearly 20 years ago. David Kravets - Jan 16, 2017 7:45 pm UTC Enlarge / Nearly two-decade-old photos of a suspected child molester matched a 2007 passport photo via a biometrics analysis by the FBI, leading to Charles Hollin's arrest in Oregon. FBI / Aurich Lawson reader comments 78 Share this story A fugitive suspected of molesting a 10-year-old Indiana girl 17 years ago has been arrested after the Federal Bureau of Investigation employed facial recognition technology, according to court documents. The bureau said the suspect's US passport photo in December was run though a Facial Analysis, Comparison, and Evaluation (FACE) test, and it matched photos taken before he disappeared nearly two decades ago. Charles Hollin, 61, was arrested in Salem, Oregon last week at a Walmart where he works. He had both Minnesota and Oregon driver's licenses with his picture on them. The agency said it did not perform a biometrics analysis with those databases because they have not opened up their DMV roles for the bureau to search. The bureau noted in a court filing that the government maintains "top secret" databases containing biometric profiles. "The Department of Motor Vehicles for Minnesota and Oregon were not searched due to the fact that it was prohibited by law. Additional searches were conducted in various federal secret and top secret databases. All of these searches were negative," Todd Prewitt, an FBI agent, wrote in court documents (PDF). Further ReadingFacial recognition nabs 14-year fugitive in Nepal, FBI says Hollin had vanished when Indiana authorities went to arrest him in February, 2000. The authorities suspect Hollin abducted a 10-year-old girl, put a stocking mask over her head, drove to a secluded area, and then molested her. They suspect he abandoned the girl naked on an isolated road, where she was found by a passerby. He went by the identity of Andrew David Hall, who was an 8-year-old boy killed in a 1975 Kentucky auto crash, the authorities said. The US Government Accountability Office (GAO) says the bureau has access to roughly 412 million images as part of its face-recognition database. The bulk of those images are photographs of people who have committed no crime, according to the recent GAO report. The report says the bureau's FACE unit contains 30 million mug shots, has access to driver license photos from 16 states, the State Department's visa and passport database, and the biometric database maintained by the Defense Department. The report did not mention any top secret database. But it did fault the FBI for being lax about privacy and the accuracy of the photos in its database. The bureau has used facial recognition to capture other long-vanished suspects. A US fugitive on the lam for 14 years in connection with child sex abuse and kidnapping charges was apprehended in Nepal in 2014 after authorities scanned his "wanted" poster with facial recognition tech. David Kravets The senior editor for Ars Technica. Founder of TYDN fake news site. Technologist. Political scientist. Humorist. Dad of two boys. Been doing journalism for so long I remember manual typewriters with real paper. Email david.kravets@arstechnica.com // Twitter @dmkravets reader comments 78 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Abattis Announces an Independent Valuation on Green Nature Health Care Products Abattis Announces an Independent Valuation on Green Nature Health Care Products Posted on January 16, 2017 by Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer VANCOUVER, BC / ACCESSWIRE / January 16, 2017 / Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (OTCQB: ATTBF) (CNSX: ATT) (the “Company” or “Abattis”) provides an update to its shareholders. Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. has begun an independent valuation on Green Nature Health Care Products Inc. after the company posted strong performance within their existing and upcoming product catalogue in both Q3 and Q4 of 2016. Green Nature, with which Abattis entered into an international licensing and co-branding agreement back in November of 2016, continues to import it’s branded dried-fruit products to some 200 food based supply chains in China, including Shanghai Duty Free (five stores), Yangzhou Pharmacy (20 stores), and Wal-Mart (388 stores). Green Nature’s products are also found in Canada at TNT Markets and ~50 healthcare product stores. Green Nature recently received a purchase order from a large Japanese supplier (250 national stores) for monthly container shipments of Green Nature’s signature dried fruit products. Green Nature has also started final packaging on several new product lines, including Hemp and Granola products, which the company plans to reveal through its busy tradeshow and sales schedule in 2017. As a result of these developments, Abattis has begun an independent valuation on Green Nature’s business in order to determine its suitability as a strategic acquisition target. The initial agreement between Green Nature and Abattis gives Abattis the right to acquire Green Nature, by issuing common stock, if the opportunity should be deemed as accretive to Abattis by the board. Additionally, Vergence Visionary Bioceuticals Corp., doing business as Vergence Sales and Marketing Group, a subsidiary of Abattis, has entered into an MOU with VitaminGum to expand their sales channels into the South Korean Market through Global Damon Pharma (“GDP”), with whom Abattis has sales and distribution agreements in place for their proprietary products, and those under exclusive license to Vergence/Abattis. The “Functional Food” segment is expected to grow at a CAGR of 6.84% between 2016-2022 and represents a quarter of the Global Nutraceutical Market, which is projected to reach $302.31 billion by the end of the same period. Abattis, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Vergence Sales and Marketing Group, is strategically positioned to capitalize on this trend and has planned for an aggressive sales schedule in the Asia-Pacific region for 2017. About Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. Abattis is a specialty agricultural technology and biotechnology company which aggregates, integrates, and invests in agricultural technologies and biotechnology services for the legal cannabis industry developing in Canada. The Company has successfully developed and licensed natural health products, medicines, extractions, and ingredients for the biologics, nutraceutical, bioceutical, and cosmetic markets. The Company also is also seeking to acquire exclusive intellectual property rights to agricultural technologies to be employed in extraction and processing of botanical ingredients and compounds. The Company follows strict standard operating protocols, and adheres to the applicable laws of Canada and foreign jurisdictions. For more information, visit the Company’s website at: www.abattis.com. About Vergence Visionary Bioceuticals Corp. Vergence Visionary Bioceuticals, dba Vergence Sales and Marketing Group, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. based in Vancouver, B.C., Canada. The Vergence team are bioceutical marketing specialists focused on health products to penetrate the fast growing market for natural, safe, and effective natural products that meet unmet wellness needs. About Green Nature Health Care Products Green Nature Health Care Products Inc. (http://www.green-nature.ca/en/) was established in 2012 by Jasmine Guan. The main market is the local travelers and immigrants, wholesalers. Over 400 customers have been obtained in China since the end of 2012 on dried blueberry and cranberry dried products, including the Wal-Mart chain supermarket and more than 200 to import and export food-based industry chain supermarkets. Green Nature has customs clearance through six cities in China: Shanghai, Nantong, Qingdao, Tianjin, Guangzhou, Hong Kong. ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD “Rene David” Rene David, CFO, Acting CEO For further information, contact the Company at (778) 883-7869 or at news@abattis.com. FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION This press release contains forward-looking statements. The use of any of the words “anticipate,” “continue,” “estimate,” “expect,” “may,” “will,” “project,” “should,” “believe,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that the expectations and assumptions on which the forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements because the Company can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Since forward-looking statements address future events and conditions, by their very nature they involve inherent risks and uncertainties. These statements speak only as of the date of this press release. Actual results could differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors and risks various risk factors discussed in the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis under the Company’s profile on www.sedar.com. While the Company may elect to, it does not undertake to update this information at any particular time. NEITHER THE CANADIAN SECURITIES EXCHANGE NOR ITS REGULATIONS SERVICES PROVIDER HAVE REVIEWED OR ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASE. SOURCE: Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. ReleaseID: 452847 Latest News A Game-Changer in How Women Shop Premium Athletic Wear Quartz Master to Expand Throughout California The McLean Group Advises Metis on its Recapitalization Author’s Helpful Journey on the Path to Transformation JoyFLIPS to Give Away 4 Apple iPads at Its RootsTech 2017 Launch LexInsight Launches Relativity Integration to Simplify eDiscovery Hiring Art Ventures Gallery Announces Inaugural Exhibition, Against (the) Algorithm—Around The World In 40 Years Leaked Trump Executive Order Bans International Travel for Permanent Residents and Legal Visa Holders From Certain Countries Aaron Couron, of Visual Data Group and LivingQlik, Inducted in the Qlik Luminary Class of 2017 Free People Launches New Wellness Retreats for 2017 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 10 P/SUNNY TOKYO (6 p.m.) Markets 115.23 ¥/$ (5 p.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Miracle Stewart (right), an employee of Amazon PrimeNow, prepares bags to fill with orders from customers making purchases, at a distribution hub in New York Dec. 21. Amazon said Thursday that it plans to hire 100,000 people across the U.S. over the next 18 months. The online retailer says they are full-time jobs that come with benefits. Many of the jobs will be at new fulfillment centers being built in several states, including California, Florida and Texas. | AP Business / Corporate As big stores close, shed jobs, Amazon plans to hire 100,000, and Trump takes a bow AP Jan 13, 2017 Article history Online: Jan 13, 2017 Last Modified: Jan 13, 2017 PRINT SHARE NEW YORK – Amazon plans to hire 100,000 full-time workers over the next 18 months, highlighting its ambitious expansion plans — and the sharp contrast the e-commerce powerhouse strikes against traditional brick-and-mortar retailers, many of which are cutting jobs and closing stores. Amazon has long been known for investing the money it makes back into its businesses, and it’s doing that with a vengeance. The new hires will largely support new Amazon fulfillment centers in states such as Texas and California, expanded delivery capabilities and its money-minting Amazon Web Services cloud computing business. The numbers are generally in line with Amazon’s past hiring plans. Amazon, which had a total of 306,800 full-time and part-time employees globally at the end of September, hired 123,700 people globally during the 15 months that ended in September, according to quarterly filings. Amazon said Thursday its U.S. workforce has grown from 30,000 in 2011 to over 180,000 at the end of 2016. By comparison, Walmart — the world’s largest retailer — employs about 2.4 million people worldwide, including 1.5 million workers in the U.S. Baird analyst Colin Sebastian said the announcement shows that Amazon’s hiring appears to be accelerating. “We view this announcement positively in terms of the current trajectory of Amazon’s businesses, as well as management’s confidence in the long-term outlook,” he said. “The hiring is consistent with our view that Amazon will continue to invest aggressively in its retail, media, technology and logistics businesses.” The news comes a month after President-elect Donald Trump met with tech leaders, including Amazon founder Jeff Bezos. Throughout the presidential election campaign Trump and Bezos clashed after Trump attacked Bezos and The Washington Post, which Bezos owns. But they appeared to make nice when Bezos attended the meeting in December. Sean Spicer, the incoming White House press secretary, noted in a call with reporters on Thursday that Amazon made the announcement after the meeting, when Trump urged tech leaders to keep jobs in the U.S. Spicer said that Trump was “pleased to play a role” in the job gains. Amazon did not immediately respond to a request to comment on what role, if any, Trump had in the jobs announcement. Baird’s Sebastian downplayed the politics factor, noting only that the online retailer may have deployed some “political capital” in the timing and details of its announcement. “We suspect there is little, if any, shift of employment at Amazon from international locations to the U.S.,” he said. “Moreover, we expect the pace of hiring internationally to accelerate as well.” Things are much less rosy at traditional brick-and-mortar retailers. Last week, The Limited said it would close all its stores and Macy’s moved forward with plans to close 68 stores and said it will cut more than 10,000 jobs. There have been unconfirmed reports that Walmart is also planning layoffs. “The move from bricks to clicks is causing major disruption in the retail industry,” said economist Diane Swonk. Photos Click to enlarge Keywords Amazon, Donald Trump, jobs Business How Russia secretly sold its oil jewel Japanese chamber makes proposals to Suu Kyi to promote investment Japanese retailers focus on selling experiences in Lunar New Year Campaigns Toshiba to withdraw from nuclear plant construction, chairman to quit Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Abe’s kanji gaffe makes Twitter’s trend tally Foreign workers in Japan hit the 1 million mark for the first time last autumn: ministry Tourists flock to Japan to kick off Chinese New Year Trump statement on Holocaust makes no mention of Jews Osaka dig yields 140 tombs likely from Yayoi Period ‘Good parent’ ditched in custody case reversal Yokozuna Kisenosato carries out first ring-entry ceremony Trump to speak with Abe in phone conversation likely to focus on trade Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Police and Law Enforcement 1 week later, still no sign of suspected Orlando cop-killer By FOX 35 Orlando Published January 16, 2017 Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print   ORLANDO, Fla. –  The memorial for fallen Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton continues to grow outside the department’s headquarters in Downtown Orlando. The intense manhunt for her killer rages on with Monday marking eight days since the search for suspect Markeith Loyd began. Lt. Clayton was gunned down January 9 in the parking lot of an Orlando Walmart. The search for Loyd led dozens of police officers and deputies to the Rosemont neighborhood Sunday evening. Related stories... Professor charged with punching cop during prostitution sting Police: Suspect shot after tossing flaming liquid on cop, K9 Georgia cop says 'Black Lives Matter' was scrawled across doughnut box Neighbors watched as armored vehicles moved down the street. "I was scared at first. I'm not going to lie,” resident Justine Clark said. “I closed all the blinds." Investigators confirmed they were searching the woods near the old Rosemont Golf Club for Loyd. Fox 35 saw dozens of officers with M-16's in hand and tactical gear on their backs. "I've been on alert...high alert...very high alert," Clark said. Click for more from FOX35Orlando.com. Advertisement Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Business Economy Bill Gates Mark Zuckerberg From Microsoft to Facebook, how have the world's eight richest men built their fortune? Top 8 billionaires are as wealthy as the 3.6 billion people that make up the poorer 50% of the planet. By Dan Cancian January 16, 2017 16:43 GMT Bill Gates remains the world's wealthiest man.Tiksa Negeri/ Reuters Bill Gates, along with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg and his Amazon counterpart Jeff Bezos, have been named among the planet's eight men, who combined are worth as much as the poorest 50% of the world. According to a report published on Monday (16 January) by anti-poverty charity Oxfam, the eight, which also include Amancio Ortega — the founder of the Spanish fashion chain Zara — and Berkshire Hathaway chief executive Warren Buffett, are as wealthy as the 3.6 billion people who make up the poorest half of the globe's population. So, how did they build their phenomenal wealth? Who are the world's richest people? How did Bill Gates get rich? The founder of Microsoft has been a mainstay in the world's richest men list, claiming the top spot in 17 of the 22 years he has made the grade, and he has been the world's wealthiest man since 2014. Gates, whose net wealth is currently estimated to be at $84.2bn, is renowned for regularly selling his shares in Microsoft, and as of September 2016 he only owned a 2.5% stake in the computer giant. However, while Gates is rightly identified with the company he founded, Microsoft amounts for only 13% of his fortune, as the Seattle-born billionaire has investments in a host of other ventures. The 61-year-old, who has held the title of America's richest person for 23 years running, has donated to charity throughout his career and he and his wife Melinda plan to devolve around 95% of their wealth to philanthropic causes. How did Warren Buffett get rich? The world's third-richest man is largely considered to be one of the most successful investors in history and, with a net worth of $72.5bn, it is easy to see why. The Oracle of Omaha, as Buffett is widely known, became a millionaire in 1962, shortly before he began buying stocks in Berkshire Hathaway, which now owns stakes in a number of blue-chip companies such as Apple, Coca-Cola, American Express and Wal-Mart. The 85-year-old, who claims his best investment was purchasing Benjamin Graham's book The Intelligent Investor in 1949, still lives in the home he purchased for $31,500 in his native Nebraska in 1958. Warren Buffett is one of the world's most closely watched investorsReuters How did Amancio Ortega get rich? Europe's wealthiest man and the richest retailer on the planet, Ortega rose to prominence by co-founding the clothing chain Zara with his late wife in 1975. Within a decade the company had expanded across Spain, before crossing the Atlantic in 1989. Since then Ortega's fortune has enjoyed a meteoric rise. The Spaniard, whose net worth stands at $72.4bn, still owns almost 60% of the Inditex company, which owns Zara as well as a number of other brands including Massimo Dutti, Oysho, Pull and Bear and Bershka, among others. Ortega made light work of Spain's financial crisis as he gained $45bn between 2009 and 2014. How did Jeff Bezos get rich? Like many successful businessmen, Bezos took a gamble when he quit his job at a hedge fund in New York to set up his own company. The gamble has handsomely paid off, as Amazon, which began as an internet merchant of books, has grown to become the world's largest online retailer. Bezos' net worth is estimated to be around $70.3bn after he added $20bn in the 14 months to the end of last year, the biggest gain of anyone in the world. The 53-year-old was one of the first to put money in Google, investing $750,000 in 1998, which have returned 5.3 million shares now worth over $4bn. How did Carlos Slim Helú get rich? News of Donald Trump's surprise victory in the race to the White House dealt a severe blow to Slim's finances, which declined by $5bn within four days of Trump's election. The Mexican, who was the world's second wealthiest person in 2015, still retains a net worth of approximately $48.4bn. He began his career as a stockbroker, before becoming a successful investor. With a 17% stake, the 76-year-old is the largest shareholder in the New York Times, but shares in his America Movil, Slim's Latin American mobile operator, have been under pressure in recent years due to the local currency's decline and a stricter telecom regulations. How did Mark Zuckerberg get rich? Zuckerberg famously launched Facebook from his Harvard dormitory room in February 2004. Eight years later, with the social network boasting over 845 million monthly users , the company began selling shares to the public and reached a market capitalisation of $104bn. Within another two years, Facebook was the quickest company in the history of the Standard & Poor's 500 Index to reach a market cap of $250bn, while Zuckerberg's net worth is estimated to be around $53.8bn. The 32-year-old was the youngest entry among Forbes Magazine's world top 10 billionaires last year and, in December 2015, pledged to give away 99% ofhis and his wife's Facebook stock over their lifetime. As a result, the social network's stock price rose by 15% over the following 12 months. Facebook boss Mark Zuckerberg is the youngest entry in the world's top 10 billionaires.Reuters/Mariana Bazo How did Larry Ellison get rich? Last year, the founder and chief executive of computer technology firm Oracle dropped out of the top three of America's richest men for the first time since 2007, even though his fortune rose by $1.8bn in the 12 months to September 2016. The 72-year-old, whose net worth stands at $48.6bn, took the company he funded public in 1986 – just one day before Microsoft did the same. How did Michael Bloomberg get rich? The former New York mayor kicked off his career on Wall Street half a century ago, when he began working for investment bank Salomon Brothers, before going on to become head of equity trading and then head of information services. Salomon Brothers was sold in 1981 and Bloomberg was let go, but in the same year he set up the company that bears his name, which would become a giant in its field. The 74-year-old, who is worth approximately $41.8bn, returned to his company, of which he owns an 88% stake, in 2015 following his mayoral career and has seen his fortune grow by another $6.4bn since. Real time net worth as of 16/1/2017, as provided by Forbes.com More business news 8 individuals own as much wealth as the world's poorest 3.6 billion people Eurozone bailout chief warns Brexit will have a much bigger impact on the UK than on the EU Fiat Chrysler jeeps to be tested in the UK amid emission scandal Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close President Trump discusses regulations and tariffs with business leaders Columnists Tony Earnshaw “Remembering John Hurt: A wildly funny actor 'rooted in normality' READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event The Artificial Intelligence and Data Science in Capital Markets event... Tata Steel pension scheme's trustee warns deficit could jump to £2bn Tata Steel is aiming to spin off its pension scheme as part of a... Brussels cringes as Trump's man compares EU to Soviet Union Trump ally also said Jean-Claude Juncker was 'a very adequate mayor... Shell and Eni ordered to temporarily forfeit Nigerian oil bloc amid corruption investigation The offshore bloc is estimated to contain up to 9 billion barrels of... UK committed to free and open trade with both US and Canada, Trade Minister Liam Fox says Canada Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne also reiterated his... Commodities Round-up: Oil futures nosedive as traders turn attention to US rig counts Stronger dollar hit gold while crude oil headed lower on fears of... Two London-based traders jailed for conspiring to defraud Russian brokerage firm Georgy Urumov and Vladimir Gersamia attempted to defraud... FTSE Moves: London market treads water despite Tesco's £3.7bn swoop for Booker Tesco gets its mojo back with a heavyweight deal for the county's... Bosch, Cisco and Foxconn join blockchain and IoT consortium Group includes BNY Mellon, Bosch, Cisco, Gemalto, and Foxconn, as... FX Focus: Dollar struggles for direction as US economy slowed sharply at the end of 2016 Pound falls below $1.26 as traders cash in after currency hit highest... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News What's Hot Nintendo Switch vs Wii U: Graphics Comparison Makes Switch Worth The Buy, But Console Already Sold Out By Voltaire Roño on January 17 2017 02:42 AM Nintendo Switch Share Tweet Share Share Email The Nintendo Switch is already sold out! Pre-orders for the Nintendo Switch have begun since last week on major retailers across the US. Now preorders are being stopped by nearly all of these major retailers. Just like the Nintendo NES Classic Edition, demand for the Nintendo Switch is overwhelming. Switch Best Buy, Walmart, Amazon, and Amazon UK have all closed off further preorders on the Nintendo Switch. Other retailers also share a similar story. GameStop had recently announced in a press release that they completely sold out all of their Nintendo Switch stock. Although the Nintendo Switch is already sold out virtually everywhere at the moment, hopeful shoppers still have some luck with GAME UK, which still accepts pre orders. However, there is a catch. Chance are they may not receive their Nintendo Switch on the launch date. GAME UK has yet to receive official confirmation on the Switch stock allocation. GAME UK wrote on their site: “At this time we have not received official confirmation of stock allocation. Until we have our allocation confirmed by Nintendo we cannot guarantee that every order will be fulfilled for launch.” Zelda The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is set to launch with the Nintendo Switch. This latest Zelda game is easily one of the most anticipated games for 2017. This game may also be one of the main reasons why the Switch had become sold out everywhere so quickly. Shoppers lucky enough to get their hands on the Nintendo Switch on launch day will be getting their money’s worth when they get to play Breath of the Wild. Many were concerned about the Switch’s graphical improvement from the Wii U, Breath of the Wild’s arrival has finally given us benchmarks on the Nintendo Switch’s capabilities. YouTube channel GameXplain has recently uploaded a video comparison showcasing the improved graphics of Breath of the Wild on the Nintendo Switch when compared to its Wii U version. The Nintendo Switch version of Legend of Zelda: Beathe of the Wild is clearly better. The Switch edition has sharper graphics and improvements in both color and lighting. The Nintendo Switch may be a hard find today but things may change soon just before launch date. Hopefully, everyone gets to enjoy Legend of Zelda: Breathe of the Wild on the Nintendo Switch this coming March 3 when the Switch is finally released. Also Read: Nintendo Switch Skyrim: Comparison With Console Special Edition Remaster Related Items:Breath of the Wild, legend of zelda breath of the wild nintendo switch, nintendo switch, Nintendo Switch Sold-out Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you ‘Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim’ Special Edition Hints At Mod Support For Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch FAQs that Video Gamers Have Right Now: Possible Answers Here Zelda Breath Of The Wild Map Size With Skyrim And Past Zelda Games About the author Voltaire Roño Voltaire Rono?s a gaming enthusiast for most his life with firsthand experience with a plethora of different gaming platforms and genres. Voltaire?s specialty is with MMORPG?s having achieved various in-game achievements in Ran Online, Nostale, Dragon Nest, and Tree of Savior. He is always updated and studying the latest news and insights on gaming and technology in preparation for the next great adventure. Featured Resident Evil 7 Sales Numbers: Capcom Inches In On Resident Evil 5’s Lifetime Sales Tekken 7 DLC: “We Do Not Sell Classic Tekken Characters,” Says Director Rainbow Six Siege: Renown Bonus Event And Free 1 Day Booster After Server Outage The Sims 4 Cheats For City Living, Vampire Mode: Everything You Need To Know Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Viral: You’ll Never Guess What This Monk Work At Night Buddhist monks are usually a group of people who are seen by many as... Resident Evil 7 Sales Numbers: Capcom Inches In On Resident Evil 5’s Lifetime Sales Resident Evil 7 has already reached 2.5 million sales three days since its release.... Resident Evil 7 Banned Footage Vol. 2 DLC: Magazine Scan Shows First Images For The Daughters, Jack’s 55th Birthday, And 21 Shortly after the launch of Resident Evil 7, Capcom revealed the first set of... Splatoon 2 Special Abilities: All Weapon Skills We Know So Far During the last Nintendo Switch reveals, the Splatoon 2 trailer was released and it... Injustice 2 Characters: Nightwing Not Returning As Damien Wayne Dons Robin Costume After revealing Robin as one of the Injustice 2 characters, NetherRealms has decided to... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 mobile gaming The Division featured no man's sky PC iOS pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick facebook playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Blizzard Pokemon Go Update Game of Thrones games NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Deals * Discounts * Couponing * More Tags... Industry News * Deals * More Industries... News By Location * New York City   New York   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News January 2017 Su Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo 29 28 27 26 25 24 23 What Is Ibotta - $10 Ibotta Bonus. Make Free Money Shopping 2017! How can you earn money with the Ibotta app and how does it work.     Ibotta-10-Bonus-2   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Deals * Discounts * Couponing Industry: * Deals Location: * New York City - New York - US Subject: * DealsNEW YORK - Jan. 16, 2017 - PRLog -- What Is Ibotta? Ibotta is basically a better way to not only save but also to earn money while shopping for common groceries toiletries,household need,clothing, restaurant meals, basically anything! You simply buy featured items from stores like (Walmart, Walgreen's, 7-11, Sunonco, Family Dollar, Target etc) and earn immediate cash back rebates sent to you bank or PayPal account! You even earn an immediate $10 just for signing up! Ibotta can also be used in conjunction with coupons and store sales and discounts. So it will not interfere with your usual saving methods, only add to them, making it better than coupons alone! You can also refer your friends to Ibotta and make $5 per person! Ibotta has more offers than any competitors, more variety, and more name brands. While other rebate and savings  apps have some great features, it really all comes down to whether there are rebates for the items you buy, and Ibotta is your best bet for diverse savings and popular products. How does Ibotta Work 1. Download the App To download the free Ibotta app and get your $10 signup bonus, available on iOS and Android visit https://ibotta.com/r/recxtxm (copy/paste if unable to click) 2. Unlock Rebates Before shopping trips, unlock cash rewards on great products 3. Go Shopping Buy any of the featured products you've unlocked. To get your $10 signup bonus, redeem an item within 1 week. 4. Verify Your Purchases Scan your product barcodes, then submit a photo of your receipt. 5. Get Cash You'll have the cash deposited into your Ibotta account within a few hours! Here Is A List of Featured Ibotta Stores 7-Eleven Acme Fresh Market (OH) Bi-Lo Big Y Foods Boyer's Buehler's City Market Costco Country Mart (Lawton, OK) CVS Pharmacy Dillons Dollar General Duane Reade Family Dollar Fareway Food Stores Farm Fresh Food Lion Food4Less Foods Co Fred Meyer Fry's Gerbes Giant (DC,DE,VA,MD) GIANT (PA,WV,MD,VA) Giant Eagle H-E-B Hannaford Harris Teeter Homeland Hy-Vee Ingles Jay C JustSave Foods King Soopers Kroger Lowes Foods MARTIN'S Martin's (IN, MI) Meijer Military Commissary Owen's Pathmark Pavilions Pay Less Pick 'N Save Piggly Wiggly Midwest Price Chopper (KS & MO) Publix QFC Ralphs Randalls Reasor's Redner's Markets Remke Markets Ridley's Rio Ranch Rite Aid Ruler Foods Safeway Sam's Club Scott's Shoppers Food ShopRite Smith's Sprouts Farmers Market Stop & Shop Target Tom Thumb Vons Walgreens Walmart Wegmans Whole Foods WinCo Foods Winn-Dixie Home_movie_s Movie Theaters AMC Box Office Edwards Box Office Regal Box Office United Artists Box Office End Source : Ibotta Affiliate Email : ***@netspendreferget20.com Tags : Deals, Discounts, Couponing Industry : Deals Location : New York City - New York - United States Subject : Deals Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Trending Ashley Russo to Host 2017 Lehigh Valley Wine Gala and Dinner Don Barnhart Returns To Las Vegas Performing Nightly At Jokesters Comedy Club CKQ Reunion Concert: drummer Matt Wilson w/ original bandmates Kohlhase, & more Kcancer Hosts Forum On Food and Cancer G-PMC Group to Certify Lockheed Martin Suppliers for AS9100 and ISO 9001:2015 Certification Daily News Ashley Russo to Host 2017 Lehigh Valley Wine Gala and Dinner - 267 views New Book Aims to Combat Movie's Villainization of Dissociative Identity Disorder - 206 views Axiomtek's 19" Industrial Touch Panel PC for Kiosk Applications and HMI use – the P1197E-500 - 188 views The 5th Annual Unsung Heroes Leadership Awards Dinner Set for March 12, 2017 - 180 views Kcancer Hosts Forum On Food and Cancer - 143 views Weekly News Dale Sorensen Real Estate announces development of industrial style lofts - 3120 views SOCIALDEALER Welcomes Kerry Kolde as Chief Revenue Officer - 2794 views UPSL Announces Creation and Launch of Women's United Premier Soccer League - 2133 views Emoluments Law Suit, Filed Today, Haunted by Past Debacle - 1944 views Award-Winning News Anchor, Michelle Wright, Joins Cast of The Hunchback of Notre Dame - 1588 views Daily News Ashley Russo to Host 2017 Lehigh Valley Wine Gala and Dinner - 267 views New Book Aims to Combat Movie's Villainization of Dissociative Identity Disorder - 206 views Axiomtek's 19" Industrial Touch Panel PC for Kiosk Applications and HMI use – the P1197E-500 - 188 views The 5th Annual Unsung Heroes Leadership Awards Dinner Set for March 12, 2017 - 180 views Kcancer Hosts Forum On Food and Cancer - 143 views Weekly News Dale Sorensen Real Estate announces development of industrial style lofts - 3120 views SOCIALDEALER Welcomes Kerry Kolde as Chief Revenue Officer - 2794 views UPSL Announces Creation and Launch of Women's United Premier Soccer League - 2133 views Emoluments Law Suit, Filed Today, Haunted by Past Debacle - 1944 views Award-Winning News Anchor, Michelle Wright, Joins Cast of The Hunchback of Notre Dame - 1588 views PTC News Cavium to Contribute the First Programmable Wedge 100C Switch Design to OCP - 442 views Matthew Lewis of 'Harry Potter' To Make Wizard World Comic Con Debut In Portland, February 18-19 - 329 views Simmons, Hall, Brown, Carpenter Top Celebrities At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, March 17-19 - 225 views First Bancorp of Indiana, Inc. Announces Financial Results - 205 views Jingwei International Limited Changes Name and Effects Reverse Stock Split - 191 views Jan 16, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Deal: UE ROLL 2 on sale for $68 at Amazon and Walmart (was $100) Deals Newsby Scott Adam Gordon2 weeks ago 2 148 2 The UE ROLL 2, regarded by many as one of the best portable Bluetooth speakers around, is currently on sale at Amazon and Walmart for $68. The rugged, IPX7 certified speaker can survive in one meter of water for 30 minutes and comes with a bungee cord fastener to easily attach to a backpack or belt. It also houses a headphone jack, MicroUSB port and can pair with three simultaneous source devices, while its battery is said to be good for up to 9 hours. See also: Google acquires Limes Audio to improve Hangouts audio quality 3 weeks ago When the folks at our sister site Sound Guys reviewed it, they said the original UE Roll “was already one of the best speakers you can get for the price, and the new and UE Roll 2 is even better.” Check out Sound Guys’ UE Roll 2 review video here. Buy Now: UE ROLL 2 Volcano — $68 at Amazon Buy Now: UE ROLL 2 Atmosphere — $68.99 at Wal-Mart The UE Roll 2 is available in the grey/orange version at Amazon or the blue/red version at Wal-Mart, though the latter is listed as “only 4 left!” at the time of publication. Even if you’re not interested in it for yourself, it could be worth thinking about it as a future gift. Let us know your thoughts on this deal in the comments below. Deals News UE, UE Roll 2 UE, UE Roll 2  Android Police Scott Adam Gordon Scott Adam Gordon is a European correspondent for Android Authority. Originally from the UK, Scott has been tinkering with Android phones since 2011 and writing about them full-time since 2014. He now lives in Berlin with three roommates he never sees. Befriend him on Twitter and Google+ at the links. Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 2 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Honor 6X International Giveaway! 7 days ago2630 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   5 Android apps you shouldn’t miss this week – Android Apps Weekly! 2 hours ago   (Update: To start at $249) So this is the LG Watch Style 13 hours ago   ZTE may kill ‘Hawkeye’ Kickstarter, do a new version with better ... 15 hours ago   This OnePlus 3 kernel tweak promises 7-8 hours of screen-on time 17 hours ago   BlackBerry Mercury tipped to use Google Pixel camera sensor, run Snapdragon 625 18 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Travel Travel Galveston Bolivar Houston - Kemah Archives Best of Everything Guide Were you 'Seen' at the Symphony Ball? Police: Beaumont man arrested for 900 grams of drugs Pres. Trump sends thank-you note to local business owner Highway 87 reopens following train derailment in Port Arthur US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics The Latest: UK Prime Minister 'does not agree' with order Environmentalists preparing to battle Trump, GOP in court Despair, confusion reign as Trump's travel ban hits Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 A&E Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles Oscar-nominated Emmanuelle Riva dies in Paris, age 89 'A truly magnificent talent:' actor John Hurt dies at 77 The royal scoop: Documents from King George III go online North American rhapsody: Queen, Lambert tour; no record yet cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports Lamar men's, women's basketball teams defeat Northwestern State Lamar baseball opens practice with abundance of energy Will Davis gearing up for first Lamar baseball practice Southeast Texans in Super Bowl LI Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Trump's approval of Keystone XL could bolster SETX economy Kroger to add thousands of workers nationwide Crystal Beach resident to open Bolivar's first gym Delta Downs debuts $45 million expansion Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 1-28-17 'Toon Time 1-27-17 'Toon Time 1-26-16 'Toon Time 1-25-17 Cars Jobs Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, Million-dollar homes on the market in Beaumont Historic cattle ranch, vineyard south of Kirbyville on the market Calder Place-area homes on the market Find & Save MenuSections http://www.beaumontenterprise.com/news/article/Hope-endures-in-Southeast-Texas-despite-America-s-10860106.php Hope endures in Southeast Texas despite America's racial divide By Brooks Kubena, Beaumont Enterprise Updated 9:46 am, Monday, January 16, 2017 Photo: Guiseppe Barranco, Photo Editor Image 1of/44 Caption Close Image 1 of 44 Shedrick Lewis stands near his childhood home Friday. Photo taken Friday, January 13, 2017 Guiseppe Barranco/The Enterprise Shedrick Lewis stands near his childhood home Friday. Photo taken Friday, January 13, 2017 Guiseppe Barranco/The Enterprise Photo: Guiseppe Barranco, Photo Editor Image 2 of 44 Image 3 of 44 President Lyndon B. Johnson signs the Civil Rights Act on July 2, 1964, in Washington, D.C. President Lyndon B. Johnson signs the Civil Rights Act on July 2, 1964, in Washington, D.C. Photo: CBS Photo Archive, Getty Images Image 4 of 44 Image 5 of 44 A crowd gathers to witness the lynching of Thomas Shipp and Abram Smith on Aug. 7, 1930, in Marion, Indiana. This image was the inspiration for the poem "Strange Fruit" by Abel Meeropol. A crowd gathers to witness the lynching of Thomas Shipp and Abram Smith on Aug. 7, 1930, in Marion, Indiana. This image was the inspiration for the poem "Strange Fruit" by Abel Meeropol. Photo: Hulton Archive, Getty Images Image 6 of 44 Under the announcements of the funerals of four victims of an August 1946 lynching in Monroe, Georgia, a notice from the U.S. government threatens prosecution for anyone attempting to prevent a black person from voting. The four were Roger and Dorothy Malcolm and George and Mae Murray Dorsey, shot by a mob in retaliation for the stabbing of a white man by Roger Malcolm. less Under the announcements of the funerals of four victims of an August 1946 lynching in Monroe, Georgia, a notice from the U.S. government threatens prosecution for anyone attempting to prevent a black person ... more Photo: FPG, Getty Images Image 7 of 44 A young man stands in the doorway of a segregated store, circa 1950. A young man stands in the doorway of a segregated store, circa 1950. Photo: Hulton Archive, Getty Images Image 8 of 44 Portrait of the children involved in the landmark lawsuit "Brown v. Board of Education," which challenged public school segregation, in Topeka, Kansas, 1953. From left, Vicki Henderson, Donald Henderson, Linda Brown (the "Brown" of the case's name), James Emanuel, Nancy Todd and Katherine Carper. less Portrait of the children involved in the landmark lawsuit "Brown v. Board of Education," which challenged public school segregation, in Topeka, Kansas, 1953. From left, Vicki Henderson, Donald Henderson, Linda ... more Photo: Carl Iwasaki, Time & Life Pictures/Getty Image Image 9 of 44 Mamie Bradley, mother of lynched teenager Emmett Till, delivers a 1955 speech in Baltimore, Maryland. Mamie Bradley, mother of lynched teenager Emmett Till, delivers a 1955 speech in Baltimore, Maryland. Photo: Afro Newspaper/Gado, Getty Images Image 10 of 44 Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat near the front of the bus in Montgomery, Alabama, 1956. Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat near the front of the bus in Montgomery, Alabama, 1956. Photo: Underwood Archives, Getty Images Image 11 of 44 Nine black children, three boys and six girls, are escorted from Central High School by U.S. paratroopers on Sept. 25, 1957, in Little Rock, Arkansas. President Dwight Eisenhower decided the day before to send federal troops into Arkansas to protect black children from white demonstrators. less Nine black children, three boys and six girls, are escorted from Central High School by U.S. paratroopers on Sept. 25, 1957, in Little Rock, Arkansas. President Dwight Eisenhower decided the day before to send ... more Photo: AFP, AFP/Getty Images Image 12 of 44 Police escort black mothers with schoolchildren past a jeering mob of demonstrators Sept. 1, 1957, amid school desegregation. Police escort black mothers with schoolchildren past a jeering mob of demonstrators Sept. 1, 1957, amid school desegregation. Photo: Don Cravens, Time & Life Pictures/Getty Image Image 13 of 44 Civil Rights activist Virginius Thornton, center, leads a line of volunteers on the campus of Atlanta University (later renamed Clark Atlanta University) in May 1960 in Georgia. They were on campus to meet with the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and other civil rights leaders. less Civil Rights activist Virginius Thornton, center, leads a line of volunteers on the campus of Atlanta University (later renamed Clark Atlanta University) in May 1960 in Georgia. They were on campus to meet with ... more Photo: Howard Sochurek Image 14 of 44 Freedom Riders on a Greyhound bus sponsored by the Congress Of Racial Equality (CORE), sit on the ground after their bus was set afire by a group of whites on May 14, 1961, in Anniston, Alabama. Freedom Riders on a Greyhound bus sponsored by the Congress Of Racial Equality (CORE), sit on the ground after their bus was set afire by a group of whites on May 14, 1961, in Anniston, Alabama. Photo: Underwood Archives, Getty Images Image 15 of 44 The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. attends a rally for Freedom Riders in May 1961 in Jackson, Mississippi. They rode buses throughout the South following the Boynton v. Virginia Supreme Court case, which essentially outlawed racial segregation on public transportation. less The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. attends a rally for Freedom Riders in May 1961 in Jackson, Mississippi. They rode buses throughout the South following the Boynton v. Virginia Supreme Court case, which ... more Photo: Paul Schutzer, Time & Life Pictures/Getty Image Image 16 of 44 National Guardsmen stand watch in front of a restaurant as they await Freedom Riders in May 1961. The Freedom Riders rode buses throughout the southern United States in the months following the Boynton v. Virginia Supreme Court case, which essentially outlawed racial segregation on public transportation, in order to test and call attention to still existing local policies that ran contrary to national laws. less National Guardsmen stand watch in front of a restaurant as they await Freedom Riders in May 1961. The Freedom Riders rode buses throughout the southern United States in the months following the Boynton v. ... more Photo: Paul Schutzer Image 17 of 44 Black children are attacked with dogs and water cannons during a segregation protest organized by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and the Rev. Fred Shuttlesworth in May 1963, in Birmingham, Alabama. Black children are attacked with dogs and water cannons during a segregation protest organized by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and the Rev. Fred Shuttlesworth in May 1963, in Birmingham, Alabama. Photo: Michael Ochs Archives, Getty Images Image 18 of 44 Children are attacked with dogs and water cannons during a segregation protest organized by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and the Rev. Fred Shuttlesworth in May 1963, in Birmingham, Alabama. Children are attacked with dogs and water cannons during a segregation protest organized by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and the Rev. Fred Shuttlesworth in May 1963, in Birmingham, Alabama. Photo: Michael Ochs Archives, Getty Images Image 19 of 44 Anti-segregation pickets take a stand on Broadway in New York in this undated image from the civil rights era. Anti-segregation pickets take a stand on Broadway in New York in this undated image from the civil rights era. Photo: Keystone-France, Gamma-Keystone Via Getty Images Image 20 of 44 The statue of Abraham Lincoln is illuminated during a civil rights rally on Aug. 28, 1963, in Washington. The statue of Abraham Lincoln is illuminated during a civil rights rally on Aug. 28, 1963, in Washington. Photo: National Archives, Getty Images Image 21 of 44 High-angle view of the massive crowd at the Washington Monument and Reflecting Pool during the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, Washington DC, August 28, 1963. The march and rally provided the setting for the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr's iconic 'I Have a Dream' speech. less High-angle view of the massive crowd at the Washington Monument and Reflecting Pool during the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, Washington DC, August 28, 1963. The march and rally provided the setting ... more Photo: PhotoQuest, Getty Images Image 22 of 44 An unidentified civil rights marcher celebrates during the March on Washington on Aug. 28, 1963. An unidentified civil rights marcher celebrates during the March on Washington on Aug. 28, 1963. Photo: PhotoQuest, Getty Images Image 23 of 44 Civil rights leaders holds hands as they march along the National Mall during the March on Washington on Aug. 28, 1963. Civil rights leaders holds hands as they march along the National Mall during the March on Washington on Aug. 28, 1963. Photo: PhotoQuest, Getty Images Image 24 of 44 Civil rights demonstrators during the March on Washington on Aug. 28, 1963. Civil rights demonstrators during the March on Washington on Aug. 28, 1963. Photo: Paul Schutzer Image 25 of 44 Black and white demonstrators stage a "jump-in" at the Monson Motor Lodge pool, open only to whites, as angry motel manager James Brock dumps the contents of two containers marked "muriatic acid" into the pool, on June 18, 1964, in St. Augustine, Florida. less Black and white demonstrators stage a "jump-in" at the Monson Motor Lodge pool, open only to whites, as angry motel manager James Brock dumps the contents of two containers marked "muriatic acid" into the pool, ... more Photo: Rolls Press/Popperfoto, Popperfoto/Getty Images Image 26 of 44 Lyndon Baines Johnson, who served as the 36th president from 1963 to 1969, signs the Civil Rights Act on July 2, 1964, with Martin Luther King Jr. in the background. Lyndon Baines Johnson, who served as the 36th president from 1963 to 1969, signs the Civil Rights Act on July 2, 1964, with Martin Luther King Jr. in the background. Photo: UniversalImagesGroup, Getty Images Image 27 of 44 LBJ shakes hands with MLK after signing the Civil Rights Act. LBJ shakes hands with MLK after signing the Civil Rights Act. Photo: Hulton Archive, Getty Images Image 28 of 44 A close-up shows President Lyndon B. Johnson signing the Civil Rights Act into law. A close-up shows President Lyndon B. Johnson signing the Civil Rights Act into law. Photo: Francis Miller, Time & Life Pictures/Getty Image Image 29 of 44 Martin Luther King Jr. participates in a Selma-to-Montgomery civil rights marches in March 1965, in Selma, Alabama. Martin Luther King Jr. participates in a Selma-to-Montgomery civil rights marches in March 1965, in Selma, Alabama. Photo: Frank Dandridge Image 30 of 44 Martin Luther King and his wife, Coretta Scott King, lead a voting rights march from Selma, Alabama, to the state capital in Montgomery om March 30, 1965. Martin Luther King and his wife, Coretta Scott King, lead a voting rights march from Selma, Alabama, to the state capital in Montgomery om March 30, 1965. Photo: William Lovelace, Getty Images Image 31 of 44 Demonstrators and Chicago Freedom Movement members march under the city's elevated railroad in the mid-1960s, calling for the firing of school Superindentant Benjamin Willis over delays in integrating schools. Demonstrators and Chicago Freedom Movement members march under the city's elevated railroad in the mid-1960s, calling for the firing of school Superindentant Benjamin Willis over delays in integrating schools. Photo: Robert Abbott Sengstacke, Getty Images Image 32 of 44 Demonstrators take part in the Selma-to-Montgomery march in late March 1965, in Alabama. Demonstrators take part in the Selma-to-Montgomery march in late March 1965, in Alabama. Photo: Robert Abbott Sengstacke, Getty Images Image 33 of 44 Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. sits with others during a march to encourage voter registration in June 1966 in Mississippi. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. sits with others during a march to encourage voter registration in June 1966 in Mississippi. Photo: Vernon Merritt III Image 34 of 44 Dr. Ralph Abernathy and the Rev. Jesse Jackson (both obscured) stand on the balcony of the Lorraine motel and point in the direction of gunshots that killed MLK on April 4, 1968, in Memphis, Tennessee. Dr. Ralph Abernathy and the Rev. Jesse Jackson (both obscured) stand on the balcony of the Lorraine motel and point in the direction of gunshots that killed MLK on April 4, 1968, in Memphis, Tennessee. Photo: Joseph Louw, Time & Life Pictures/Getty Image Image 35 of 44 Jesse Jackson reads about MLK's assassination in the Daily Defender newspaper April 5, 1968, as he walks through O'Hare Airport in Chicago. King was killed in Memphis the day before. Jesse Jackson reads about MLK's assassination in the Daily Defender newspaper April 5, 1968, as he walks through O'Hare Airport in Chicago. King was killed in Memphis the day before. Photo: Robert Abbott Sengstacke, Getty Images Image 36 of 44 Coretta Scott King, widow of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., and her daughter, Yolanda, leave for his funeral on April 9, 1968, in Atlanta, Georgia. Coretta Scott King, widow of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., and her daughter, Yolanda, leave for his funeral on April 9, 1968, in Atlanta, Georgia. Photo: Santi Visalli Inc., Getty Images Image 37 of 44 Coretta Scott King and civil rights leader Ralph Abernathy, center, lead a massive march on April 8, 1968, in Memphis, Tennessee. Coretta Scott King and civil rights leader Ralph Abernathy, center, lead a massive march on April 8, 1968, in Memphis, Tennessee. Photo: Robert Abbott Sengstacke, Getty Images Image 38 of 44 Portrait of two participants of the march in Memphis, Tennessee, in April 1968, soon after the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Portrait of two participants of the march in Memphis, Tennessee, in April 1968, soon after the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Photo: Robert Abbott Sengstacke, Getty Images Image 39 of 44 Coretta Scott King takes the podium April 27, 1968, at a Peace-In-Vietnam rally in Central Park, New York. Coretta Scott King takes the podium April 27, 1968, at a Peace-In-Vietnam rally in Central Park, New York. Photo: Hulton Archive, Getty Images Image 40 of 44 U.S. track and field athletes Tommie Smith, center, and John Carlos, first- and third-place winners in the 200-meter race, protest Oct. 19, 1968, at the Summer Olympic in Mexico City. U.S. track and field athletes Tommie Smith, center, and John Carlos, first- and third-place winners in the 200-meter race, protest Oct. 19, 1968, at the Summer Olympic in Mexico City. Photo: John Dominis, Time & Life Pictures/Getty Image Image 41 of 44 People gather at the end of the Poor People March on June 19, 1968, in Washington, D.C. King and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference organized the event to demand economic aid to the poorest communities of the United States. less People gather at the end of the Poor People March on June 19, 1968, in Washington, D.C. King and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference organized the event to demand economic aid to the poorest ... more Photo: AFP, AFP/Getty Images Image 42 of 44 Heavyweight boxing champion Muhammad Ali walks through the streets with members of the Black Panther Party in September 1970 in New York. He was sentenced to five years in prison and his championship title revoked after he was convicted of draft evasion. The decision was overturned in 1971 but Ali became a figurehead of resistance and a hero of the people. less Heavyweight boxing champion Muhammad Ali walks through the streets with members of the Black Panther Party in September 1970 in New York. He was sentenced to five years in prison and his championship title ... more Photo: David Fenton, Getty Images Image 43 of 44 Accompanied by motorcycle-mounted police, school buses carrying black students arrive at formerly all-white South Boston High School on Sept. 12, 1974, the first day of federal court-ordered busing to achieve racial balance in the city's de facto segregated schools. less Accompanied by motorcycle-mounted police, school buses carrying black students arrive at formerly all-white South Boston High School on Sept. 12, 1974, the first day of federal court-ordered busing to achieve ... more Photo: Spencer Grant, Getty Images Image 44 of 44 Hope endures in Southeast Texas despite America's racial divide 1 / 44 Back to Gallery Shedrick Lewis said it hurt watching the nation's racial hostility unfold last year. Police shootings of black men in Baton Rouge, St. Paul and Charlotte were followed by protests and clashes with authorities. In an August campaign speech, President-elect Donald Trump cited high poverty and unemployment statistics in his pitch to win over black voters, asking them "What the hell do you have to lose?" In those instances, Lewis thought of his experience growing up at the Tracewood projects off Lucas Drive, where his only male influences were gang members and drug dealers who he frequently watched police chase and arrest. "Dreaming is a luxury," said Lewis, 38, who as a kid used Walmart shopping carts as basketball goals. "Nobody has to tell me about the black experience, because I live it." As the nation today marks what would have been civil rights leader Martin Luther King, Jr.'s 88th birthday, Lewis said the only way to bridge the country's current racial divide is through understanding and better communication. He said people should try not to liken their experiences to what is portrayed by national media. "All it does is create more fear and more misunderstanding, and not just on the kids' part, but also with officers," said Lewis, a parole officer for the state who also trains local youth at Beaumont Boxing. "Because fear makes you do things you wouldn't normally do. Fear is a cancer. So once you eliminate that, you can bridge the gap of understanding." The racial divide began to close for Lewis when he said he started interacting with police officers after his football games at Marshall Middle School. Instead of hearing them say things like, "Freeze. Get on the ground," like he had heard on the block, Lewis said they would high-five him and tell him, "Good game, little man." They knew what neighborhood he was from and they encouraged him to succeed, Lewis said. "It is hard to recondition (kids') thinking ... until their experience is different," he said. "So, there has to be some meeting point between urban communities and between law enforcement where we can find a way to bridge that gap instead of watching what the media is portraying." Photo: Guiseppe Barranco, Photo Editor Port Arthur Mayor Derek Freeman stands near his childhood home Friday. The son of an interracial marriage, Freeman said he understands well interracial issues. Photo taken Friday, January 13, 2017 Guiseppe Barranco/The Enterprise Port Arthur Mayor Derek Freeman stands near his childhood home... Engaging with police force Port Arthur Mayor Derrick Freeman is trying to find that "meeting point" in his city. "I've even gone as far to say that we need to buy an ice cream truck for the police department ... and make sure that kids have pleasant experiences with our officers," said Freeman, 36. "We have to start doing things to get over this stigma that cops are bad." Freeman, a lifelong Port Arthur resident and former councilman who has been mayor for seven months, said the hiring of new Police Chief Patrick Melvin in September is an attempt to reignite "community policing" and to get residents to engage more with officers. More than half the Port Arthur Police Department's officers are white, said Freeman. Nearly 80 percent of the city's population is black, Hispanic or Asian. To get more minority officers, the city has started offering 10 annual scholarships to residents interested in entering the police academy. One person signed up last year, Freeman said. He suspects there was a lack of interest "because people see cops as being bad" and don't want to be "a snitch." It's on city officials and other local leaders and mentors to break that stigma and lift up residents, Freeman said. "No matter what happens at the national level, there's things that help build us up," he said. "This is where the rubber meets the road. People here probably will never meet Trump, but the majority will meet the mayor. Government starts locally. Get involved. Start at home." Role models at the gym Lewis tries to use his influence to inspire kids, many of whom live in poverty, at the 11th Street gym where he works. "A lot of people get the idea that money makes things better," Lewis said. "Money does not equate to happiness. Happiness equates to happiness. So you find a situation to allow these kids to live a joyful life. And that comes with being able to believe in something, believing in themselves." The ring provides a platform, he said. "This is a sanctuary where you can come and have an alternative and be whoever you want to be," Lewis said. "You take that kid out of (a bad) situation and you give him something like this. And you say, 'Listen, you can be more than that. Let me show you how. Let me allow you to open your mind beyond what you see every day.'" Professional boxer Quantis Graves, 34, who trains with Lewis, grew up in New Orleans' Third Ward. He said he "would have been dead or in jail" is his family had not moved to another Louisiana city, where he was introduced to a diverse culture. As a fighter, Graves has traveled all over the U.S. and fought in England and Ireland. He shares his experiences with his young friends at the gym and his sons, Bretton Scott, 15, and Quantis Graves II, 6. "I say the world is a lot bigger than Beaumont, Texas," said Graves, who moved to Beaumont in 2006. "Branch out and go learn. Because if you stay in this little bowl here, that's not good. I would never have the actual experience of life without having met different races, different cultures." Graves said his youngest son is enrolled in a Beaumont private school so he can have a more diverse experience than he might get at a neighborhood public school. "I'm happy he's in a school with different races," he said. "And he wants his friends to come to the house." It is with children like little Quantis that Lewis believes social change begins. "This rabbit hole, it goes pretty deep, but it starts way down here," Lewis said. "It starts with our youth, it starts with giving them an opportunity to dream." BKubena@BeaumontEnterprise.com Twitter.com/BKubena Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Quill Winter Brewing Event: Up to 60% off + free shipping w/ $45 QuillPosted 1 day 13 hr ago SHOP NOW Lab Pill Plush Photo Real Pillow for $4 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 20 hr 5 min ago SHOP NOW Seiko Men's Chronograph Watch for $65 + free shipping AshfordPosted 1 day 14 hr ago SHOP NOW Art3d 12x12" Peel and Stick Backsplash for $5 + free shipping WalmartPosted 1 day 21 hr ago Top Stories Former Baylor student files new lawsuit alleging rape DPS: Rangers investigate officer-involved shooting in Newton Co. PAPD: Man dies after getting trapped under vehicle President Trump sends thank-you note to local business owner Port Arthur highway reopened following train derailment Astrodome joins Alamo as historical state landmark Judge rules on injunction regarding abortions in Texas First lady featured on controversial magazine cover Local News Were you 'Seen' at the Symphony Ball? Police: Beaumont man arrested for 900 grams of drugs DPS: Rangers investigate officer-involved shooting in Newton Co. Pres. Trump sends thank-you note to local business owner PAPD: Man dies after getting trapped under vehicle Latest News Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants emergency stay temporarily HALTING deportation of visa holders detained at US airports after nationwide protests Uber CEO pledges to compensate 'thousands of its drivers' affected by Trump's immigration ban after critics accuse the company of 'colluding with Trump' Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow among several stars to celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to match up to $100,000 in donations to the ACLU What does the emergency stay of execution mean for detained travelers and what happens next? Female intruder snuck into GOP retreat using fake credentials saying she was a congressman's wife on the day of Trump's speech in embarrassing security breach Snack smugglers beware! Posh New York theater shames movie fans bringing in their own food and warns culprits they will be forced to eat in isolation  New York plans to install vast system of facial recognition cameras that matches drivers licenses to social media accounts at bridges and tunnels  FedEx delivery driver lauded as a hero after stopping protesters from lighting American flag on fire Distraught woman facing deportation to Chile attempts suicide at JFK Airport 24 hours before Trump's immigration ban Decapitated bodies of three police officers are found in southern Mexico in suspected cartel-related torture and slaying  Florida grandmother is arrested after she 'stabbed her daughter and murdered her son' while her two blood-stained grandchildren watched in horror 10 people injured in mass shooting during party at National Guard Armory building in Tennessee California Governor Jerry Brown to get further prostate cancer treatment starting in February but will maintain his full work schedule 'Let them eat cake': Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5,000 gown with Jared ahead of swanky dinner amid deportation row  Iran will retaliate against Trump's immigration ban by 'limiting visas to American tourists' - as Canadian PM Trudeau says they will take in anyone refused by the U.S.  Chaos at JFK: Protesters descend on airport after 12 travelers are held overnight in confusion at Trump immigration ban - with only two released 'We are equals': Trump and Putin vow to maintain 'regular personal contact' in their first call, discuss international terror and peace in the Middle East - but avoid talking about U.S. sanctions against Russia Trump gives Pentagon 30 days to come up with ISIS strategy as he restructures National Security Council to give Steve Bannon a regular seat  Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be turned around at the border under Trump's executive order  NBA calls for Trump to clarify his immigration ban as players including Sudanese-born Luol Deng and Thon Maker face travel problems British Olympic gold medal winner Mo Farah faces being BANNED from returning to his family in America under Trump's immigration crackdown on people from his Somali homeland 'We wouldn't exist without immigration': Apple CEO Tim Cook slams Trump's executive order as Mark Zuckerberg and Google lead the outcry from Silicon Valley 'Trump is right!' Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu hails the president's border plans because the wall separating them from Egypt is a 'great success' Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic jihadist immigrants Previous Next Amazon to take on Walmart by accepting food stamps for groceries ordered online New USDA program will allow 7 online grocers to accept food stamps Amazon will be part of the scheme that could reach up to 43 million consumers Comes as Amazon is doubly trying to appeal to low-income consumers and shake up grocery market  By Forrest Hanson For Dailymail.com Published: 09:44 EST, 16 January 2017 | Updated: 10:38 EST, 16 January 2017 e-mail 17 shares 17 View comments Amazon will continue to expand its retailing empire as it is set to join a new government program that will allow seven online grocers to accept food stamps.   The pilot program, from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, will last two years and will test online ordering and payment for the approximately 43 million low-income Americans who rely on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. It will be introduced in seven US states. Amazon will be part of a USDA pilot program that will allow seven online grocers to accept food stamps The scheme comes as Amazon strives to appeal to more low-income consumers. Pictured: A food stamp first issued in 1989 While Amazon primarily appeals to middle- and upper-income consumers, particularly through its $99 annual Amazon Prime program, it has been looking to expand into the grocery business. Other recent initiatives from the retailer - such as a monthly $10.99 plan for Prime - have been seen as appealing to lower-income consumers. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Amazon removes flip flops depicting GANDHI from sale... Amazon announces 100,000 new jobs across the country to be... Arsonist sets fire to a pile of clothes inside a Texas... The shocking moment two hero cops dive for cover, open fire... Share this article Share 17 shares A company statement to CBS said: 'We are committed to making food accessible through online grocery shopping, offering all customers the lowest prices possible. 'Amazon's selection and competitive pricing can improve the grocery shopping experience for SNAP participants while helping them extend their benefits further.' Amazon said in a statement: 'We are committed to making food accessible through online grocery shopping, offering all customers the lowest prices possible.' Pictured: An Amazon distribution Center in Saran, France The USDA initiative is thought to help reduce food deserts. Pictured: An Amazon Go grocery store in Seattle It is unclear whether food-stamp recipients will, on the whole, switch to online grocery shopping. But the USDA initiative is thought to help reduce the prevalence food deserts, or neighborhoods that lack grocery stores.  This policy shift comes as Walmart changes up its own grocery services, including its curbside pickup popular with millennial parents. The policy shift as Walmart, which derives 56 percent of US revenue from groceries, is changing up its own grocery services. Pictured: A Walmart superstore The company derives 56 percent of its revenue in the country from groceries.  While Walmart does have an online grocery service, it will not be taking part in the pilot scheme. Recent reports from CNN Money indicate that Amazon's market value is currently $388bn while Walmart's is $206bn. Walmart operates 4,664 stores across the US, including 3,517 superstores. Amazon will be piloting the program across urban and rural sites in Maryland, New Jersey and New York.  USDA FOOD STAMP PILOT PROGRAM - WHERE TO TAKE PART Amazon -  Maryland, New Jersey, New York FreshDirect - New York Safeway - Maryland, Oregon, Washington ShopRite - Maryland, New Jersey, Pennsylvania Hy-Vee Inc. - Iowa Hart's Local Grocers - New York Dash's Market - New York Read more: Amazon to accept food stamps in pilot program, taking on Walmart's grocery business - CBS News AMZN - Amazon Company Profile - CNNMoney.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 17 shares Most watched News videos Serena Williams awkwardly neglects her fiancé after Aus Open win Many Clouds dies after beating Thistlecrack in the Cotswold Chase 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Incredible moment truck crashes through middle of bus Grandma accused of killing son-in-law celebrated during testimony Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border George and Laura Bush welcome the Obamas to the White House 2009 Harriet was rescued from a South Korean meat farm Look what the cat dragged 'OUT'! Cute cat learns to open drawers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Huge tiger roams the streets after escaping circus in Italy Comments (17) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURED: Robin Thicke seen for first time after pulling out from events honoring late father Alan amid bitter custody battle with ex Paula Patton  Back in her bikini! Kim Kardashian shows off her stunning figure as she sunbathes in tiny two piece in Costa Rica Relaxed at the pool with sister Khloe Angelina Jolie rocks black leather pants and boots with silky top as she takes twins Knox and Vivienne, 8, shopping in Malibu Actress looked stylish Daddy and me time! Blac Chyna shares sweet Snaps of Rob Kardashian kissing and cuddling their baby Dream Doting father Just like dad! King Cairo, four, shows off his new grill during Costa Rica vacation...while Tyga poses up a storm with girlfriend Kylie Jenner It's an 80's night! Candace Cameron Bure, New Kids on the Block and Martha Quinn look incredible at the iHeart80s concert in California Lindsay Lohan rebrands herself as she returns to Instagram after hiatus with posts about Syrian refugees She deleted all her posts and has started again Seriously glam! Lucy Hale flashes major skin in plunging silver dress at SAG nomination bash  The 27-year-old was not afraid to flaunt her ample assets  She's got great jeans! Jessica Biel keeps it casual in ripped denim while leaving her restaurant Au Fudge with son Silas in West Hollywood  The doctor is in! Kristen Stewart poses with Peanuts character Lucy for breast cancer benefit at Knott's Berry Farm Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5k gown with husband Jared ahead of swanky dinner amid deportation row  Paula Patton steps out with son Julian in Los Angeles... amid ongoing custody battle with Robin Thicke She recently took out a  restraining order on him Move aside boys! Martha Hunt shows off her incredible body as she takes over historic Muscle Beach for a sizzling photoshoot Stunning figure  Legs eleven...out of Ocean's Eight! Sandra Bullock, 52, stuns in thigh-skimming sheer mini-dress on set in New York City She's still got it Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic immigrants  La La Land executive producer John Legend slams Trump's 'Muslim ban'... as musical wins best film of the year at Producers Guild Of America Awards Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams showcases her svelte figure in black mini dress at SAG nominees event Flawless figure Who wears the cool crown? They're both gorgeous, glamorous and adored by royal brothers, but how does Kate measure up against Meghan? Who brought the Eggos? Cast of Netflix's Stranger Things get together in LA ahead of Sunday's SAG Awards The young cast mixed with Hollywood's adults Curves ahead! Kylie Jenner shows off her cleavage and flat stomach in eye-catching swimwear during family holiday in Costa Rica Incredible body Man of many talents! Super Bowl-bound Tom Brady wishes fans Happy Chinese New Year in Mandarin before being photobombed by daughter Vivian, 4 Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to match up to $100,000 in donations to the ACLU Sheer dazzling! Nicole Kidman stuns in an embellished gown at the Producers Guild Awards with husband Keith Urban Stunned on red carpet 'He goes full throttle the whole way': John Wick featurette reveals how Keanu Reeves trained in 'gun fu' to become a deadly assassin Kerry Washington shows off her incredible post-baby body in a semi-sheer dress as she hits the Producers Guild Awards red carpet Recently gave birth  His leading lady! John Legend plants kiss on Chrissy Teigen as couple make arrival to Producers Guild Awards Couple are not afraid to show their affection  She's got some front! Thandie Newton wows in plunging dress as she supports Westworld at the Producers Guild Of America Awards Turned heads  No Hidden Figures here! Taraji P Henson and Janelle Monae turn heads in delightful dresses at PGA Awards They both starred in the Oscar nominated hit  Yummy mummy alert! Teresa Palmer reveals her svelte post-baby body in a dramatic beaded gown as she attends the Producers Guild Awards 'Just unbearable!': Amy Duggar confirms she used to play outside as a child to avoid her parents' fights during emotional Marriage Bootcamp She's funny too! Emma Stone does her best Ryan Gosling impression as she promotes awards favorite La La Land From musical to comedy The hardest-working top in the world! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of cropped tank that shows off cleavage AND abs during Costa Rica dinner Showing Scott (and Justin) what they're missing! Kourtney Kardashian stuns in black bra top with silky slacks as she dines with her sisters She didn't get the memo! Khloe Kardashian covers up in maroon top and jeans as her sisters model bra tops in Costa Rica Kept her head down Kim Kardashian's jewels seized in the Paris heist 'have been MELTED and the only piece left is her £3.5m engagement ring, gang boss tells police' Lily Collins dazzles in backless emerald green gown with crossover bodice at Producers Guild Awards Flaunted her enviably slim frame  'I was numb to all the bulls***': Rihanna reveals past struggles while recording her Anti album on year anniversary Speaking her mind  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The orphaned Malawi twins Madonna 'wants to make her own' and how their adopted mother would be horrified Back in black!: Olivia Newton-John, 68, looks radiant walking through LAX as she arrives from her Ireland and UK tour Has been promoting her new album Erin Andrews looks healthy out and about in West Hollywood... after revealing secret surgery for cervical cancer last autumn Spotted on a stroll  Dapper Justin Timberlake dons designer black suit for Variety brunch celebrating Oscar nominees Looking smart Looking good for her lady! Stella Maxwell flashes her amazing abs for spa outing with 'girlfriend' Kristen Stewart Loved-up pair  That's got to hurt! Justin Bieber gets slammed against glass exterior during NHL All-Star Celebrity Shootout by Chris Pronger 'I gained 40 pounds': Katherine Heigl reveals her 'terror' as she packed on the pounds during her pregnancy with newborn son Joshua Australian The Bachelor's Megan Marx flaunts toned physique in TINY black bikini beachside as she enjoys her new island life with girlfriend Tiffany  Twice as nice! Bella Thorne shares two topless photos after showing off new piercing in tight pink top She has has taken off her clothes again The baby is here! Law & Order: Criminal Intent star Saffron Burrows, 44, welcomes daughter Daisy with her wife Alison Also parents to a son Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he doesn't belong in this country Quite the response Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown set to appear in her first movie Godzilla: King Of Monsters She is expanding her career with a new role It's only been six months! Kim Kardashian's ex Ray J renews wedding vows with Princess Love in Europe Only recently got hitched Walking Dead star Steven Yeun enjoys a sunlit day out with his pregnant wife Joana Pak Pair tied the knot a month ago Ruff day? Downcast Rooney Mara steps out in all black with her pup following two successful Sundance premieres Just returned from Utah Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be turned around at the border Her sexiest selfie yet! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample bosom in teeny designer string bikini on family vacay in Costa Rica Showcased her curves Charlotte McKinney puts on a leggy display in metallic bodycon dress... after revealing she was called a 's**t' growing up due to her ample chest Newlywed Luann De Lesseps looks radiant as she dances with RHONY castmates at a fundraiser after romantic honeymoon in the Bahamas  All bundled up: Lea Michele looks like she can barely breathe as she wraps scarf tightly around her neck during NYC outing with a pal Staying warm  Sofia Vergara flaunts her fabulous figure in ripped jeans and a slinky poloneck as she enjoys date night with husband Joe Manganiello Hollywood couple Supermodel Karlie Kloss to lead the runway at the David Jones Autumn/Winter show... as she models the latest collection of moody florals Natalie Portman pays tribute to her Jackie co-star Sir John Hurt after he dies at age 77 'I'm so extremely sad to hear of John's passing,' she said Harry Potter's John Hurt married four times but his friends say it was the tragic death of the lover he DIDN'T wed that drove him to drunken torment  New Fifty Shades Darker clip shows extended date night between Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey that gets steamy in elevator 'I don't sit at home and obsess': Jon Hamm says he doesn't watch old episodes of Mad Men because that's 'weird' The 45-year-old actor,  played Don Draper 'Naked' Kate is on the verge of getting a gong at long last for service to the Royal Family after impressing the Queen with her work for mental health charities  Our dazzling sapphire Queen: The poignant significance of Her Majesty's favourite gem... as she celebrates 65 years on the throne  Historic milestone  He was named 'the man most likely to marry Jackie'... And now an Oscar-nominated film reveals how British Lord Harlech missed  capturing her heart  So that's why Ryan's such a La La lovely mover! How Hollywood's heart-throb inherited his musical talent... from a bugle-blowing Victorian war hero  Hailey Baldwin looks lovely in blue leather outfit as she graces her third Harper's Bazaar cover... this time for Turkey February 2017 issue Suddenly shy! Bella Hadid hides behind a scarf and baseball cap in NYC after showing off her chest in see-through dress in Paris Sporty attire Victoria's Secret Model Kelly Gale shows off her INCREDIBLY toned abs and impressive cleavage as she continues her luxury Bali vacation  Teeny bikini! Kelly Bensimon, 48, enjoys a lemon-soaked drink as she splashes around in Miami wearing a body-baring swimsuit Fun in the sun 'I thought I'd get in trouble!': Kendall Jenner confesses she was scared of telling her parents about her boyfriends when she was a teenager Not just a pretty face! Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is learning COMPUTER CODING and is launching a Kode with Klossy scholarship for women 'We know each other better than anyone': David Beckham reveals he and Victoria have worked through 'tough times' as he gushes about their marriage  'She's at it again!': Pia Miller flaunts her incredible physique in red hot bikini at the beach after calling herself 'clumsy' and 'too daggy' Fans slams Vanity Fair for leaving out Asian and Latina actresses from Hollywood Issue (but they've come a long way from 'white-washed' 2010 cover)  EXCLUSIVE: 'I grew up with holes in my shoes!': Jennifer Lopez, 47, talks humble beginnings and how family 'grounds her' during difficult times Modest roots An incredible feet! David Beckham reveals his shoe collection rivals that of wife Victoria as he admits he owns 'thousands' of pairs of football boots 'She could win the whole show!' Will.i.am left embarrassed on British The Voice after failing to turn round for a contestant who co-wrote one of his hits Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle She wore blue lace! Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner dazzles in see-through suit at Variety brunch The outfit left little to the imagination 'This is Chambers': Actor Armie Hammer reveals name of son as he shares tender photo of the newborn with his big sister Harper Super sweet siblings Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Tickled pink! Taryn Manning giggles as she models flirty hair color at Variety brunch after revealing she has no plans to leave OITNB Pretty pink locks 'She didn't come?' The uncomfortable moment Venus Williams realises her sister Isha didn't come to her Australian Open showdown with Serena Move over, Arnold! Adriana Lima shows off toned abs at Muscle Beach in Venice for Victoria's Secret shoot Shooting an athletic wear campaign She must be hot! Kim Kardashian wears very low-cut tank top as she uses Snapchat filters while playing with North and Saint in Costa Rica Snapchat session Oscar-nominated Emmanuelle Riva of the film Amour dies in Paris at the age of 89 after long illness French star of screen and stage  Purple patch! Katie Piper shows off new LILAC hairstyle as she celebrates success of her latest book with husband Richard  Wowed with her color Robin Thicke pulled out of LA gala tribute for his late father Alan Thicke as custody battle with ex Paula Patton takes nasty turn Nowhere to be seen Date night! Model Chanel Iman shows off her toned tummy as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner at LA hotspot Victoria's Secret Angel 'It's a very brave, bold and challenging story we're attempting': Andrew Lincoln defends brutal violence in season seven of The Walking Dead But where's Jen? Aniston's husband Justin Theroux steps out in all black as he bumps into House Of Cards star Elizabeth Marvel in NYC At last... a statue that will let the boys gaze at Diana every day: William and Harry reveal plans for a new memorial to the 'people's princess' 20 years after her death  Farewell to a Hollywood legend: Sir John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer  From Hollywood bad boy to national treasure: The notorious hell-raiser who drank up to seven bottles of wine a NIGHT after watching his fiancée die Murder of Righteous Brothers singer's ex-wife SOLVED: DNA test finds killer 40 years after woman was raped and strangled with her pantyhose Staying busy! Heartbroken Celine Dion squeezes in Bee Gees show as she continues Vegas concert one year after husband's death Lost him to cancer Looking ace! Karlie Kloss works nautical chic in a plunging vest and striped skirt at tennis match in Australia Sought after supermodel Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence layers up in oversized shearling coat as she enjoys a rare evening off from filming new flick in Hungary Filming new spy thriller Barbara Hale, who played the loyal secretary opposite Raymond Burr on long-running crime TV show Perry Mason, dies at age 94 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Trouble for the Today show? Rumors swirl that Megyn Kelly is 'being groomed to take Savannah Guthrie's anchor position' as NBC revamps morning show 'Oh the horror!': Dame Joan Collins on the nightmarish scene at her home after a leak in a neighbour's flat led to a ceiling caving in  Nightmarish image  Goodbye my lover! Cate Blanchett blows a kiss to husband Andrew Upton in adorable PDA as he heads to the airport leaving her alone in New York Justin Bieber steps out solo in quirky lensless glasses and ripped jeans... as the romance between his ex Selena Gomez and The Weeknd heats up Leonardo DiCaprio goes incognito in bucket hat and dark shades as he plays the tourist while T-shirt shopping in Rwanda Discreet appearance Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Incest, cannibalism, and parties for duck hunters & prostitutes dressed as ducks... Tom Hardy's drama wanted to challenge convention It was controversial The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' 'Nobody knows when': Louis Tomlinson hints at One Direction reunion... as he moves on from split with girlfriend Danielle Campbell Exciting news for fans Serena and Venus Williams share a tender moment after little sister beat her older sibling to win the Australian Open - before declaring 'she is my inspiration'  Princess Eugenie keeps a low profile in sombre ensemble as she steps out for dinner at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London Serena's final passing shot! Awkward moment triumphant Williams appears to IGNORE fiance as she hugs Karlie Kloss after winning Australian Open Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel The 35-year-old was a showstopper Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles Sophisticated black frock Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Showed off her long legs in the black number Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA She remains a stunning style icon Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Turning heads Leighton Meester teases a hint of cleavage in plunging embellished black dress as she poses up a storm at Harper's Bazaar bash Looked chic in black A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Pregnant star Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Her outfit hugged her bulging baby bump Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party She cut a professional chic figure 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel 'Not my president!' Karrueche Tran sizzles in oversized sweater and thigh-high boots as she sends a clear anti-Trump message during night out Should Jess be worried? Ruby Rose trades in Vin Diesel for new co-star as she enjoys friendship with Pitch Perfect 3 band-mate Andy Allo 'Hottest runway ever': Victoria's Secret models Bridget Malcolm and Karlie Kloss to headline David Jones show with Jesinta Franklin and Jess Gomes Judy Garland superfan spent $15K on the crypt next to hers, but his dreams of spending eternity with starlet are dashed now that her body has been moved She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA She also rocked a motorcycle jacket with a pink furry collar Putting the dance in Sundance! Toni Collette and her 'Fun Mom Dinner' co-stars let their hair down as they party into the night following premiere 'Blow me away': Chloe Lattanzi's face is covered but she still flaunts her VERY ample cleavage as she snaps a selfie during Portland wind storm 'He is making me feel good things': Fans go wild as new Beauty & The Beast posters give a first glimpse of Girl On The Train hunk Luke Evans as Gaston  Prince Charles dismayed the public has become overly 'obsessed' with Brexit to the detriment of other world issues Expressed his concerns Rylan Clark Neal and Speidi FINALLY bury the hatchet following their Celebrity Big Brother eviction... and even declare each other 'friends' Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Paul McCartney's ex Heather Mills, 49, shows off her figure in a plunging mermaid maxi as she throws some shapes during night out in Austria Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her youthful complexion and famous cleavage in party dress at Paris bash Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  They have hired a team of gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return     DON'T MISS Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less Today's headlines Most Read Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants emergency stay temporarily HALTING deportation of... Uber CEO Travis Kalanick pledges to compensate 'thousands of its drivers' affected by the immigration ban... Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to... What does the emergency stay of execution mean for detained travelers and what happens next? Female intruder snuck into GOP retreat using fake credentials saying she was a congressman's wife on the day... Snack smugglers beware! Posh New York theater shames movie fans bringing in their own food and warns... New York plans to install vast system of facial recognition cameras that matches drivers licenses to social... FedEx delivery driver lauded as a hero after stopping protesters from lighting American flags on fire Distraught woman facing deportation to Chile attempts suicide at JFK Airport 24 hours before Trump's... Decapitated bodies of three police officers are found in southern Mexico in suspected cartel-related torture... 'Granny just killed momma': Florida grandmother is arrested after she 'stabbed daughter and murdered son'... 10 people injured in mass shooting during party at National Guard Armory building in Tennessee California Governor Jerry Brown to get further prostate cancer treatment starting in February but will... 'Let them eat cake': Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5k gown with... Iran will retaliate against Trump's immigration ban by 'limiting visas to American tourists' - as Canadian... Chaos at JFK: Protesters descend on airport after 12 travelers are held overnight in confusion at Trump... 'We are equals': Trump and Putin vow to maintain 'regular personal contact' in their first call, discuss... Trump gives Pentagon 30 days to come up with ISIS strategy as he restructures National Security Council to... Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be... NBA calls for Trump to clarify his immigration ban as players including Sudan-born Luol Deng and Thon Maker... Sir Mo Farah faces being BANNED from returning to his family in America under Donald Trump’s immigration... 'We wouldn't exist without immigration': Apple CEO Tim Cook slams Trump's executive order as Mark Zuckerberg... 'Trump is right!' Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu hails the president's border plans because the wall... Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans... Texas mosque is destroyed in blaze hours after Donald Trump signs executive order banning immigration from... Trump's efforts to 'drain the swamp' see him ban administration officials from lobbying the US on behalf of... Actor Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he... The obscure truth about THAT picture: Theresa May had to take hold of Donald Trump's hand because 'the US... Trump beats Obama's executive action first week record: President who criticized his predecessor for... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Business Nintendo Switch Sold Out After Three Days of Getting Announced By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on January 16 2017 06:13 PM Share Tweet Share Share Email When Nintendo announced the Nintendo Switch, it promised to ship out 2 million units worldwide on the first week alone. However, it does seem that there will be a shortage of the gaming console as retailers begin to deny orders from would-be buyers. Gamestop has announced that most of its customers are already on back-order for the Nintendo Switch. It announced through its website that it has exhausted its allotment for the gaming console. On top of this, other retailers seem to have sold out most of their allotments for the Nintendo Switch as well. Stores like Target, Amazon, Toys R Us, Walmart, and Best Buy have all announced that they ran out of stock for the gaming console. It is quite unclear as to how much allotment these stores have for the Nintendo Switch. However, with the 2 million initial numbers worldwide, it could not have been that many. Nevertheless, would-be buyers will now have to wait for the console to become available again before putting their orders. Nintendo Switch (via nintendo.com) Perhaps it is still not the end of the world for some die-hard fans who forgot the pre-order dates. In fact, eBay has had numerous listings of the said console since its official announcement. Unfortunately, owing to the nature of transactions on eBay, would-be buyers might need to cough up quite a bit more. Some of the listings indicated a reselling price above and beyond the suggested market pricing. There were others who even posted the Nintendo Switch price at more than $400. Nintendo is yet to make further announcements on the availability of the Nintendo Switch. Right now, gamers who want the console would have to contend on the first 2 million units that will be available on March 3. After that, there will be a considerable lead time as Nintendo restocks the console once again. Be that as it may, it would seem that Nintendo is indeed making a comeback on the console gaming market. However, whether the company would be able to deliver the games on time or not, it is still too soon to tell. For now, buyers will have access to at least four game titles on release. With more to come in the coming months. For more updates on the Nintendo Switch, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. READ ALSO: Snapdragon 835 Toting Nokia 8 Supreme Coming to MWC 2017 Related Items:Nintendo Switch Price, Nintendo Switch Release Date, Nintendo Switch Sold-out Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Nintendo Switch FAQs that Video Gamers Have Right Now: Possible Answers Here Nintendo Switch vs Wii U: Graphics Comparison Makes Switch Worth The Buy, But Console Already Sold Out With A $300 Price Tag, Is the Nintendo Switch Worth It? About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Resident Evil 7 Sales Numbers: Capcom Inches In On Resident Evil 5’s Lifetime Sales Tekken 7 DLC: “We Do Not Sell Classic Tekken Characters,” Says Director Rainbow Six Siege: Renown Bonus Event And Free 1 Day Booster After Server Outage The Sims 4 Cheats For City Living, Vampire Mode: Everything You Need To Know Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Viral: You’ll Never Guess What This Monk Work At Night Buddhist monks are usually a group of people who are seen by many as... Resident Evil 7 Sales Numbers: Capcom Inches In On Resident Evil 5’s Lifetime Sales Resident Evil 7 has already reached 2.5 million sales three days since its release.... Resident Evil 7 Banned Footage Vol. 2 DLC: Magazine Scan Shows First Images For The Daughters, Jack’s 55th Birthday, And 21 Shortly after the launch of Resident Evil 7, Capcom revealed the first set of... Splatoon 2 Special Abilities: All Weapon Skills We Know So Far During the last Nintendo Switch reveals, the Splatoon 2 trailer was released and it... Injustice 2 Characters: Nightwing Not Returning As Damien Wayne Dons Robin Costume After revealing Robin as one of the Injustice 2 characters, NetherRealms has decided to... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 mobile gaming The Division featured no man's sky PC iOS pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick facebook playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Blizzard Pokemon Go Update Game of Thrones games NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Industry Hardware Distribution News 5 Nintendo Switch allocations sold out at many UK and US retailers by Mark Tyson on 16 January 2017, 13:01 Tags: Nintendo (TYO:7974), Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qaddel Add to My Vault: It looks like the Nintendo Switch is a 'sell out success' as retailers with pre-allocated stock all seem to have run out already. Various reports in the last few hours state that Amazon UK and US websites had sold out on Friday, GameStop sold out yesterday, and other US retailers like Target, Toys R Us, Walmart and Best Buy all list the console, which launches March 3, as unavailable. Some accessories and game carts are still available. There's a glimmer of hope for UK-based Nintendo Switch fans with GAME still offering pre-orders at the time of writing. However, it must be noted that the retailer has "not received official confirmation of stock allocation", so it can't guarantee launch-time order fulfilment... During my own plodding around the internet I found that the Nintendo Switch (Neon Red/Neon Blue) was still up for pre-order at Amazon UK, but the more tasteful grey one was unavailable. With demand and supply so unbalanced right now, it's not surprising to hear of eBay scalpers in action. Reports say that some eBayers are listing Switch console packs at $200 or more official MSRPs. The recent supply problems seen in the market for the NES Classic Edition Mini consoles won't be repeated with the Switch launch, reassured Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils-Aime. The big N exec told Wired that the Switch launch won't be anything like the NES Classic launch. For example, in the first month of availability Nintendo will have 2 million Switch units available which "is a huge number, especially when you look and see that this is not peak seasonality," opined Fils-Aime. Worldwide availability of the Nintendo Switch is scheduled for 3rd March. Related Reading 2 Hugo Barra joining Facebook as VP of virtual reality (VPVR) The news that he was leaving Xiaomi only hit the news wires a couple of days ago. 10 Battlefield 1 They Shall Not Pass introduces the French army And this first Battlefield 1 DLC pack includes four all-new maps, and more (available March 2017). 28 Computer FPS players might not be better real-world marksmen A 2012 study suggesting otherwise has recently been retracted. Valve developing at least one single player video game First footage of Nintendo Switch touch screen in action (video) QOTW: Will you be buying the Nintendo Switch? Nintendo Switch to be released worldwide on 3rd March NES Classic Mini hackers manage to add lots more games HEXUS Forums :: 5 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by excalibur1814 - Mon 16 Jan 2017 13:11 “Nintendo Switch (Neon Red/Neon Blue)” - Still available to order on the U.k. Amazon page. Posted by cheesemp - Mon 16 Jan 2017 14:41 So Nintendo are trying the old limit supply to push up preorders trick they did with the WII? I can't imagine it'll be hard to buy one if they do have 2 million units available in the first month. (Wonder how many are available for preorder - bet its a lot less than that!) Posted by DanceswithUnix - Mon 16 Jan 2017 15:14 excalibur1814 “Nintendo Switch (Neon Red/Neon Blue)” - Still available to order on the U.k. Amazon page. Friday early evening they wouldn't take an order when we tried. Game were still taking orders. Posted by walibe - Mon 16 Jan 2017 16:42 DanceswithUnix excalibur1814 “Nintendo Switch (Neon Red/Neon Blue)” - Still available to order on the U.k. Amazon page. Friday early evening they wouldn't take an order when we tried. Game were still taking orders. Yeah I pre ordered the switch last week - not long after it was available and the expected ship date has now changed to the 9th of March which is a pain as it's for the good ladies Birthday on the 4th… so perhaps this date is based on expected stock batches. Posted by UseItNow - Mon 16 Jan 2017 20:13 I don't know what it is but I like the look of that controller! MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Computer FPS players might not be better real-world marksmen 28 2 Ubisoft publishes detailed For Honor PC system specs 4 3 Battlefield 1 They Shall Not Pass introduces the French army 10 4 Micro Machines World Series arrives on Windows 10 in April 6 5 Tekken 7 arrives on PC on 2nd June, PC specs revealed 8 1 Computer FPS players might not be better real-world marksmen 28 2 Battlefield 1 They Shall Not Pass introduces the French army 10 3 Tekken 7 arrives on PC on 2nd June, PC specs revealed 8 4 First footage of Nintendo Switch touch screen in action (video) 7 5 Micro Machines World Series arrives on Windows 10 in April 6 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 SHIELD Experience Upgrade 5.0 available for SHIELD (2015) 2 ASUS Announces Designo Curve MX34VQ 3 New 11.6inch Tablet PC from Hannspree: Big screen, big tech, great price! 4 Genius Announces Mobile Theater - MT-20 Speakers 5 New Paragon exFAT/NTFS/FAT32/HFS+ read and write access on Android with a free trial 6 ASUS Republic of Gamers Announces Swift PG258Q INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 409,431 Forum posts: 2,566,094 Forum threads: 247,284 Currently active users: 267 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Amazon to accept food stamps, taking on Walmart CBS News Aimee Picchi 1/16/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks © Brendan McDermid/Reuters Amazon workers deliver groceries from the Amazon Fresh service in the Brooklyn Borough of New York, November 25, 2014. The world of food stamps is about to go high-tech, and it may turn the grocery industry on its head.  The U.S. Department of Agriculture is testing a pilot program this summer that will allow seven online grocery stores to accept food stamps, including online retailing giant Amazon.com (AMZN). The two-year program will test online ordering and payment, with the USDA noting that online food-stamp purchases need “a higher level of security” because of the risk of fraud. The agency said it would like to roll out the program nationwide and add more retailers.  The program, while modest in its initial phase, has the potential to shake up the $800 billion grocery industry. About 43 million low-income Americans rely on food stamps, officially called the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), for $66.6 billion in annual grocery benefits. Amazon’s participation may seem like an unusual strategy, given that it has emphasized its $99 annual Prime program, which is geared to solidly middle-class consumers. Yet Amazon has also been pushing into the grocery business, with plans for check-out-free stores and online delivery services.  Amazon is also taking steps to provide more flexibility for lower-income consumers, such as offering a monthly $10.99 payment plan for Prime.  At the same time, Walmart (WMT) is focusing on reinventing its grocery services, such as through its new curbside grocery pickup, which has proved popular with millennial parents with young children. The retailing giant depends on its grocery business for 56 percent of its U.S. revenue.  To be sure, the USDA’s online SNAP pilot is likely to start out small, and it’s debatable whether food-stamp recipients will take to ordering groceries online. Yet Americans are increasingly turning to their computers when stocking their pantries. Online grocery ordering is “nearing an inflection point,” with four out of 10 consumers having purchased groceries online, according to advisory firm Gordon Brothers.  Expanding food stamps to online grocery services may help eliminate so-called food deserts, or neighborhoods that lack grocery stores offering fresh, healthy food.  “It’s not just that there’s an opportunity; it’s more than an opportunity, it’s an obligation,” said Larry Scott Blackmon, vice president of public affairs at FreshDirect. “We feel that this payment option should be afforded to everyone.”  FreshDirect, a New York-based online grocery service, had worked on an earlier pilot program with the USDA in the South Bronx, and found that one stumbling block was the government’s restrictions on payment. Food-stamp customers had to accept the grocery delivery in person, swiping their payment card through a machine carried by the company’s delivery people. “If you look at a traditional model where a customer goes online to order, we can leave the delivery with a doorman or leave at the customer’s house,” Blackmon said. “Currently the delivery person has to carry a separate device that, when the goods are delivered, the person has to have the [electronic-transfer benefit] card and swipe.” The new pilot program from the USDA will test online payment as well as ordering, and include seven retailers in urban and rural areas. Other retailers besides Amazon and FreshDiect include ShopRite, which will test the program in Maryland, New Jersey and Pennsylvania, and Safeway, which will roll out the pilot in Maryland, Oregon and Washington. Walmart isn’t one of the retailers taking part in the pilot.  “Amazon is excited to participate in the USDA SNAP online purchasing pilot,” Amazon said in a statement sent to CBS MoneyWatch. “We are committed to making food accessible through online grocery shopping, offering all customers the lowest prices possible. Amazon’s selection and competitive pricing can improve the grocery shopping experience for SNAP participants while helping them extend their benefits further.”  For its part, Walmart said it wants to work with the USDA’s Food and Nutrition Service, which administers the USDA’s food stamp program. “We look forward to working with FNS as they continue to explore this opportunity,” the company said. “We’ve expanded our highly popular online grocery service from 5 markets to more than 100 markets over the past 18 months in both large and small communities across the country.” Walmart noted that about 16 percent of its customer base earns less than $20,000 annually, or on par with the total U.S. population. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CBS News 10 homes on stilts CBS News CBS News View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Nintendo Switch Pre-Orders Breakdown: What You Need to Know Travis Pope01/12/2017 The impending Nintendo Switch release feels more real than it ever has before. Late this evening, Nintendo finally revealed more about the living room and portable gaming console coming soon to stores everywhere. Even Nintendo Switch pre-orders are almost here. Advertisement First and foremost, the Nintendo Switch is a replacement for the ageing Nintendo Wii U. When docked, the Switch will output to a television set like any other video game console that came before it. It’s when users need to get up and go that they’ll realize just what a major departure from the norm the Switch is. Removing the console from its base switches it into a mobile mode. Users need only add two Joy Con controllers on either side of the device’s screen and they can keep playing away from their television set. Read: Nintendo Switch Release – What it is and What We Know Advertisement Here’s what you need to know about Nintendo Switch pre-orders, and why it’s best that you get your debit or credit card ready as soon as possible to get your device reserved. Advertisement Nintendo Switch Pre-Orders: Price and Bundles The key to any successful video game console launch are pricing and bundles. If the console price is too high, enough casual users won’t be willing to make an investment. If they stay behind, developers don’t have a large enough base to make the games that they develop for a platform profitable. Bundles offer a way for console makers to defray some of the cost in adopting a new video game console. A perfect example of both of these things working against a console is Microsoft’s Xbox One and the Sony PlayStation 3. The PlayStation 3 had a high price tag because of the Blu-Ray player Sony insisted on it including. The Xbox One only came with a Kinect sensor at launch, boosting the price by $100, supposedly. Nintendo seems to have learned from Microsoft and Sony’s mistakes. The Nintendo Switch will cost $299.99 in the United States. Pre-orders begin in Japan on January 21st. Nintendo Switch Pre-Orders: Nintendo Switch Release Date Originally, Nintendo expected to have the Nintendo Switch release date sometime within 2016. Delays in launch titles caused the company to delay its efforts. By late 2016, Nintendo had a rough time frame of March 2017, but didn’t say what day. The Nintendo Switch The Nintendo Switch will arrive on store shelves March 3rd in the United States. Advertisement The company may have missed the 2016 holiday shopping season, but it’ll now have the rest of the year to work out kinks and get ready for the next massive giving season. What’s more, the spring isn’t as usually stuffed with game releases and console updates as the fall is. Nintendo should be able to easily dominate gaming news coverage. There are some high-profile releases, but nothing on the scale of the Nintendo Switch’s release. Nintendo Switch Pre-Orders: Where to Make Your Purchase For now, where you make your Nintendo Switch pre-order doesn’t matter in a big sense. That being said, there are some things to consider. Best Buy Best Buy is offering Nintendo Switch pre-orders soon. As the company has a trade-in program for store credit, you could unload some of your old stuff to make your purchase more affordable. The Best Buy pre-order page is up, but barely working. Advertisement GameStop GameStop’s in-store trade in program is a great way to save on Nintendo Switch pre-orders. If you’re planning for this new console to replace the old Wii U that you have, better to trade it-in and save. It’s also worth noting that GameStop doesn’t charge you the full price of an item when pre-ordering. If you head into a store, you can reserve your Nintendo Switch with a minimum down payment, then slowly cover the rest of the cost up until release day. Walmart Walmart briefly had stock of the Nintendo Switch up, but logging into the site and visiting the Nintendo Switch page again shows that the console is out of stock. Amazon Advertisement An Amazon Prime subscription won’t get any a big discount on Nintendo Switch pre-orders like it does with games. That being said, the company’s lightning fast trade-in program for old games and systems could prove useful. Instead of waiting to receive titles, Amazon’s Trade-In programs credit’s user’s account with a gift card almost immediately. It’s also worth noting that Amazon doesn’t charge for items until they’ve been shipped. Amazon lets users request a notification when pre-orders kick off there. Skyrim, FIFA and Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild are all available for pre-order when browsing the site’s search results. [ See the Nintendo Switch at Amazon ] Nintendo Store A limited quantity of pre-orders for the #NintendoSwitch will begin on 1/13 at 9AM while supplies last at #NintendoNYC. — Nintendo NY (@NintendoNYC) January 11, 2017 The official Nintendo Store in New York City will start taking Nintendo Switch pre-orders at 9AM Easter Standard Time on January 13th. They’ll be awarded on a first-come, first-serve basis. Nintendo Switch Pre-Orders: What to Keep in Mind If you’re set on placing a Nintendo Switch pre-order, there are some things to know. First, don’t take your time placing your pre-order. Nintendo has a reputation for not producing enough of any of its hardware. It’s a reputation it managed to enhance with the botched launch of the Nintendo NES Classic last year. If you think you’ll want one at launch, place a pre-order. Second, when placing your Nintendo Switch pre-order, keep an eye out for any games that you might want. Lastly, you shouldn’t forget to factor in the price of the console’s online multiplayer. Nintendo says that the service will be free at first, before requiring a subscription to use. We don’t yet know how much online play will cost. Good luck with your Nintendo Switch pre-orders. 22 Confirmed Nintendo Switch Games The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild   1 / 22  The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild was the first exclusive game confirmed for the Nintendo Switch. This new entry in the series is Nintendo’s attempt at introducing open-world mechanics to the modern franchise. Link has advanced mobility – he can jump or climb. The game’s different dungeons can be completed in any order. Players can craft some items using materials that they find in the open world. Amiibo figures are supported too. Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild is one of the Nintendo Switch games that you don’t need new hardware to experience. It’s also coming to Nintendo’s Wii U console.   1 / 22 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website iPhone vs Android: 14 Reasons iPhone is Better 01/27/2017 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/27/2017
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » MoneyWatch Fiat Chrysler evaded pollution controls, and other... CBS Evening News Refugee ban takes effect CBSN Refugee detained at airport CBS Evening News Trump's full day CBS Evening News World reaction to Trump CBS Evening News Silicon Valley vs. Trump CBS Evening News Serena Williams wins CBS Evening News Kay Wenal murder case CBS Evening News Lunar New Year in China CBS Evening News Trump supporters' tip On The Road Pro wrestler's day job CBS This Morning Texas officer excessive force CBS This Morning Mylan CEO on EpiPen price hike CBS This Morning Sexist dress codes in U.K.? CBS This Morning GOP lawmakers and Trump Trending Mark Zuckerberg drops his Hawaiian land lawsuits Trending Overloaded U.S. immigration courts a "recipe for disaster" Trending Here's who benefits from Keystone, Dakota pipelines Trending Are Americans ready for PJs as everyday wear? Trending U.S. economic growth slowed to 1.6% last year Trending Beware new "can you hear me" scam Trending What Trump's mortgage insurance move means for homebuyers Trending How would a "border adjustment tax" affect Americans? Trending Get your own bottle of McDonald’s “special sauce” Trending Mark Zuckerberg rethinks his Hawaiian land lawsuits Trending Kerry: Trump can’t immediately undo Obama accomplishments Trending How Matt Damon's nonprofit aims to end water crisis By Aimee Picchi MoneyWatch January 16, 2017, 5:30 AM Amazon to accept food stamps, taking on Walmart Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email The world of food stamps is about to go high-tech, and it may turn the grocery industry on its head.  The U.S. Department of Agriculture is testing a pilot program this summer that will allow seven online grocery stores to accept food stamps, including online retailing giant Amazon.com (AMZN). The two-year program will test online ordering and payment, with the USDA noting that online food-stamp purchases need “a higher level of security” because of the risk of fraud. The agency said it would like to roll out the program nationwide and add more retailers.  The program, while modest in its initial phase, has the potential to shake up the $800 billion grocery industry. About 43 million low-income Americans rely on food stamps, officially called the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), for $66.6 billion in annual grocery benefits. Amazon’s participation may seem like an unusual strategy, given that it has emphasized its $99 annual Prime program, which is geared to solidly middle-class consumers. Yet Amazon has also been pushing into the grocery business, with plans for check-out-free stores and online delivery services.  Play Video CBSN Amazon Go opens cashier-free smart grocery store Amazon has already changed the way we shop online and now they are hoping to do the same in stores as well. Wall Street Journal reporter Laura St... Amazon is also taking steps to provide more flexibility for lower-income consumers, such as offering a monthly $10.99 payment plan for Prime.  At the same time, Walmart (WMT) is focusing on reinventing its grocery services, such as through its new curbside grocery pickup, which has proved popular with millennial parents with young children. The retailing giant depends on its grocery business for 56 percent of its U.S. revenue.  To be sure, the USDA’s online SNAP pilot is likely to start out small, and it’s debatable whether food-stamp recipients will take to ordering groceries online. Yet Americans are increasingly turning to their computers when stocking their pantries. Online grocery ordering is “nearing an inflection point,” with four out of 10 consumers having purchased groceries online, according to advisory firm Gordon Brothers.  Play Video Sunday Morning The rise of online food delivery Eating and drinking are definitely easier, and merrier, when there isn't all that pesky shopping to do first. Which is where online entrepreneurs... Expanding food stamps to online grocery services may help eliminate so-called food deserts, or neighborhoods that lack grocery stores offering fresh, healthy food.  “It’s not just that there’s an opportunity; it’s more than an opportunity, it’s an obligation,” said Larry Scott Blackmon, vice president of public affairs at FreshDirect. “We feel that this payment option should be afforded to everyone.”  FreshDirect, a New York-based online grocery service, had worked on an earlier pilot program with the USDA in the South Bronx, and found that one stumbling block was the government’s restrictions on payment. Food-stamp customers had to accept the grocery delivery in person, swiping their payment card through a machine carried by the company’s delivery people. “If you look at a traditional model where a customer goes online to order, we can leave the delivery with a doorman or leave at the customer’s house,” Blackmon said. “Currently the delivery person has to carry a separate device that, when the goods are delivered, the person has to have the [electronic-transfer benefit] card and swipe.” Play Video CBS This Morning Behind the scenes of FreshDirect: Online grocer takes direct aim at supermarkets Giant retailers like Walmart and Amazon see groceries as the next frontier in e-commerce, but Vinita Nair takes you inside FreshDirect, an online... The new pilot program from the USDA will test online payment as well as ordering, and include seven retailers in urban and rural areas. Other retailers besides Amazon and FreshDiect include ShopRite, which will test the program in Maryland, New Jersey and Pennsylvania, and Safeway, which will roll out the pilot in Maryland, Oregon and Washington. Walmart isn’t one of the retailers taking part in the pilot.  “Amazon is excited to participate in the USDA SNAP online purchasing pilot,” Amazon said in a statement sent to CBS MoneyWatch. “We are committed to making food accessible through online grocery shopping, offering all customers the lowest prices possible. Amazon’s selection and competitive pricing can improve the grocery shopping experience for SNAP participants while helping them extend their benefits further.”  For its part, Walmart said it wants to work with the USDA’s Food and Nutrition Service, which administers the USDA’s food stamp program. “We look forward to working with FNS as they continue to explore this opportunity,” the company said. “We’ve expanded our highly popular online grocery service from 5 markets to more than 100 markets over the past 18 months in both large and small communities across the country.” Walmart noted that about 16 percent of its customer base earns less than $20,000 annually, or on par with the total U.S. population. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features Donald Trump's record: marketer, promoter - not CEO On the border: Possible tax on Mexican goods worries some U.S. businesses Feds arrest 2 in scam banking on "Hamilton," Adele shows Mark Zuckerberg drops his Hawaiian land lawsuits Overloaded U.S. immigration courts a "recipe for disaster" Market News Moneywatch Spotlight The 9 worst U.S. cities to own a car The best 11 jobs in America for 2017 8 homes made from recycled materials Meet the 8 men who are wealthier than half the globe 10 homes on stilts Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com Millions of Americans have been over-paying for chicken thanks to this mathematical glitch Sunday, January 15, 2017 by: Amy Goodrich Tags: artificial prices, chicken industry, chicken price, economy, FDA, fraud, Georgia Department of Agriculture, Georgia Dock, meat industry, price index, price manipulation (Natural News) Thanks to “gardening blogger” Arty G. Schronce from the Georgia Department of Agriculture you’ve probably overpaid for chicken meat in the past few years. The New York Times recently reported some significant flaws in the indexes that determine the price of chicken meat in grocery stores. As it turns out, the prices have been rigged. (RELATED: See more news about rigged markets, rigged elections and rigged pricing at Rigged.news) Of the three primary indexes – the Georgia Dock, Urner Barry index, and the index compiled by the Federal Department of Agriculture (FDA) – used to help set chicken prices, two of them hovered around $0.72 a pound at the end of October. The Georgia Dock index, however, was at $1.10 a pound. This 30 percent gap recently came to the surface and has prompted investors to pose serious questions As reported by the Washington Post, a significant portion of chicken sold to retailers is based on the Georgia Dock price. Every week Arty Shronce makes a calculation that gives big retailers – such as Walmart and Safeway – an average price for a pound of chicken. Are chicken prices artificially high? Where does this high diversion in price come from? It turns out that there’s a reason for this. While the Urner Barry index and the index compiled by the FDA are working to validate the information they get from chicken producers, Georgia Dock does not. Today, the Georgia Dock index is based on data from 10 of the 11 companies that process poultry in the state. Once a week, Schronce calls facility managers to retrieve information to set the average price per pound of poultry sold. But how correct are the calculations of a gardening blogger who, according to critics, does not do enough to verify the data he receives. Furthermore, two of the largest American chicken producers – Pilgrim’s Pride and Tyson Foods – seem to have too much sway over how the Georgia Department of Agriculture calculates the chicken price index. So if the largest chicken producers are telling the Georgia Dock which prices they should use and the information isn’t properly verified, there is a good chance that the prices of chicken meat are artificially high. Also, data shows that most of the chicken consumed by Americans comes from supermarkets who generally use the Georgia Dock index, so the chances are high that you are paying a lot more for your chicken then you should. (RELATED: Discover more news about fresh food ingredients at Fresh.news) Georgia Dock doubts itself Maybe the most remarkable thing about the whole chicken price story is that it was Arty Schronce himself to blow the whistle on his own pricing index. In a memo written to the Georgia Department of Agriculture, he said that he had come to “question the validity of some of the information provided” by local chicken producers. Furthermore, he honestly stated that his training was inadequate, inconsistent, and sometimes in error. Furthermore, he noted that the companies he was required to survey were sometimes unresponsive. “I often received lackadaisical and rude responses to my requests for information,” Schronce wrote. Sometimes his calls were not returned, or the companies simply responded to his price questions with “just keep ’em the same.” According to Schronce, it was not the first time he voiced these concerns. He said that he takes his job very serious. However, he noted that it is no longer in his power to do it adequately and blames the Georgia Department of Agriculture and the reporting poultry companies for the misleading prices. In their defense, McPeake, of the Georgia Department of Agriculture, said a review process began in December 2015 after “serious concerns” emerged. She added that even though Schronce’s training “may have been abridged due to unfortunate and unforeseen circumstances, every effort was made to ensure that he was indeed trained on some level.” As stated by The Wall Street Journal, Georgia Dock has apparently responded to their shortcomings and will require companies to submit additional data to verify the accuracy of the information. Sources: ZeroHedge.com WashingtonPost.com NYTimes.com WSJ.com Scribd.com Previous :Ten horrifying ingredients that prove McDonald’s is not fit for consumption Next : Eat the right fats: Butter vs. margarine 100% authentic hemp extract with CBD Authentic, honest and scientifically validated using breakthrough science.  IN STOCK, SHIPPING TODAY Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on artificial prices Millions of Americans have been over-paying for chicken thanks to this mathematical glitch Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-01-15-american-chicken-industry-pricing-has-been-based-on-faulty-information.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-01-15-american-chicken-industry-pricing-has-been-based-on-faulty-information.html">Millions of Americans have been over-paying for chicken thanks to this mathematical glitch</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year How antidepressants ruin your natural serotonin so you can never be happy again ... without your pills Oil pipelines vs. rail transport: The statistics on spills vs. safety point to a clear winner - NaturalNews.com Huge threat to scientific freedom: Scientists under attack after exposing industry secrets about GMOs - NaturalNews.com Big Pharma’s synthetic cannabis pills are killing people ... yet authentic marijuana is still criminalized - NaturalNews.com Natural homemade toothpaste heals cavities while whitening teeth - NaturalNews.com Self-defense is now ILLEGAL in the UK CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Goodbye, Obama, you “sleeper cell” traitor and enemy of America… (you won’t be missed) - NaturalNews.com Left-wing media gave huge coverage to march against Trump, but completely blacked out the March Against Monsanto - NaturalNews.com Study confirms: High levels of toxicity are drastically reduced in the body after women switch to natural make-up Sensitive to gluten? Traditional sourdough offers a unique solution to bread woes Stay healthy by eating these potassium-rich foods - NaturalNews.com Trump is right to investigate voter fraud … and many experts think he'll find plenty of evidence to prove it - NaturalNews.com Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding - NaturalNews.com Merck vaccine fraud exposed by two Merck virologists; company faked mumps vaccine efficacy results for over a decade, says lawsuit The top 10 fake news stories of the last two years that were relentlessly pushed by the “fakestream media” - NaturalNews.com Glyphosate (RoundUp) found to cause liver disease… how much are you eating at every meal? - NaturalNews.com Grocery store hemp seeds could become Schedule I controlled substances under new DEA power grab - NaturalNews.com One big, fat, ugly bubble is about to burst… and Donald Trump will be wrongly blamed for it - NaturalNews.com Goodbye, Obama, you “sleeper cell” traitor and enemy of America… (you won’t be missed) - NaturalNews.com The ten false fears of the unhinged left that have transformed once-productive citizens into quivering mounds of Trump-a-noia - NaturalNews.com Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes - NaturalNews.com President Trump just banned federal funding of abortions - NaturalNews.com Scientists shocked to learn that shingles vaccines can transform vaccinated people into “carriers” who spread infectious disease - NaturalNews.com Beware: US salmon may be crawling with Japanese tapeworm, say scientists - NaturalNews.com Natural homemade toothpaste heals cavities while whitening teeth - NaturalNews.com Trump crushes the TPP, taking a hatchet to the international profits of Big Pharma - NaturalNews.com WINNING: Ten highly effective ways President Trump and Kellyanne Conway can win the war against the dishonest, America-hating left-wing news cartels - NaturalNews.com 3 natural pain relievers that are as powerful as drugs, without the side effects CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Why President Trump should issue an Interpol arrest warrant for George Soros - NaturalNews.com Republican traitor Paul Ryan now trying to protect Big Pharma from Trump’s monopoly-dismantling reforms - NaturalNews.com Fake news: Mainstream media already caught reporting 3 lies on President Trump’s first day - NaturalNews.com TIME Magazine runs vile hit piece against RFK Jr. for daring to tell the truth about mercury in vaccines - NaturalNews.com Panic attacks, anxiety linked to low vitamin B and iron levels: Study Frankincense oil kills cancer cells while boosting the immune system, studies show The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes - NaturalNews.com Walking your children home from school and driving while caffeinated are now felony crimes in police state America - NaturalNews.com Obama trying to start WWIII before Jan. 20; feds “probe” Drudge Report with DDoS attack; NaturalNews and InfoWars targeted for cyber attack take downs - NaturalNews.com Two of the world’s most evil people – Bill Gates and George Soros – behind Facebook’s news censorship agenda - NaturalNews.com Californian Senator Richard Pan pushing to outlaw parental rights in all medical decisions - NaturalNews.com Forbes.com hit piece on Natural News backfires: Health Ranger confirmed as world’s most powerful foe of corporate science fraud - NaturalNews.com Draining the Pharma swamp: Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma’s monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding for government drug purchase contracts - NaturalNews.com One big, fat, ugly bubble is about to burst… and Donald Trump will be wrongly blamed for it - NaturalNews.com 10 brands of baby wipes recalled due to pneumonia-causing bacteria contamination The only prediction that really matters for 2017: The global debt collapse begins, followed by the rise of fascist, totalitarian government - NaturalNews.com CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Electoral voter death threats backfire: Hillary Clinton loses four, Donald Trump wins in an electoral landslide - NaturalNews.com Ten horrifying ingredients that prove McDonald’s is not fit for consumption - NaturalNews.com Trump takes aim at vaccines, names Robert F. Kennedy Jr. head of new commission to expose dangers of mercury preservative (Thimerosal) - NaturalNews.com Now you can HEAR chemistry: Health Ranger translates molecules into music in stunning video demonstration that will blow your mind (and your ears) - NaturalNews.com California just decriminalized child prostitutes beginning Jan 1… “legalization” stirs outrage - NaturalNews.com Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement What you are not being told about the Zika virus Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs 10 health benefits of cucumbers Zika HOAX exposed by South American doctors: Brain deformations caused by larvicide chemical linked to Monsanto; GM mosquitoes a 'total failure' Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Five ingredients that poison your brain Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Globalist war against humanity shifts into high gear: Cars, cash, literature and independent news all targeted for elimination 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night Health News 25 Powerful Anti-Inflammatory Herbs and Spices (Blogs.naturalnews.com) From Anxiety to Addiction: The Top 10 Uses of CBD Oil (Blogs.naturalnews.com) Garlic and Raw Milk Treat Pneumonia, Asthma, Insomnia, Cough, Arthritis, and Cardiac Problems (Blogs.naturalnews.com) 5 Food Ingredients That Damage Your Brain (Blogs.naturalnews.com) De-Stress Your Life (Blogs.naturalnews.com) 10 Magnesium Oil Benefits (How to make your own magnesium oil) (Blogs.naturalnews.com) AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Games Nintendo Switch Nintendo Amazon Nintendo eases Switch stock concerns, says those who want the new console will get one "Our focus is making sure consumers who want to buy a Nintendo Switch can buy a Nintendo Switch." By Ben Skipper January 16, 2017 09:03 GMT The Nintendo Switch console with multi-coloured Joy-Con controllers.Nintendo Nintendo has eased concerns that its new gaming console, Nintendo Switch, will be in short supply come its worldwide release on 3 March. The assurance that won't be the case comes after the launch of last year's NES Classic, which was near-impossible to find in the run-up to Christmas. Following last week's (13 January) reveal presentation, at which Nintendo announced the release date and a £279.99/$299.99 price point, Switch was made available to pre-order for the first time from most major retailers. Pre-orders have already stopped being taken at Amazon on both sides of the Atlantic, and other major US retailers like Best Buy and Walmart. When asked about potential shortages, Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils Aime told Wired: "What we've said publicly is that there will be 2 million units that will be shipped worldwide for the launch, essentially through month one. "Two million for essentially the first month is a huge number, especially when you look and see that this is not peak seasonality. "This is essentially the first three weeks of March. Our focus is making sure that the consumer who wants to buy a Nintendo Switch can buy a Nintendo Switch. That's how we build our supply chain, that's how we think through the amount of product that's available." It seems that retailers don't yet know the exact number of consoles they'll be getting on launch day. Game UK, which is still taking pre-orders with the caveat that getting a console on launch day is not guaranteed, said: "At this time we have not received official confirmation of stock allocation. Until we have our allocation confirmed by Nintendo we cannot guarantee that every order will be fulfilled for launch." US retailer GameStop also stopped taking pre-orders, saying in a press release: "We're working closely with Nintendo to get additional Nintendo Switch units, and will let our customers know when they become available." Nintendo Switch will be released on 3 March with launch titles The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, 1-2 Switch, Just Dance 2017, Super Bomberman R and Skylanders Imaginators. For all the latest video game news follow us on Twitter @IBTGamesUK. More from IBTimes UK 1-2 Switch preview: Cow-milking and gunslingin' in Nintendo's Joy-Con mini-game fest The Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild gets a stunning new trailer Nintendo Switch launch game 1-2 Switch's cow-milking mini game is udder filth Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close PM May headed to Turkey to discuss post-Brexit trade and security deals with President Erdogan Columnists Tony Earnshaw “Remembering John Hurt: A wildly funny actor 'rooted in normality' READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Google Pixel 2 rumoured to come with improved camera, processor and higher price tag Google said to be testing prototypes of budget Pixel 2B phones with... Nokia launches Mika digital assistant designed for telecom operators Nokia's Predictive Service would is available from March 2017. 'I was murdered in Auschwitz:' Haunting Twitter account names Jewish refugees turned away by the US During the war and Holocaust, 254 of the former passengers of MS St... How Resident Evil 7 is molded by the hateful, terrified world of Trump and Brexit How Capcom's survival horror perfectly reflects the hateful state of... Data Privacy Day - 5 things you can do to keep your data from being hacked These simple steps can help ensure that your private data is kept... Apple joins Google, Facebook and Microsoft in AI research group 'This is a pivotal moment for the Partnership on AI,' the non-profit... Video game news round-up: Resident Evil 7, Overwatch Chinese New Year event and Marvel's Avengers Your weekly round-up of the biggest gaming stories of the past seven... Android Wear 2.0 Google watch photo leak shows round dial wearables with LG seal The watches are being dubbed as LG Watch Style and LG Watch Sport. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Today is Sunday January 29, 2017 KTBB Menu News Local State National World Business Political Health Show Biz Sports Weather Forecast Radar Weather Archives Sports Headlines Broadcast Schedule Scholastic All Stars Rangers Bus Trips Sitemap You Tell Me Texas Podcasts In Focus Contact Us Audio/Video    •    Listen Live Podcasts In Focus RSS Feeds Get the App! Audio Archives Special Coverage Rush Update Schedules    •    KTBB 92.1 The Team FM Deportes Sports Features    •    You Tell Me Texas Decision 2016 In Focus World Tour Find an Advertiser Scholastic All Stars Calendar of Events Trivia Quiz Lunch Break Contest Teacher of the Month Station Info    •    Logos Employment Privacy Policy Personalities Awards Sun Hours FAQ Media Kit    •    Contact Us    •    Contact Us Government Contacts Advertiser Directory    •    Site Map Advertisement Advertisement Kilgore Officer Recognized for Tenacity Posted/updated on: January 16, 2017 at 5:30 pm Print Friendly KILGORE — A Kilgore police officer is recognized by her city for not giving up on a former Marine. In September of 2015, someone discovered a box containing cremated human remains, with the name Donald Krell, in a Walmart grocery cart. Over the next year, Angela Burch, who has been on the force for 21 years, learned Krell was a veteran who was supposed to be buried in a nearby county. They didn’t want him interned there. She tracked down his daughter in England, who gave her his death certificate. Burch then arranged to have him laid to rest in the Kilgore Memorial Cemetery, in a donated plot, on Veterans Day last year. As to why she was so tenacious, Burch says it was “because he’s a human being, and he was a veteran, and he deserved all our respect to give him a…final resting place.” Krell served in Korea. He was in his late 70s, and he died in Palestine. Go Back Kilgore Officer Recognized for Tenacity Posted/updated on: January 16, 2017 at 5:30 pm Print Friendly KILGORE — A Kilgore police officer is recognized by her city for not giving up on a former Marine. In September of 2015, someone discovered a box containing cremated human remains, with the name Donald Krell, in a Walmart grocery cart. Over the next year, Angela Burch, who has been on the force for 21 years, learned Krell was a veteran who was supposed to be buried in a nearby county. They didn’t want him interned there. She tracked down his daughter in England, who gave her his death certificate. Burch then arranged to have him laid to rest in the Kilgore Memorial Cemetery, in a donated plot, on Veterans Day last year. As to why she was so tenacious, Burch says it was “because he’s a human being, and he was a veteran, and he deserved all our respect to give him a…final resting place.” Krell served in Korea. He was in his late 70s, and he died in Palestine. Go Back Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement News • Weather • Media Kit • Advertisers • Contact Us • Privacy Policy • Site Map © 1999 - 2017 Copyright Gleiser Communications, LLC Home | Contact Us | Employment | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Find an Advertiser Other stations in the Gleiser Communications family include: 92.1 The Team FM | KYZS 1490AM ESPN Deportes Hosted by
Home Local Police Log State Sports Broadcast Calendar Obituaries Community Community Calendar Shows Talk of the Town The Swap Shop Dave Ramsey Show Rush Limbaugh Show The Dana Show Hugh Hewitt Show Jim Bohannon Show Coast To Coast AM More 'Shows' Contests Contest Rules Weather Listen Live Connect WBIW on Facebook WBIW on Twitter Call 812.277.1340 Text 812.641.1340 Feedback Form Advertise See news happening around you? Let us know about it! Office/Sales: 812.275.7555 / Studio: 812.277.1340 / tips@wbiw.com News Sections Local Police Log State Sports Obituaries Community Calendar Weather Shows The Swap Shop Talk of the Town Audio Listen Live Connect Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Advertise with WBIW WBIW » News » state Troopers Seize Half Pound Of Meth, Kentucky Man Jailed Updated January 14, 2017 10:08 AM | Filed under: Crime  Print    Archive    RSS (GIBSON CO.) - On Friday night, Trooper Hunter Manning received information that 47-year-old Dennis Osborne, of Grand River, KY, was a fugitive and was possibly in the Princeton area driving a white four=door pickup truck with Kentucky plates. Manning confirmed Osborne was wanted on a warrant out of McCracken County, KY. Manning drove to Princeton and searched the area for nearly 90 minutes before spotting a white four door pickup truck with Kentucky plates on State Road 64 near Walmart in Princeton. The driver of the pickup truck pulled into the Marathon gas station located at 3010 West Broadway Street to fuel up. Manning confirmed the driver was Osborne and he was arrested without incident. An odor of marijuana was detected inside Osborne's vehicle. When officers searched the vehicle they found several containers and plastic bags containing approximately ½ pound of crystal meth, a plastic bag containing marijuana, 20 Oxycodone pills, 28 Hydrocodone pills, 8 Alprazolam pills, three glass smoking devices, a marijuana grinder, digital scales and other drug paraphernalia. Osborne is currently being held without bond in the Gibson County Jail. Osborne is facing felony charges of dealing meth, possession of meth, possession of a Schedule II controlled substance and misdemeanor charges of possession of a Schedule IV controlled substance, possession of drug p and on a warrant out of McCracken County, KY. Arresting at the scene Trooper Hunter Manning, Assisting Officer: Trooper Brock Buchanan and Princeton Police Department Tweet « Previous Article Next Article »  Print    Archive    RSS Have a question or comment about a news story? Send it to comments@wbiw.com Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW 1340 AM WBIW, Bedford's Place To Talk. Serving Lawrence and surrounding counties since 1948! © 2017 Ad-Venture Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   WBIW.com and Listen Live Powered by HPC Advertise  |  Careers  |  About  |  Feedback Proud affiliate of the Colts
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Nintendo Switch sold out at GameStop; good luck finding it elsewhere Polygon Owen S. Good 1/16/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks © Provided by Polygon If you're looking to pre-order a Nintendo Switch, you should look somewhere other than GameStop. The retailer sent word on Sunday that it has blown through its allotment of the new console. In fact, if you're in the United States, looking elsewhere may be of no use. The Switch is unavailable for reserve, pre-order or otherwise at GameStop and the other major console gaming retailers here. Amazon, Target, Toys R Us, Walmart and Best Buy all list the console, which launches March 3, as unavailable, three days after pre-orders opened. Some still have accessories and games available for preorder. GameStop did not specify the size of its allotment or how many preorders it has sold; a statement from the company said it is "working closely with Nintendo to get additional Nintendo Switch units." GameStop advised would-be buyers to sign up for email notification when the unit is back in stock. Meanwhile, over at eBay, the gray market has been active since the Switch's launch date and price were revealed Thursday evening. There are numerous listings for the console at $200 or more above its $299.99 MSRP and the lowest price on a confirmed pre-order reservation was $405.99, as of publication time. In an interview with GameSpot after the Switch's debut event last week, Reggie Fils-Aime, the Nintendo of America president, said he didn't anticipate the Switch running into the kind of supply-and-demand problem that faced the NES Classic Edition. Fils-Aime restated Nintendo's commitment to putting out 2 million units, worldwide, for the March launch. When the Wii U launched in November 2012, Fils-Aime said the console sold 400,000 units in the United States. Another 250,000 Wii U buyers were left on GameStop's pre-order wait list after the retailer exhausted its launch allotment, too. The Wii sold 600,000 during its 2006 launch week. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Polygon Resident Evil’s film franchise will reach $1 billion milestone Polygon Dead Rising 4 update adds Street Fighter costumes and new difficulty mode Polygon Watch a Pokémon producer name as many Pokémon as he can in 20 seconds Polygon Video game releases for February 2017 Polygon Polygon View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
News Sports Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Council meeting: What to watch Sunday Jan 15, 2017 at 8:35 PM Jan 15, 2017 at 8:35 PM Staff Reports BARSTOW — The City Council will hold its first meeting in the new year at 7 p.m. Tuesday at its chambers in 220 East Mountain View Street. Tuesday’s council meeting begins with three presentations following a closed session meeting and the annual Harvey House Foundation meeting. The presentations include the introduction of new Planning Commissioner Elbert Muncy III, who fills the vacancy left by Bob Clemmer. Here are some key items expected to be discussed in Tuesday’s meeting: - A staff report on road work in the area of the Super Walmart construction project will be presented, with consulting City Engineer Brad Merrell expected to provide an update. - The city’s independent auditors completed the annual audit of the city’s financial statements for the fiscal year ended in June 2016, and a comprehensive annual financial report will be submitted. A financial report for the Barstow Fire Protection District is also expected to be discussed. - A report of development impact fees will be presented. This review is made available to interested parties and the public at least 15 days prior to the time the report is presented at a City Council Meeting. - The council is expected to approve the final acceptance of the East Barstow drainage channel project, which was recently completed. Contracted as a result of an extreme rainstorm that caused major damage to the channel, the project was completed under budget by $75,018.50. - An updated memorandum of understanding with the Barstow Police Officers’ Association will be presented. Shift schedule changes, cost of living increases, and a handful of other changes are included. Public comments are allowed following a report on the closed session meeting. A full list of agenda items and more information on Tuesday’s meeting is available at www.barstowca.org. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Report a problem Online Services RSS Feeds Newsletters/Alerts Archives Article archive Advertising Info Advertise with us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. DesertDispatch.com ~ Coolwater Lane, Barstow, CA, 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Photo Galleries Nation & World Shareable Databases Obituaries Sports Auto Racing Opinion Business Customer Service Self Service: E-paper Self-Service: Home delivery Subscribe E-Paper Help Request a Temporary Stop RSS Feeds More Photos Videos Calendar Place an Ad Route 66 Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Retail Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Long Beach State Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Events Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Long Beach Guide Love Clicks Dating Religion Travel Worship Directory Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Directory Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/presstelegram Home â News â Business â Retail Fashion: Worn in the USA, but made overseas A woman shops for fabric in the Los Angeles garment district on Friday afternoon. The United States is one of the world’s largest apparel markets but 93 percent of the garments sold here are made elsewhere.Trump has vowed to slap China - America’s top garment supplier - with steep tariffs that could interrupt consumers dependence on cheap, fast fashion. Los Angeles January 13, 2016. File photo by Brittany Murray/Staff photographer By Rachel Uranga, Long Beach Press Telegram Posted: 01/15/17, 4:43 PM PST | Updated: 1 week, 6 days ago # Comments Chinese workers hem clothing on sewing machines at a garment factory in Jinjiang in southeast China’s Fujian province. AP Photo, file The United States is one of the world’s largest apparel markets, but 97 percent of the garments sold here are made elsewhere. So it will come as no surprise if fashion is the first industry to be affected when President-elect Donald Trump launches his trade strategy after taking office on Friday. The $380 billion industry is booming. But, as once-bustling sewing factories have disappeared in the U.S., American consumers have grown increasingly addicted to cheap, plentiful fashions assembled in such places as China, Mexico and Bangladesh. Trump has vowed to slap China, America’s top garment supplier, with steep tariffs. Just last week, he promised to impose a “major border tax” that would punish all those companies that move jobs overseas and are “getting away with murder.” Also, congressional Republicans have embraced a proposal known as the border-adjustment tax, which aims to favor domestic production. Tough talk on trade has made import-dependent retailers jittery and raised questions about how much policy makers can truly turn back America’s manufacturing clock. Overseas, workers make as little as $500 a month to turn out pencil skirts and joggers that hang on racks in stores across the country. “Removing the current incentive in the tax system to locate elsewhere will help,” said Alan Auerbach, an economist at UC Berkley and a champion of the destination-based tax. “It will lead to more investment and higher wages.” But, he warned, it may not work in all industries. “The cost differentiation is just too big” in some fields, he said, like mass-market clothing, where the labor and supply costs hit rock bottom outside the United States. Coming apart at the seams Southern California is home to the largest apparel-manufacturing center in the nation. On any given workday, 46,000 workers cut, sew and dye clothes in urban clothing factories, many in Los Angeles’ bustling fashion district. But the local garment manufacturing base is half the size it was just a decade ago, and it’s getting smaller. “We don’t know what’s going to come out of the Trump presidency, but I don’t think we are ever going to see a resurgence of the garment industry just given how broad scale the global map is,” said Marissa Nuncio, director of Garment Worker Center, a downtown Los Angeles workers rights group. Advertisement In 2015, importers stocking the shelves of stores such as Forever 21, Macy’s and Wal-Mart shipped in more that $85 billion worth of apparel, according to the American Apparel & Footwear Association. Though the process started long ago, the erosion of domestic clothing-assembling jobs was something of a perfect storm: • The North American Free Trade Agreement helped unlock the floodgates when it opened up markets in 1994. • About the same time, computer-directed automation began to take hold for manufacturers. • Add to that China’s entrance into the World Trade Organization in 2001. From 1991 to 2015, imports of clothing multiplied by five as production of California-stitched clothing declined. The local economic news wasn’t all bad. At the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach, that amounted to more shipping containers, more work for dock crews, more brokers of goods and more port truck drivers pushing the sweaters, skirts and trousers on to Inland Empire warehouses and retailers around the West. In 2015, local cargo handlers unloaded 512,000 20-foot containers filled with clothes. The demand for affordable, swiftly assembled fashion kept the orders coming but also set manufacturers looking for ways to continue to lower their production costs. “Unfortunately, it’s a sweatshop industry,” Nuncio said. “There’s competition around the globe for the lowest wages.” Clothing assemblers in Los Angeles — many of them recent immigrants, including undocumented workers — are often underpaid, earning minimum wage and sometimes even less. Last year, the U.S. Labor Department cited Ross, T.J. Maxx and Forever 21 for illegal wage theft. And an analysis of randomly selected garment factories found 85 percent of the shops weren’t paying even minimum wage. Even so, foreign manufacturers have those numbers beat. For example, in Bangladesh, one of the top five exporters of clothes, unskilled factory workers make less than $100 a month. Can business go home again? In the clothing business, being Made in America is tougher than ever, said Ilse Metchek, president of the California Fashion Association. “The politicians are kidding themselves if they think that a border tax is going to bring (garment) jobs back,” she said. It’s not just foreign competition, Metchek said, as manufacturers opt for high-tech methods that keep costs down and lead to fewer workers on the floor. “Everyone is looking at robotics and technology.” For most industries, a tariff-propelled strategy will not “create more jobs for humans, it will create more jobs for robots,” said Richard Baldwin, an adviser to former President George H.W. Bush on trade and author of “The Great Convergence: Information Technology and the New Globalization.” “Remember that the U.S. worker has been competing with robots at home and China abroad,” he said. “Blocking China will not make U.S. low-education workers competitive with robots.” But proponents of the destination-based tax likely won’t accept such arguments. They’ve seen flickers of hope amid Trump’s daily tweets touting high-profile manufacturers who’ve decided to keep jobs in the U.S. Auerbach and economist Douglas Holtz-Eakin argue that a border-adjustment tax, part of a larger corporate-tax restructuring “blueprint” set forth by House Republicans, isn’t a “trade policy” aimed to punish importers. Rather, they say, it’s a strategy for leveling the tax playing field between domestic and overseas competitors. That, in turn, should stimulate investment in American companies, they say. Corporations are currently taxed upwards of 35 percent on worldwide revenues. The border tax would lower the rate and create a taxation on U.S. operations and consumption. Simply stated, when a product is imported, it would be taxed, and when exported, it would be exempt. Retailers fear this will raise their labor and production costs and have been knocking on the doors of lawmakers, trying to shape any proposal introduced in the newly conservative Congress. With Trump at the helm, it’s clear the new regime will be eager to send the message that it will be friendly to business development. “This could be devastating for the apparel and footwear industry,” said Stephen Lamar, executive vice president of the American Apparel & Footwear Association. “This increased tax burden would translate into higher shoe and clothing prices for American consumers and fewer jobs for American workers.” While some cry “trade war,” economists such as Auerbach believe that the border tax could strengthen the dollar and offset tax costs by reducing the price of imports. But critics brand such moves as protectionism that could be challenged by other countries at the World Trade Organization, the body that adjudicates international commerce disputes. “Even though this is not technically a tariff, it could still be considered a violation of the WTO,” said Brian Peck, director of the Transnational Law and Business Center. Retailers believe any strategy that includes a border adjustment tax would raise the cost of goods. Proponents say a robust economy will ease such concerns. So, inevitably, the final arbiter may be the consumer, who’ll cast their votes on Amazon,com, at downtown boutiques and at mall-anchor department stores. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Reach the author at ruranga@scng.com or follow Rachel on Twitter: @racheluranga. Full bio and more articles by Rachel Uranga Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Long Beach Press Telegram Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © Long Beach Press Telegram Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Federal judge bars US from deporting travelers with valid visas covered by Trump order Boston area academics facing bans on entering US ‘I told him I do have a valid visa, but he told me that it doesn’t matter.’ Immigration lawyers race to federal courthouse Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In That ugly sweater you returned? It might not go where you think E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Jonathan Wiggs/Globe Staff Lynette Carrier (left) and Debbie Williams shopped at Marden’s Surplus & Salvage Store in Scarborough, Maine. By Megan Woolhouse Globe Staff  January 15, 2017 That unwanted holiday gift you finally sent back last week? It might not end up where you imagined. Rejected sweaters, unwelcome blenders, or ill-fitting pajamas you thought you sent back to Sears or Amazon don’t always return to that store’s shelf, real or virtual. Increasingly, these products are sold at online auctions, an option that some companies have found to be an easier and more lucrative way to unload goods. Advertisement Think of it as an eBay for retailers. While companies have always unloaded surplus items, many are now working with online auction sites, which help resell the products — sometimes sight unseen, for pennies on the dollar — to salvage dealers, liquidators, or oversees merchants. How does it work? Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here One company, B-Stock Solutions, last week featured on its website an auction for a full truck’s worth of goods from Boston-based Wayfair.com. “Truckload of rugs, upholstery, entertainment, kitchen & dining, office [decor] & more.” The suggested price was $36,888, but the final bid clocked in at just $3,225. “There’s actually a ton of demand for returns and products that didn’t sell,” said Dale Rogers, an Arizona State University professor who studies the so-called secondary retail market. Online auction houses, he said, have become adept at tapping into that demand. “It’s bigger than it ever was.” Jonathan Wiggs/Globe Staff Harold Andrew Marden runs Marden’s Surplus & Salvage, a chain of liquidation stores in Maine. Returns have long been a headache for retailers, who must figure out what to do with that lone corduroy jacket as they prepare to introduce spring merchandise, for example. But with more online shopping, there are more returns for them to reckon with. Retailers reported about $260 billion in returned merchandise in 2015, a 52 percent increase from $171 billion in returns in 2007, according to a survey for the National Retail Federation. Advertisement Jessica Dankert, a senior director at the Retail Industry Leaders Association, said the rate of returns for e-retailers is “in the 30 percent range,” as much as triple the rate of returns at brick-and-mortar stores. That’s due in part to the fact that online retailers know a lenient returns policy is a big customer draw. “Online shopping has really had a dramatic effect on the volume of returns,” Dankert said. So “new companies are bringing the benefit of technology to that age-old problem.” Enter the digital auctioneer, companies like Silicon Valley-based B-Stock Solutions. Founded by former eBay executive, Hingham High School graduate, and Harvard Business School alumnus Howard Rosenberg in 2008, the company conducts online auctions for Walmart, Amazon, and Target, in addition to Wayfair and other well-known brands, reselling their cast-offs to the highest business bidder. Rosenberg said the company has grown 200 percent annually, with a roster of Fortune 1000 clients. “Think about people ordering six pairs of shoes, keeping one, and returning the rest,” Rosenberg said. Companies “are leaving huge amounts of money on the table by dealing with those returns the way retailers did 50 years ago. There are new, more-efficient ways.” Jonathan Wiggs/Globe Staff Steve Quellette tagged calenders at Marden’s Surplus & Salvage in Scarborough, Maine — an outlet that also had plenty of chairs and sneakers. Marden’s also does online auctions. It works like this: Target wants to sell off a pile of returns or overstock, so it hires B-Stock to conduct an online auction, which entails creating a site specifically for the retailer. Only buyers vetted by the retailer are allowed to bid. B-Stock never touches the goods, and approved bidders can make a bid only with a password and by agreeing to the terms of sale. For instance, a retailer can require a buyer to resell the merchandise only in the Midwest, if the brand is worried about introducing the goods too close to its full-price market. Or the retailer can stipulate that the products be resold only outside the United States or online. The returned holiday sweater may end up in Australia in June, or in a New York or Boston boutique the next season. “Some companies don’t want the secondary market to hurt primary A-stock sales,” said Eric Moriarty, vice president at B-Stock’s Boston office. “This model creates competition. And the client is extracting the highest willingness to pay.” On average, B-Stock auctions a combined 1,200 pallets and truckloads on a typical day. But exactly who buys them and where the goods end up is not something companies are eager to publicize. Wayfair said it auctions some of its returns — at times by the truckload — using B-Stock because it’s an easy way to handle the ones in less-than-perfect condition that cannot be resold on the Wayfair site. “We’re done with it once a load is awarded,” said Greg Konicki, vice president of distribution at Wayfair. “There’s not much margin left in it. At that point, it’s their problem.” A bargain-hunter might want to know who that buyer is, but Wayfair’s not saying. “I’m not sure we would want to disclose that,” Wayfair spokeswoman Jane Carpenter said. Target, another B-Stock customer, also declined to elaborate on its bidders or reselling practices. Wayfair turned to the auctioneer B-Stock Solutions. But that returned holiday sweater could end up with Ham Marden, the second-generation owner of Marden’s Surplus & Salvage, a chain of liquidation stores in Maine. Marden’s has long bought inventory directly from major retailers and insurance companies off-loading goods after a fire or a burst pipe in a backroom. More recently, it has turned to online auctions. Ham Marden’s contracts with those companies don’t allow him to identify them publicly. But he said his bidding opponents have also multiplied and now include a cadre of online buyers whose identities are blocked from view. He said they often seem to specialize in shoes or electronics or particular goods that they probably resell online. For Marden, the digital bidding wars aren’t just efficient, they’re fun. And he and his buyers purchase a lot — enough to fill several large warehouse stores around the state — and do more than $100 million in business annually. But the popularity of online auctions is changing the business. “The desirable goods got very expensive,” Marden said. “It’s so competitive now.” Megan Woolhouse can be reached at megan.woolhouse@globe.com. Follow her on Twitter @megwoolhouse. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Learn more Subscribe Subscribe Boston Globe Insiders EPaper Edition My Account Log in Manage my Account Download Customer Service App Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Federal judge bars US from deporting travelers with valid visas covered by Trump order Boston area academics facing bans on entering US ‘I told him I do have a valid visa, but he told me that it doesn’t matter.’ Immigration lawyers race to federal courthouse Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Pros and Cons of the 529 College Savings Plan Listener Lindsay and her husband are doing well in their retirement savings and investments -- is there really a need for a separate college savings fund for their infant? Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Jan 15, 2017 at 1:41PM In this video from the Motley Fool Answers podcast, Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp welcome Sean Gates to the show as they answer listener questions. This latest question will be of interest to any parents or future parents who think their kids might one day head to college. The team hashes out the pros and cons of funneling cash into a tax-advantaged college savings plan for your child, rather than paying for tuition straight out of the old brokerage account or your cash reserves. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Dec. 13, 2016. Alison Southwick: The next question comes to us from Lindsey in Arlington, Virginia. Someone else just down the road. "Thanks for all the personal finance advice via your podcast. I just had a baby, so of course I'm already thinking about saving for college. However, I'm still confused about the benefits of a 529 plan. My husband and I have approximately $200,000 in non-retirement investments as we started following The Motley Fool when we were in our early 20s." Oh! "We're in our mid-30s now. Should we start a 529 plan, or just keep investing and pull his future college fund out of our investments? We are well on track with our retirement savings and have a ten-month cash emergency fund." Sean Gates: Boom! Southwick: Yeah! Robert Brokamp: Very impressive. Southwick: We are most impressed! Brokamp: We are most impressed! Gates: I don't even have a 10-month cash reserve. Brokamp: So 529 plans are so named after its section in the IRS tax code, 529. They're sponsored by states, often operated by financial services companies. And the benefit is that you put the money in, and it grows tax-free as long as the money is eventually used for qualified higher education expenses like tuition, room and board, and a few other expenses that you can use. It has to be a qualified university. It can't be -- I don't know -- some crazy place in the Bahamas. Something like that. And one of the other benefits is, since you live in Virginia and I participate in Virginia's 529 plan as well, is the money that you put in can be deducted from the state income tax return as long as you participate in Virginia's plan. But you don't have to participate in your own state's plan. You can look for a better plan if your state's plan isn't very good. The best source of information about that is Savingforcollege.com. It rates all the plans so you can see whether your state offers a break and whether it's worth staying in your state. So I would say 529s are a good idea. I have it for my kids, but they're not the only things out there. What's your take on 529s? Gates: I think 529s are a great option. One of the other things that people, I think, get stuck on is what happens if their kid is a bum and they don't go to school and they can't use that money. Well, one of the nice things about a 529 is you can continually roll it to additional family members. So if you have multiple kids, and the first one's a bum, [that's a] bummer... Southwick: Many successful people didn't go to college. Gates: That's true. Brokamp: That's right, or a self-starter, or an entrepreneur. Southwick: Or an entrepreneur. Brokamp: Right. Gates: And that's a very fair point. Southwick: Doesn't even need the money. Brokamp: Right. Southwick: Mom, thanks for the 529, but I already bought my Tesla, and my little start-up is doing fine, thank you. Gates: The point of the story is most kids are bums. Southwick: Oh, ho, ho. Gates: So if the first kid is a tech genius and doesn't go to college, you can give it to the second child and they can use it. So eventually, it's pretty easy to use it up if you have multiple kids. You can also transfer it from yourself, actually. I know a couple of folks who have started a 529 for themselves early, before they even ever had kids, and then transferred it to their child to get a jump-start on savings for college. Brokamp: Yes. Gates: So there's a lot of flexibility in there. Brokamp: One of the drawbacks for some people to a 529 is that you can only invest in mutual funds. And for people who really want to save for college and invest in individual stocks and are looking for a tax-advantaged account, there is the Coverdell Education Savings Account. It has a low contribution amount. You can only contribute $2,000 a year, but that's still nice. There are income limits, so if you have an adjusted gross income of $110,000 if you're single and $220,000 if you're married, you're supposedly not allowed to contribute to it, but all you do, then, is just give the money to the kid and they contribute to the account themselves. And in that not only can you buy just about anything you can normally buy at a brokerage account, the money can also be used for qualified education expenses for a private elementary or secondary school. So it has a little bit more flexibility. It does have to be used up by the time the kid is 30, however. Gates: And just a couple of additional gotchas. I think Bro's website is definitely one of the better resources to follow, but reciprocity is one thing that exists for a lot of these accounts, especially 529s, so if you're in Virginia, and you participate in the D.C. plan, you might still be able to claim that state tax deduction. So there's a couple of different areas where you don't have to use your state's 529 if you find a better alternative, as Bro mentioned. And the final thing is you just want to make sure that how you classify your assets (parents versus grandparents versus the child's) is all sort of aligned when you go to file for FAFSA, so utilizing the various buckets that you have had saved makes a material impact on their ability to get education loans assuming that you haven't fully funded it via the 529. Brokamp: Right. Southwick: So you're looking way down the road. Gates: Yeah. Brokamp: Yeah. And FAFSA is the form you fill out to determine how much aid you're eligible for and definitely, the worst situation is for the kid to own the asset. And there are some great calculators out there called EFC calculators (basically expected family contributions) that will give you a rough estimate of how much aid you might be eligible for anyhow. Alison Southwick has no position in any stocks mentioned. Robert Brokamp, CFP owns shares of Tesla Motors. Sean Gates has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Jan 15, 2017 at 1:41PM Investment Planning Read More Vanguard vs. TD Ameritrade: Opening an IRA to Save for Retirement Are You Making These 5 IRA Mistakes? Capital One vs. TD Ameritrade: Best IRA Accounts 3 Facts About Baby Boomers' Finances The 5 Best States to Retire In 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Pros and Cons of the 529 College Savings Plan @themotleyfool #stocks
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is $500 Enough to Start Investing in Stocks? Kurt has a 401(k), but following the Fool has him thinking about investing in individual stocks. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Jan 15, 2017 at 2:38PM In this video from the Motley Fool Answers podcast, Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp welcome Sean Gates to the show as they answer listener questions. To wrap up the episode, the team discusses the minimum amount of money that you might need to start investing. While no amount is too small, the key is to avoid letting transaction fees eat up too much of your money and to pick stocks that fit in your price range.  A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Dec. 13, 2016. Alison Southwick: And we have our final question. Robert Brokamp: Da da! Southwick: We're finished. We're at the home stretch. This comes from Kurt. "I currently don't own any stocks directly -- only those in my 401(k), which is managed by the firm my company uses to administer our plan. One of your recent podcasts got me interested in buying some stock on my own, but I don't have a lot of spare money laying around to get started. However, I will be receiving $500 at the end of the year for participating in my company's wellness program." Brokamp: Good for you! Sean Gates: Yeah. Southwick: I know! "Originally I thought I would buy a new home theatre receiver but decided maybe I would open a brokerage account and buy some stock, instead. So is $500 enough money to get started in buying stocks or should I just get the receiver and rock the house with Star Wars on the subwoofer? Any advice you can provide would be greatly appreciated." As you all know, I am a big Star Wars fan, so I am very torn by this. Brokamp: Yes, as someone who named his firstborn Lucas, I am also torn about this when you threw the Star Wars part in there ... Southwick: Yeah. Uh! Brokamp: But to answer your question, yes, $500 is enough. We talked on a previous episode about this old Fool rule of thumb that you have to keep transaction costs to 2% of your investment, and then when we looked into it, we couldn't really find where the heck we came up with that. Southwick: We just pulled the number out of thin air. Brokamp: It's this old Fool lore, but it's still a good guideline. I mean, the one thing about investing a smaller amount of money is you don't want to buy 25 stocks and then have the commissions eat up everything. So there are brokerages out there that will charge you seven bucks, or five bucks. Some are even free. That's the only concern I would have, otherwise go ahead and start investing. Gates: This question warms my heart, because it touches on getting people started. So just for a reference, there are stocks that exist that are worth more than what you are trying to invest. Priceline, for example, is an over $1,000 stock, so with your $500, you could not buy one share of Priceline. But that doesn't mean that you should not invest that $500. You can buy an index fund, or you can buy any other company that's worth less than $500. Southwick: What's Disney going for today? Gates: It's like $90. Brokamp: The Star Wars Enterprise, of course. Gates: Yeah, it's like $92 or something like that. So you could buy multiple shares of Disney. Yes, I think you should invest that money and get started. One tip -- consider something like Robinhood, which is free trades ... Southwick: Right ... Gates: ... so that you don't get eaten up by transaction costs, as Bro said. And just get started. Invest in Disney. Like you were saying, they own Star Wars now, so go nuts. Southwick: We own Disney. Should I disclaimer that? We own Disney. Brokamp: Sure, go ahead. Southwick: You guys don't own Disney? Gates: I do. Yes, disclaimer, thank you. I do own Disney. Brokamp: I don't. Southwick: You don't? Brokamp: No. Southwick: I guess you don't really love Star Wars as much as you were sounding like you did. Brokamp: But you know, it's funny. In our last episode or two episodes ago, we talked about giving stocks for Christmas... Southwick: Yes... Gates: Love it... Brokamp: ... and giving the stock and the product that it makes. I've been thinking -- and I'm going to propose this to my wife tonight, actually -- of doing it the opposite way. Looking at what we bought for the kids and then seeing which of those have stocks that we think are decent and then throw the shares on top of it. Southwick: Aw! That's nice. Brokamp: Yes. So given that I know that I'm getting Star Wars -related stuff for Christmas, maybe I'll get some Disney, too. Who knows? Southwick: It always fits, man. It's always the right size. It looks good on you. Alison Southwick owns shares of Walt Disney. Robert Brokamp, CFP has no position in any stocks mentioned. Sean Gates owns shares of Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Priceline Group and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Jan 15, 2017 at 2:38PM Investment Planning Read More Vanguard vs. TD Ameritrade: Opening an IRA to Save for Retirement Are You Making These 5 IRA Mistakes? Capital One vs. TD Ameritrade: Best IRA Accounts 3 Facts About Baby Boomers' Finances The 5 Best States to Retire In 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Is $500 Enough to Start Investing in Stocks? @themotleyfool #stocks
Press Esc to close Sunday 29 January 2017 News updated at 2:37 PM IST Archives Weather Max: 27.5°C Min : 20°C In Bengaluru Sunny day  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper   Kitchen    Modi asks the youth to spread stories of soldiers' valour      EC orders FIR against Arvind Kejriwal for bribe remarks      'CIA assessed Rajiv assassination 5 yrs before he was killed'      Rs 5K cr withdrawn from Jan Dhan a/cs in a mnth post note ban      Alternative voting rights for domestic migrants not possible now: EC      Rahul Gandhi and I are like two wheels of bicycle: Akhilesh Yadav      U-19 cricket team trainer Rajesh Sawant found dead in hotel      FM may hike service tax to 16-18% in Budget      5 soldiers trapped under snow rescued      Karnataka to amend Act to facilitate Kambala as protests grow      Muslims barred from flights to US, as others detained      Terrorism in J-K due to mishandling by Nehru? MoS PMO      'Swades' woman stopped, quizzed about immigration status in US      Another BSF jawan posts video, claims liquor for force sold to outsiders (video)      Fight against 'corrupt' Badal and 'biggest liar' Kejriwal: Amarinder      Karnataka gets Lokayukta after a year, Shetty sworn in      2 BJP workers attempt immolation over ticket distribution      Trump, Putin set for phone call; GOP concerns on sanctions      Syrian girl Bana Alabed meets Lindsay Lohan      Trump's immigration order prompts Google to recall travelling staff      PM Modi dares Oppn to fight Goa polls on development plank      L&T net jumps 39%, but cuts revenue,order-book guidance to 10%      Cong says it will contest all 10 seats in Amethi, Rae Bareli      Abandoned mortar shell found in park; NSG diffuses it      Former Karnataka CM S M Krishna quits active politics      Note ban an 'unguided missile':Sen, Shourie slams govt      Highlights of BJP manifesto for UP polls      Animal Board will not go against TN Jallikattu law: Nirmala      BJP manifesto in UP promises sops to all sections, Ram mandir on agenda      Bhansali cancels 'Padmavati' shooting, says assault 'uncalled for'      Rahul calls Sukhbir Badal 'symbol of corruption', attacks Modi      Taxi driver held for molesting Australian student      Protests against ban on Kambala intensify in Dakshina Kannada      In 7th Heaven: Serena's 'Sister Act' in 23rd Grand Slam title      President launches pulse polio immunization programme      South African woman arrested, over 1 kg cocaine seized      Trump, Mexican Prez talk over phone to end rift over wall      Jolt to BJP as Adityanath's HYV fields candidates in 6 seats      Nadal vs Federer: Dream final becomes reality in Australia      Missing Pak human rights activist returns home      EC gives green signal to next episode of PM's radio programme      5 army personnel rescued alive from under snow in J&K      Bhansali assaulted, 'Padmavati' shooting stalled by protestors      Google banned 1.7 bn 'misleading' ads in 2016      Facebook introduces security keys to boost account security     Next Story BJP slams Nitish for capsize Read more >> You are here: Home » National » 1% people own more wealth than rest of world: report 1% people own more wealth than rest of world: report Shemin Joy, New Delhi, Jan 16,2017, DHNS: Around 1% people own more wealth than the rest of world’s population, a report on inequality said on Monday. It noted that the world’s 10 biggest corporations, including Walmart, Shell and Apple, have a “combined revenue greater than that of the 180 ‘poorest’ countries combined”. The list of countries includes Ireland, Indonesia, Israel, Colombia, Greece, South Africa, Iraq and Vietnam. Emphasising that the global inequality crisis “continues unabated”, the report prepared by Oxfam pointed the finger at the “very design” of the economies for taking people to this “extreme, unsustainable and unjust point”. The report titled ‘An Economy for the 99%’, puts the blame on large corporations, the super-rich and crony capitalism for the inequality crisis. It said global wealth has reached a “staggering” $225 trillion. “Since 2015, more than half of this wealth has been in the hands of the richest 1% of people. This year’s data finds that the richest eight individuals collectively have a net wealth of $426 billion, which is the same as the net wealth of the bottom half of humanity,” the report said. “The 10 most profitable corporations in the US made a collective $226 billion in profit in 2015, or $30 for every person on the planet,” it said. The report said that while the big corporations were working for the interests of those at the top, they are always looking at ways to dodge tax and other ways to increase profit for their shareholders. Highlighting how the growing wage gap is increasing income inequality, the report said many chief executives, who are often paid in shares, have seen their incomes skyrocket, even as wages for ordinary workers and producers have “barely increased”, and in some cases have even “got worse”. To buttress this point, it said the CEO of India’s top information firm “earns 416 times the salary of a typical employee”. “In developed economies, greater wage inequality has been the single-most important driver of income inequality, while among countries where inequality has fallen, the trend was frequently driven by strong growth in real wages at the bottom,” it said. The report said women remain worse off as they are at the bottom half of the income distribution.   Tweet Go to Top Videos 100 percent confident of winning Punjab polls: Captain Amarinder Run for better lifestyle: Tendulkar Watch: Much awaited Jallikattu finally begins! Watch: Heavy police force deployed to counter Jat agitation Caste comes in way of food? Watch how upper caste kids refuse meals served by Dalit Vinay Katiyar's controversial statement on Priyanka Gandhi Man dies trying to catch a glimpse of SRK in Vadodara Police storm pro-bull taming rally in India Hirakhand Express derailment: NIA team reaches Kuneru, inspect accident site Videos Watch: Much awaited Jallikattu finally begins! Activists protest Trump's immigration policy at JFK... Run for better lifestyle: Tendulkar Caste comes in way of food? Watch... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.'Swades' woman stopped, quizzed about immigration status in US 2.Cong is a 'thing of the past', people should not trust it:Modi 3.Trump set to impose ban on immigration from Muslim countries 4.Trump calls Modi, gets India invite 5.Raids on Cong leader, minister yield Rs 162 cr 1.Edifices of togetherness 2.Mobile museum of rocks, minerals 3.A date with history 4.Oxford college for priests calls for gender-neutral God 5.Sustaining renewable in the long run 1. 'Swades' woman stopped, quizzed about immigration status in US 2. Former Karnataka CM S M Krishna quits active politics 3. All praises for Deepika 4. Trump signs orders to keep Islamic radicals out of US 5. Demonetisation may usher in the era of cashless healthcare Photo Gallery United States' Serena Williams holds up a finger and her trophy after defeating her sister ,Venus... Members of the Chinese community perform a lion dance as they take part in celebrations... A child lights candles during a special prayer ceremony for the soldiers who martyred in Snow... England team players pose for a group photo at VCA Stadium in Nagpur on Saturday... Indian players during the practice session ahead of the T20 match played against England... Army action being perform by cadets during the Prime Minister's NCC Rally 2017... Finland's Henri Kontinen, right, and Australia's John Peers hold their trophy... Prime Minister Narendra Modi being garlanded during his election rally... A man carrying vegetables in his boat at Dal Lake during light snowfall in Srinagar... Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah and Karnataka Governor Vajubhai Rudabhai Vala presents... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives New Edition: Where are they now? The 20 worst days in Houston's history Astrodome tapped as historical state landmark Houston-area day care inspections: Children left unattended Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Local man thwarts rape, saves trafficking victim Former Houston trustee ordered to pay up to $2.1M in bribery case Texas home raided for operating makeshift casino Canine corps arrives in Houston to sniff out Super Bowl crime US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Year of the rooster off to a strong, celebratory start Remembering the tragic fire that claimed the crew of NASA's Trump uses photo from Obama inauguration as his new Twitter Texas Democrats stay away as Trump is sworn in Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Rob Gray, Damyean Dotson lead UH over Temple Rice flexes muscle in win over Charlotte No. 5 Baylor rallies to top Mississippi, 78-75 Georgia survives last-second scare, edges Texas Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory This cat was weighed down by five pounds of matted fur; now he's Small-business resources Business calendar National small business competition seeks contestants A&E Preview Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Comics & Games Events & Things To Do NEW: Puzzles Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Blue October, Wild Moccasins, Tontons kick off Super Bowl LIVE The Best Long Movies That Are Worth Your Time Chef Richard Knight leaving Hunky Dory Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Gross Donald Trump tweet about Kate Middleton resurfaces New China-inspired park in Houston features Forbidden Garden's How will Houstonians be affected by a 20-percent tax on Mexican Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/news/houston-texas/article/Katy-man-dies-in-crash-while-transporting-rescue-10859100.php Katy man dies in crash while transporting rescue dogs to Colorado Four pups still missing By Keri Blakinger, Houston Chronicle Updated 3:38 pm, Sunday, January 15, 2017 Image 1of/43 Caption Close Image 1 of 43 Charles Roberts died in a wreck in Colorado early Friday morning.  Charles Roberts died in a wreck in Colorado early Friday morning.  Image 2 of 43 Four dogs are still missing after a crash in Colorado.  Four dogs are still missing after a crash in Colorado.  Image 3 of 43 Just before heading out Thursday, rescue workers posed for a pre-trip picture.  >>>Click through the gallery to see what happens when the SPCA seizes animals from a home or business less Just before heading out Thursday, rescue workers posed for a pre-trip picture.  >>>Click through the gallery to see what happens when the SPCA seizes animals from a home or business ... more Image 4 of 43 The Liberty County Sheriff's Office reports that some of the dogs kept at this Dayton property had not been seen by a human in three weeks.  The Liberty County Sheriff's Office reports that some of the dogs kept at this Dayton property had not been seen by a human in three weeks.  Photo: Liberty County Sheriff's Office Image 5 of 43 The SPCA has removed 150 dogs, six cats and one horse from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said since the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The SPCA has removed 150 dogs, six cats and one horse from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said since the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 6 of 43 The SPCA has removed 150 dogs, six cats and one horse from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said since the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The SPCA has removed 150 dogs, six cats and one horse from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said since the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 7 of 43 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us on Jan. 4, 2017. 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us on Jan. 4, 2017. Image 8 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 9 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 10 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 11 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 12 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 13 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 14 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 15 of 43 The SPCA has removed 150 dogs, six cats and one horse from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said since the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The SPCA has removed 150 dogs, six cats and one horse from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said since the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 16 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 17 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 18 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 19 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 20 of 43 The SPCA has removed 150 dogs, six cats and one horse from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said since the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The SPCA has removed 150 dogs, six cats and one horse from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said since the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 21 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 22 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 23 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 24 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 25 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 26 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 27 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 28 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 29 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 30 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 31 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 32 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 33 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 34 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 35 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 36 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 37 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 38 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 39 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 40 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 41 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 42 of 43 The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, the Liberty County Sheriff's Office issued a civil seizure warrant the morning of Jan. 4, 2017. less The 150 dogs, six cats and one horse were removed from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us, a 20-acre, self-described animal rescue in Dayton. The SPCA said the facility had failed to comply with state animal welfare requirements, ... more Photo: Houston SPCA Image 43 of 43 Katy man dies in crash while transporting rescue dogs to Colorado 1 / 43 Back to Gallery In his last photo, Charles Roberts is grinning gleefully, surrounded by friends and fellow rescue workers about to set off on a grueling 15-hour journey. Roberts and his son Jared made the long trip every weekend for more than a year, delivering dogs and cats set for euthanasia in Houston north to safety in Colorado. But in the wee hours of Friday morning, Roberts' transport van slid into a guardrail along Interstate 25 near Colorado City, then careened off into a rock embankment, according to Colorado State Police. SEIZURE: SPCA takes 150 animals from Puppy-Dogs-R-Us The 59-year-old Katy man died on the Colorado highway in Pueblo county - just two hours from their final destination. His 29-year-old son was also in the van but survived. All of the 23 dogs in transport survived, but four escaped and have wandering through the cold Colorado winter for two days. Now, crews are searching for the skittish pups, and friends and family are mourning the beloved Texas animal rescue driver. WILD TEXAS: Which counties have the most exotic animals registered? "I am going through moments where I am angry and I am sad and I sort of felt like that part of me has just been taken," said Roberts' daughter Rhiannon Cavanaugh, 37. "My dad, I don't think he knew how much people loved him and loved being around him. He was always so full of energy, he would do anything for anybody." A retired Walmart automotive center manager, Roberts had four adult children and two grandchildren. He and his wife had lived in the Katy area since 1993. His lifelong love of animals moved him to start working with the Houston-based Rescued Pets Movement more than a year ago. "He was a wonderful man, cared a lot about the animals," said RPM co-founder Laura Carlock. PROBLEM SOLVING: Australian town builds trash can fence to deal with giant crocodile The organization, founded three years ago, specializes in transporting cats and dogs from BARC Houston to points north, typically Colorado cities like Fort Collins, Colorado Springs and Denver. Every weekend, dedicated drivers like Roberts and his son truck 150 to 200 animals to rescues so they can be re-homed. "He was a faithful member of our rescue group," fellow animal-lover Mona Cabler told the Chronicle. The four dogs that fled after the wreck - Willow (also responds to Kelley), Coco, Powder and Sandy - have been spotted since their escape, but the nearly 100 trackers and rescue workers haven't been able to get close enough yet. "As far as we know, they're still alive," Carlock said. SOUNDING OUT: Bats use sounds to find each other, but not talk over one another It's unclear what caused Roberts' van to spin out of control, but state police said there was no indication that drugs or alcohol were involved. The investigation is still ongoing. The beloved animal rescue driver's unexpected death has sparked an outpouring of grief online and in the local animal rescue community. "To say we are grief stricken is an understatement," RPM posted on Facebook. A slew of Roberts' friends and fellow volunteer workers responded with messages of support. "We are devastated and our hearts have been shattered. We are all family, and to lose one of our own is so very painful, especially when our mission is to save lives," wrote Ashley Glaw, who later described Roberts "a gift" to Houston's homeless animals. "He was so loved," she said. "We miss him already." NOT A DONKEY: Horse goes viral pretending to be donkey to avoid slaughterhouse A GoFundMe started to support the mourning family received a flurry of donations totaling more than $26,000 by mid-day Sunday. Cavanaugh, who currently lives in Maryland, said her family is planning a memorial service in the Houston area, even as they're struggling to deal with the shock. "It's hard to imagine that I can't call him. Today is the Cowboys game and every Cowboys' game we watched together," she said through tears. "I don't think I can watch the game today without him." Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Former President of MD Anderson dies at 92 Iraqi refugee detained en route to Houston released 15 years after student's death, a killer is still free Texas may approve new way of disposing of bodies The Lead Trump order barring refugees, migrants causes chaos, outrage Photos: Year of the rooster off to a strong, celebratory start 2011 Trump Hotels tweet gets new life after Muslim ban Gross Donald Trump tweet about Kate Middleton resurfaces Super Bowl weirdness: Frogs predict winner of the big game Mary Tyler Moore to be buried near other celebrities Prankster takes spineless politician to a whole new level A 13-year-old killing gets a new look by the courts These new movies are coming to Netflix Google recalls staff to US after Trump immigration order Former Baylor student alleges 52 rapes See what Houston looked like in 1987 MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS 7-year-old child killed in rollover car accident in Pasadena Southeast Texas mosque catches fire, cause being investigated Clean report: These restaurants had no health violations Downtown area readies for Super Bowl These crazy cars are worth a look Local high schools with the most Super Bowl players 10 ways to celebrate Super Bowl LI for $35 or less Latest News Video The Lead Trump order barring refugees, migrants causes chaos, outrage Photos: Year of the rooster off to a strong, celebratory start 2011 Trump Hotels tweet gets new life after Muslim ban Gross Donald Trump tweet about Kate Middleton resurfaces Super Bowl weirdness: Frogs predict winner of the big game Mary Tyler Moore to be buried near other celebrities Prankster takes spineless politician to a whole new level A 13-year-old killing gets a new look by the courts These new movies are coming to Netflix Google recalls staff to US after Trump immigration order Former Baylor student alleges 52 rapes View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Top Leaderboard, Site wide January 29, 2017 Disclaimer: Please read. x Statements and opinions expressed in articles are those of the authors, not Truthdig. Truthdig takes no responsibility for such statements or opinions. HOME Ear to the Ground All Ear to the ground Larry's List Columnists Bill Blum Bill Boyarsky Juan Cole Amy Goodman Chris Hedges John Kiriakou Sonali Kolhatkar Robert Scheer More Truthdiggers Global Voices Truthdiggers of the Week Nominate a Truthdigger Cartoons Nick Anderson Clay Bennett Jeff Danziger Mark Fiore Mr. Fish Mike Luckovich Signe Wilkinson Holiday Animation All Cartoons Arts & Culture Author Interview Book Excerpts Book Reviews Essays Film Reviews Poetry Digs The Death of Truth The Last Letter All Digs Multimedia A/V Booth Truthdig Radio Photo Essays Podcasts Q&A: Live Chats Shop Bazaar Truthdig Merchandise Donate Trending: donald trump inauguration intelligence mark fiore visa ban women's march Most Read Donald Trump’s Demolition Derby Federal Judge Blocks Part of Trump's Immigration Ban Mikhail Gorbachev: It Appears 'the World Is Preparing for War' Truthdigger of the Week: Charlie Liteky, Decorated U.S. Army Chaplain Turned Peace Activist Protesters Descend on Kennedy International, Demanding Release of Detained Travelers Most Comments Most Shared REPORTS Donald Trump’s Demolition Derby By Bill Moyers / Moyers & Company Truthdigger of the Week: Charlie Liteky, Decorated U.S. Army Chaplain Turned Peace Activist By Emma Niles Trump Visa Denials Target Same Countries Bush Vowed to Overthrow By Juan Cole / Informed Comment Ear to the Ground Federal Judge Blocks Part of Trump’s Immigration Ban Protesters Descend on Kennedy International, Demanding Release of Detained Travelers Trump Strategist Stephen Bannon: Media Should ‘Keep Its Mouth Shut’ What Are the Possible Motives Behind Donald Trump’s Voter Fraud Lie? A/V Booth At the ‘March for Life,’ a Deeper Look Into the Anti-Abortion Movement A Conversation With Willie Nelson, Part II: Living in the Promiseland Animation Alternative Reality (Video) Arts & Culture ‘Hooligan Sparrow’ Takes an Unflinching Look at China’s Crackdown on Human Rights Activists By Jordan Riefe The Nixon Effect, The Money Cult, Ratf**ked By Allen Barra ‘The Salesman’: An Iranian Domestic Drama With a Dash of Arthur Miller By Jordan Riefe Born to Run By Allen Barra Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention By Manning Marable $16.50 American Dreamers: How the Left Changed a Nation Michael Kazin $12.22 Organic Cotton T-Shirt $24   Overtime Issue Will Be Early Test of Trump’s Pledge to Help Workers Posted on Jan 15, 2017 By Justin Elliott / ProPublica   Lena Vasiljeva / CC BY-NC 2.0 Donald Trump ran for president as the billionaire who would champion working people. As the president-elect put it in one of the major economic speeches of his campaign: “Too many of our leaders have forgotten that it’s their duty to protect the jobs, wages and well-being of American workers before any other consideration.” One of the first tests of Trump’s pledge to help workers will come in how his administration handles the complicated rules that govern who has the right to time-and-a-half overtime pay. Business groups and Republican state attorneys general sued to stop an Obama administration rule that would expand who gets overtime pay. A federal court temporarily blocked the rule in November. Now the Trump administration will decide whether to continue defending the rule in court. At stake is the possibility of overtime pay for about 4 million workers around the country. To get a sense of how big a deal that is: The still-sketchy deal to save factory jobs at a Carrier plant in Indiana — the subject of numerous Trump tweets and extensive media coverage — affected 1,000 or fewer workers. Here’s how overtime works now Most employees in the country have the legal right to time-and-a-half overtime pay if they work more than 40 hours in a week. But there’s a major exception to that: white-collar workers. So who qualifies as a white-collar worker? The government has a test for that. To be considered a white-collar worker who does not qualify for overtime pay: You have to be paid a salary and not by the hour. You have to make more than $455 per week — the equivalent of $23,660 per year. And you have to work in certain types of jobs, including executive, administrative or professional positions. That has nothing to do with your title, but rather is defined by the nature of your job. For example, executive employees have to, among other things, supervise other workers. Here are more details on how it all works. Labor advocates say some employers have been playing games with who is considered a white-collar worker. There have been a series of lawsuits and settlements outlining how, for example, the dollar store industry classifies employees as managers to avoid paying overtime. Some workers classified as managers spent much of their time doing the same manual labor as their subordinates. Halliburton in 2015 agreed to pay $18 million in back wages for overtime to about 1,000 employees who worked as pipe recovery specialists and drilling advisers, among other jobs. The company acknowledged it had improperly classified those workers as exempt from the overtime rules. Walmart paid a $4.8 million settlement in 2012 for not paying security guards and other employees overtime they were due. The Obama administration argues that the current overtime salary threshold, which was last raised in 2004 and has been eroded by inflation, is outdated. According to the Department of Labor, in 1975, 62 percent of full-time salaried workers were eligible for overtime based on their pay. That compares to just 7 percent today. The Obama rule would make another 4 million people eligible for overtime The most important change made by the Obama administration was raising the salary threshold below which you generally have the right to overtime pay, regardless of your job duties. The new level — which is currently on hold because of the pending lawsuit — is $913 per week, or $47,476 per year. That’s double the old standard of $23,660 per year. The Department of Labor has calculated that the new rule could benefit 4.2 million workers around the country. The affected workers would either start getting overtime for any time worked over 40 hours a week, or their salaries would have to be increased above the new threshold. Business groups opposing the rule, most prominently the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, argued that “the salary threshold is going to result in significant new labor costs and cause many disruptions in how work gets done” including by reducing “workplace flexibility, remote electronic access to work, and opportunities for career advancement.” Some employers, acting on the expectation that the rule would go into effect, have already raised salaries. The biggest name on the list is Walmart, which bumped starting pay for some managers from $45,000 to $48,500 in order to exempt them from overtime pay. Politico reported that other employers that had promised pay increases, including several universities, have now cancelled the raises in light of the uncertainty around whether the rule will actually go in effect. (Have you heard anything from your employer about overtime changes? Tell us about it.) Trump’s pick for labor secretary has attacked the idea of expanding overtime, and the president-elect himself seems skeptical When Trump was asked about the rule in August, he spoke of “a delay or a carve-out of sorts for our small business owners.” It’s not clear from his comments that Trump actually knew the details of the pending Obama changes. The Trump transition team didn’t response to a request for comment. The Department of Justice also declined to comment about what could happen in the lawsuit after Jan. 20. Andrew Puzder, Trump’s pick to be secretary of labor and the CEO of a fast-food company, has spoken out strongly against the overtime rule. In a 2014 Wall Street Journal op-ed, Puzder warned against “rewarding time spent rather than time well spent.” “What they lose in overtime pay they gain in the stature and sense of accomplishment that comes from being a salaried manager,” Puzder said of workers trying to climb the management ladder. The fate of the rule depends on how things play out in a lawsuit that will drag on past the inauguration In September, business groups including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce along with 21 states sued to block the new overtime rule. In late November, a federal judge in Texas temporarily blocked the rule from going into effect, which was supposed to happen Dec. 1. The judge also signaled he is likely to eventually side with the business groups, though it’s not clear when that ruling will come. As of right now, the case is proceeding on two fronts, in both the district court and appeals court. The only thing that’s known for sure is the litigation will continue past Jan. 20. At that point, the Trump administration could decide to stop defending the rule or not to appeal any judgment against it. Fearing that outcome, the AFL-CIO is trying to intervene in the case, hoping to continue defending the new rule if the Trump administration drops it. The district court hasn’t yet ruled on that motion. ProPublica is a Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative newsroom. Advertisement Square, Site wide TAGS: afl-cio donald trump overtime overtime pay politics propublica trump cabinet trump labor secretary trump presidency workers workers rights Related Entries Federal Judge Blocks Part of Trump’s Immigration Ban Donald Trump’s Demolition Derby Protesters Descend on Kennedy International, Demanding Release of Detained Travelers Trump Visa Denials Target Same Countries Bush Vowed to Overthrow Email to a friend Get truth delivered to your inbox every day. New and Improved Comments If you have trouble leaving a comment, review this help page. Still having problems? Let us know. If you find yourself moderated, take a moment to review our comment policy. Join the conversation Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   Right 1, Site wide - BlogAds Premium   Right 2, Site wide - Blogads Right Skyscraper, Site Wide Right Internal Skyscraper, Site wide         New on Truthdig At the ‘March for Life,’ a Deeper Look Into the Anti-Abortion Movement Posted on Jan 28, 2017 Federal Judge Blocks Part of Trump’s Immigration Ban Posted on Jan 28, 2017 Donald Trump’s Demolition Derby Posted on Jan 28, 2017 Truthdigger of the Week: Charlie Liteky, Decorated U.S. Army Chaplain Turned Peace Activist Posted on Jan 28, 2017 HOME Ear to the Ground All Ear to the ground Larry's List Columnists Bill Blum Bill Boyarsky Juan Cole Amy Goodman Chris Hedges John Kiriakou Sonali Kolhatkar Robert Scheer More Truthdiggers Global Voices Truthdiggers of the Week Nominate a Truthdigger Cartoons Nick Anderson Clay Bennett Jeff Danziger Mark Fiore Mr. Fish Mike Luckovich Signe Wilkinson Holiday Animation All Cartoons Arts & Culture Author Interview Book Excerpts Book Reviews Essays Film Reviews Poetry Digs The Death of Truth The Last Letter All Digs Multimedia A/V Booth Truthdig Radio Photo Essays Podcasts Q&A: Live Chats Shop Bazaar Truthdig Merchandise Donate A Progressive Journal of News and Opinion Publisher Zuade Kaufman | Editor Robert Scheer About Us | Contact Us | Advertise or Partner with Truthdig | User Agreement | Privacy Policy | Comment Policy © 2017 Truthdig, LLC. All rights reserved. Website development by Hop Studios Like Truthdig on Facebook  
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video SFO protesters demand immigration detainees be released Bay Area fear over immigrant ban turns to hope as judge lifts Syrian refugees shocked, saddened by Trump’s ban Cal’s Webb named MVP of Senior Bowl News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA The Latest: UK Prime Minister 'does not agree' with order 'La La Land' takes top honors at Producers Guild Awards US judge bars deportations under Trump travel ban The Latest: Official says ruling will not affect travel ban Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors St. Mary’s beats Santa Clara; Zags looming Patrick McCaw getting more minutes with Warriors Stephen Curry dazzles as Warriors rout Clippers Freshman Ledecky and her Stanford mates bury USC on Senior Day Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Hacker impersonates Sunrun CEO, nabs employee W-2 tax forms Kentucky bourbon trail buzzing with more than 1 million visits Google’s Pixel phone shines despite misgauging demand Business News Roundup, Jan. 26 A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘I Am Michael’: fascinating minefield about gay conversion The latest from Dear Abby Controversy unleashed over making of syrupy ‘Dog’s Purpose’ Matthew McConaughey goes grotesque in ‘Gold’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Q&A: Chef Philip Tessier reflects on Team USA’s Bocuse Halal Guys draws long lines at new O’Farrell Street My verdict on the Taco Bell Naked Chicken Chalupa: It’s a China Live set to open Feb. 24 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis San Francisco has the lowest percentage of kids of any major U.S. Retirees might want to move to 1 of these states rather than stay Bay Area hikes that are even better after the rain Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Travel Troubleshooter: United’s check in holding pattern Rick Steves: The ancient Tuscan towers of San Gimignano Suite Spot: Madrona Manor in Healdsburg Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: ‘Thoughtful and extensive’ remodel restores Contemporary grandeur radiates throughout Bernal Heights remodel Former San Francisco 49ers GM Trent Baalke sells San Jose mansion Mirrors, mirrors on all the walls in this 28th-floor, Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/crime/article/Tempe-police-search-for-man-who-fired-2-shots-10858891.php Tempe police search for man who fired 2 shots inside a store Published 8:09 am, Sunday, January 15, 2017 TEMPE, Ariz. (AP) — Police are searching for a man who allegedly pulled out a gun during a fight with a woman and fired two shots into the ceiling of a Walmart store in Tempe. Police say nobody was injured in the incident early Sunday. They say a man and woman were involved in an argument when the man shot several shots into the air. No one inside the store was hit. The man ran out the back of the store while the woman is being questioned by police. Police say there weren't many people in the store, but it was evacuated for a brief time. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. BACKLASH OVER TRUMP'S IMMIGRATION ORDER Judge bars deportations under Trump travel banJudge bars deportations under Trump travel ban Source says foreign-born US residents can return Iran bans US citizens in response to Trump’s order on refugees Muslim ban would prevent nominee from attending Oscars Countries where Trump does biz not hit by restrictions Netflix CEO denounces Trump’s refugee ban Apple CEO on immigration order: 'Not a policy we support' Google recalls staff to US after Trump immigration order LATEST NEWS Trump sets 5-year and lifetime lobbying ban for officials San Jose cat killer may be registered as sex offender 2 accused of Ponzi scheme over ‘Hamilton’ tickets Fire destroys Texas mosque Gov. Brown to be treated for prostate cancer 40 rabbits, raised as ‘meat or pets’, rescued in SF Police seek help in locating missing man last seen in SF $300 signs remind San Franciscans to lock cars SFO protesters demand immigration detainees be released Bay Area fear over immigrant ban turns to hope as judge lifts... Report: Up to 13 detained at Sea-Tac PM Trudeau says Canada welcomes refugees Stephen Curry dazzles as Warriors rout Clippers Curry, Warriors No. 2 in NBA’s merchandise sales in China 19 'alternative facts' about San Francisco Conway, Spicer raked on Twitter over 'alternative facts' Trump’s unexpected delay on Dreamers baffles foes, supporters Mexican designers envision a Trump border wall TODAY'S TOP PICKS SF has the lowest percentage of kids of any major US city The Fire Rooster: Chinese New Year is here Cow Palace goes to the dogs for annual canine competition SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored $50 OFF: This FitBit Flex fitness tracker is essential for... $89 OFF: Meet the travel bag that will charge your phone up to... Most Popular 1 SFO protesters demand immigration detainees be released 2 US judge bars deportations under Trump travel ban 3 Dear Abby: I flirted with ex; now everyone wants to jump me 4 Google Recalls Staff to U.S. After Trump Immigration Order (3) 5 Bay Area fear over immigrant ban turns to hope as judge lifts... 6 Trump order barring refugees, migrants from Muslim countries... 7 Melania Trump is eating jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover,... 8 Stephen Curry dazzles as Warriors rout Clippers 9 Trump sets 5-year and lifetime lobbying ban for officials 10 Countries where Trump does business are not hit by new travel... LATEST NEWS Trump sets 5-year and lifetime lobbying ban for officials San Jose cat killer may be registered as sex offender 2 accused of Ponzi scheme over ‘Hamilton’ tickets Fire destroys Texas mosque Gov. Brown to be treated for prostate cancer 40 rabbits, raised as ‘meat or pets’, rescued in SF Police seek help in locating missing man last seen in SF $300 signs remind San Franciscans to lock cars THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Home Weather 43° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Valley Arizona Politics Watchdog Call 12 For Action Money Sunday Square Off More Local Close Tempe Walmart evacuated after man fires shots at woman inside store 12 News , KPNX 8:57 PM. MST January 15, 2017 Anthony Gutierrez, 23 (Photo: Tempe Police Department) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST TEMPE, Ariz., -- A Tempe Walmart was evacuated Sunday morning after shots were fired inside the store near Rural Road and Southern Avenue. Tempe police said a man fired a gun during a fight with a woman. The store was evacuated. No one was hurt. Police are searching for the suspect, identified as 23-year-old Anthony Gutierrez, at this time.  He is considered armed and dangerous. If you see him, do not approach him and contact the Tempe Police Department.  Earlier Sunday morning, there was a homicide at a home about one mile away from this Walmart. However, police say, a this time, the two incidents appear not to be related.  (© 2017 KPNX) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Beware new "can you hear me" trick Immigrant community react to Trump's immigration executive orders Teen shot to death being called a hero Arizona Geological Survey drone video shows massive fissure in the desert Tired of political , Google Chrome has the answer Family remembering mom, son killed in fire Actor kills himself on Facebook Live Re-purposing old wood Rescued puppy gets adopted Caregiver in assault video arrested More Stories Court grants emergency stay of Trump's immigration ban Jan 28, 2017, 7:33 p.m. Married in middle school: Florida girl a 'bride' at 13 Jan 28, 2017, 1:55 p.m. Man accused of attacking family members with hatchet… Jan 28, 2017, 4:08 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Health Detail Weather Alerts Closings & Delays Location Search Conditions More... Radars Skycams Talking Weather Weather Kid Monsoon Daily Forecast E-mails More Weather Local Valley Arizona Politics National Politics Watchdog Call 12 For Action More... Money Sunday Square Off More Local Charlie Foxtrot Marijuana Side Effects Spanish Year In Review Nation Now Traffic Gas Buddy Sports High School Sports Friday Night Fever NFL & Cardinals Olympics NBA & Suns MLB & Diamondbacks More... College & ASU NHL & Coyotes More Sports NCAA Basketball Tournament Super Bowl Features Community Contests Arizona Midday Wednesday's Child Blogs 12 Who Care More... Health Check 12 AZ Healthy Skin Recipes The Pull List Magnify Money More Features Dollars & Sense Oscars Arizona Revealed Entertainment All-Star Kids Arizona Highways TV TD Jakes Your Voice Great Arizona Stories Instagram Turkey Tuesday Ways to Save Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Grammys About Meet The Team Join Our Team Contact 12 News TV Listings Advertise with Us NBC Shows More... Connect With Us Closed Captioning Procedures Terms Privacy RSS Justice Network FAQ Call For Action Ad Choices Community Rules FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Newsletters More About Whats On NBC Survey Text Alerts © 2017 KPNX-TV Services Advertise With Us 12News Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC cars.com Career Builder Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants emergency stay temporarily HALTING deportation of visa holders detained at US airports after nationwide protests Uber CEO pledges to compensate 'thousands of its drivers' affected by Trump's immigration ban after critics accuse the company of 'colluding with Trump' Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow among several stars to celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to match up to $100,000 in donations to the ACLU What does the emergency stay of execution mean for detained travelers and what happens next? Female intruder snuck into GOP retreat using fake credentials saying she was a congressman's wife on the day of Trump's speech in embarrassing security breach Snack smugglers beware! Posh New York theater shames movie fans bringing in their own food and warns culprits they will be forced to eat in isolation  New York plans to install vast system of facial recognition cameras that matches drivers licenses to social media accounts at bridges and tunnels  FedEx delivery driver lauded as a hero after stopping protesters from lighting American flag on fire Distraught woman facing deportation to Chile attempts suicide at JFK Airport 24 hours before Trump's immigration ban Decapitated bodies of three police officers are found in southern Mexico in suspected cartel-related torture and slaying  Florida grandmother is arrested after she 'stabbed her daughter and murdered her son' while her two blood-stained grandchildren watched in horror 10 people injured in mass shooting during party at National Guard Armory building in Tennessee California Governor Jerry Brown to get further prostate cancer treatment starting in February but will maintain his full work schedule 'Let them eat cake': Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5,000 gown with Jared ahead of swanky dinner amid deportation row  Iran will retaliate against Trump's immigration ban by 'limiting visas to American tourists' - as Canadian PM Trudeau says they will take in anyone refused by the U.S.  Chaos at JFK: Protesters descend on airport after 12 travelers are held overnight in confusion at Trump immigration ban - with only two released 'We are equals': Trump and Putin vow to maintain 'regular personal contact' in their first call, discuss international terror and peace in the Middle East - but avoid talking about U.S. sanctions against Russia Trump gives Pentagon 30 days to come up with ISIS strategy as he restructures National Security Council to give Steve Bannon a regular seat  Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be turned around at the border under Trump's executive order  NBA calls for Trump to clarify his immigration ban as players including Sudanese-born Luol Deng and Thon Maker face travel problems British Olympic gold medal winner Mo Farah faces being BANNED from returning to his family in America under Trump's immigration crackdown on people from his Somali homeland 'We wouldn't exist without immigration': Apple CEO Tim Cook slams Trump's executive order as Mark Zuckerberg and Google lead the outcry from Silicon Valley 'Trump is right!' Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu hails the president's border plans because the wall separating them from Egypt is a 'great success' Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic jihadist immigrants Previous Next Chick-Fil-A honors fallen Orlando cop who was a regular customer by setting up a 'Missing Man Table' with empty containers of his favorite food - a 12 nugget meal and a fruit cup  Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis died after being hit by a car while on his patrol motorcycle on Monday Lewis was hit during a manhunt for Markeith Loyd who is a felon suspected of killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend and another police officer Lewis, an 11-year veteran, frequently visited the Chick-Fil-A University Avenue Staff at the location created a 'Missing Man Table' to honor Lewis The staff at the Chick-Fil-A location said his 'smiling face will be truly missed' By Regina F. Graham For Dailymail.com Published: 09:28 EST, 15 January 2017 | Updated: 15:38 EST, 15 January 2017 e-mail 432 shares 107 View comments A Chick-Fil-A is honoring a fallen officer who was killed Monday during a manhunt for a felon suspected of killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend and another police officer. Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was killed in a motorcycle accident while assisting in the manhunt for 41-year-old Markeith Loyd after he allegedly shot and killed Orlando Police Department Master Sgt. Debra Thomas Clayton who confronted him outside of a Walmart store on Monday. Lewis, an 11-year veteran of the force, frequently visited the University Avenue location of the fast food chain.  Orange County Sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis (left)  was killed in a crash on Monday in Orlando while pursing wanted suspect Markeith Loyd (right) who is still on the run To honor Lewis, staff at the Chick-Fil-A location on Universtive Ave created what is a called a 'Missing Man Table' display (above) that has Lewis' framed photo, a Bible, a single rose and a candle The staff at the Chick-Fil-A location wanted to pay tribute to Lewis, who is said to have eaten at the restaurant at least twice a week.  They created what is a called a 'Missing Man Table' display that has Lewis' framed photo, a Bible, a single rose and a candle.  In addition, the table also has empty containers for his favorite menu items, a 12-count nugget meal with a fruit cup.   'For our restaurant, it is especially heartbreaking loosing (sic) such a loyal guest, a fellow UCF Knight, and a raving fan, Deputy Norm Lewis,' the location wrote on their Facebook page.  The staff at the Chick-Fil-A location (file above) said that his 'smiling face will be truly missed!' 'We've had the pleasure of serving Norm regularly for lunch... Deputy Lewis, a gentle giant, could always be seen cutting up with our cashiers.' The staff at the Chick-Fil-A location said that his 'smiling face will be truly missed!' ''Thanks' is not enough for what brave men and women like Norm sacrifice for our safety every day,' the post concludes.  Authorities are still searching for Loyd and have increased the reward for his arrest to $100,000.  He is considered to be armed and dangerous and police are asking anyone who knows his whereabouts to please call 1-800-423-TIPS.  Police Chief John Mina stated that Loyd could face charges of first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer in relation to Lewis' death (crash scene above)   Share or comment on this article e-mail 432 shares Most watched News videos Serena Williams awkwardly neglects her fiancé after Aus Open win Many Clouds dies after beating Thistlecrack in the Cotswold Chase 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Incredible moment truck crashes through middle of bus Grandma accused of killing son-in-law celebrated during testimony Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border George and Laura Bush welcome the Obamas to the White House 2009 Harriet was rescued from a South Korean meat farm Look what the cat dragged 'OUT'! Cute cat learns to open drawers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Huge tiger roams the streets after escaping circus in Italy Comments (107) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURED: Robin Thicke seen for first time after pulling out from events honoring late father Alan amid bitter custody battle with ex Paula Patton  Back in her bikini! Kim Kardashian shows off her stunning figure as she sunbathes in tiny two piece in Costa Rica Relaxed at the pool with sister Khloe Angelina Jolie rocks black leather pants and boots with silky top as she takes twins Knox and Vivienne, 8, shopping in Malibu Actress looked stylish Daddy and me time! Blac Chyna shares sweet Snaps of Rob Kardashian kissing and cuddling their baby Dream Doting father Just like dad! King Cairo, four, shows off his new grill during Costa Rica vacation...while Tyga poses up a storm with girlfriend Kylie Jenner It's an 80's night! Candace Cameron Bure, New Kids on the Block and Martha Quinn look incredible at the iHeart80s concert in California Lindsay Lohan rebrands herself as she returns to Instagram after hiatus with posts about Syrian refugees She deleted all her posts and has started again Seriously glam! Lucy Hale flashes major skin in plunging silver dress at SAG nomination bash  The 27-year-old was not afraid to flaunt her ample assets  She's got great jeans! Jessica Biel keeps it casual in ripped denim while leaving her restaurant Au Fudge with son Silas in West Hollywood  The doctor is in! Kristen Stewart poses with Peanuts character Lucy for breast cancer benefit at Knott's Berry Farm Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5k gown with husband Jared ahead of swanky dinner amid deportation row  Paula Patton steps out with son Julian in Los Angeles... amid ongoing custody battle with Robin Thicke She recently took out a  restraining order on him Move aside boys! Martha Hunt shows off her incredible body as she takes over historic Muscle Beach for a sizzling photoshoot Stunning figure  Legs eleven...out of Ocean's Eight! Sandra Bullock, 52, stuns in thigh-skimming sheer mini-dress on set in New York City She's still got it Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic immigrants  La La Land executive producer John Legend slams Trump's 'Muslim ban'... as musical wins best film of the year at Producers Guild Of America Awards Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams showcases her svelte figure in black mini dress at SAG nominees event Flawless figure Who wears the cool crown? They're both gorgeous, glamorous and adored by royal brothers, but how does Kate measure up against Meghan? Who brought the Eggos? Cast of Netflix's Stranger Things get together in LA ahead of Sunday's SAG Awards The young cast mixed with Hollywood's adults Curves ahead! Kylie Jenner shows off her cleavage and flat stomach in eye-catching swimwear during family holiday in Costa Rica Incredible body Man of many talents! Super Bowl-bound Tom Brady wishes fans Happy Chinese New Year in Mandarin before being photobombed by daughter Vivian, 4 Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to match up to $100,000 in donations to the ACLU Sheer dazzling! Nicole Kidman stuns in an embellished gown at the Producers Guild Awards with husband Keith Urban Stunned on red carpet 'He goes full throttle the whole way': John Wick featurette reveals how Keanu Reeves trained in 'gun fu' to become a deadly assassin Kerry Washington shows off her incredible post-baby body in a semi-sheer dress as she hits the Producers Guild Awards red carpet Recently gave birth  His leading lady! John Legend plants kiss on Chrissy Teigen as couple make arrival to Producers Guild Awards Couple are not afraid to show their affection  She's got some front! Thandie Newton wows in plunging dress as she supports Westworld at the Producers Guild Of America Awards Turned heads  No Hidden Figures here! Taraji P Henson and Janelle Monae turn heads in delightful dresses at PGA Awards They both starred in the Oscar nominated hit  Yummy mummy alert! Teresa Palmer reveals her svelte post-baby body in a dramatic beaded gown as she attends the Producers Guild Awards 'Just unbearable!': Amy Duggar confirms she used to play outside as a child to avoid her parents' fights during emotional Marriage Bootcamp She's funny too! Emma Stone does her best Ryan Gosling impression as she promotes awards favorite La La Land From musical to comedy The hardest-working top in the world! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of cropped tank that shows off cleavage AND abs during Costa Rica dinner Showing Scott (and Justin) what they're missing! Kourtney Kardashian stuns in black bra top with silky slacks as she dines with her sisters She didn't get the memo! Khloe Kardashian covers up in maroon top and jeans as her sisters model bra tops in Costa Rica Kept her head down Kim Kardashian's jewels seized in the Paris heist 'have been MELTED and the only piece left is her £3.5m engagement ring, gang boss tells police' Lily Collins dazzles in backless emerald green gown with crossover bodice at Producers Guild Awards Flaunted her enviably slim frame  'I was numb to all the bulls***': Rihanna reveals past struggles while recording her Anti album on year anniversary Speaking her mind  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The orphaned Malawi twins Madonna 'wants to make her own' and how their adopted mother would be horrified Back in black!: Olivia Newton-John, 68, looks radiant walking through LAX as she arrives from her Ireland and UK tour Has been promoting her new album Erin Andrews looks healthy out and about in West Hollywood... after revealing secret surgery for cervical cancer last autumn Spotted on a stroll  Dapper Justin Timberlake dons designer black suit for Variety brunch celebrating Oscar nominees Looking smart Looking good for her lady! Stella Maxwell flashes her amazing abs for spa outing with 'girlfriend' Kristen Stewart Loved-up pair  That's got to hurt! Justin Bieber gets slammed against glass exterior during NHL All-Star Celebrity Shootout by Chris Pronger 'I gained 40 pounds': Katherine Heigl reveals her 'terror' as she packed on the pounds during her pregnancy with newborn son Joshua Australian The Bachelor's Megan Marx flaunts toned physique in TINY black bikini beachside as she enjoys her new island life with girlfriend Tiffany  Twice as nice! Bella Thorne shares two topless photos after showing off new piercing in tight pink top She has has taken off her clothes again The baby is here! Law & Order: Criminal Intent star Saffron Burrows, 44, welcomes daughter Daisy with her wife Alison Also parents to a son Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he doesn't belong in this country Quite the response Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown set to appear in her first movie Godzilla: King Of Monsters She is expanding her career with a new role It's only been six months! Kim Kardashian's ex Ray J renews wedding vows with Princess Love in Europe Only recently got hitched Walking Dead star Steven Yeun enjoys a sunlit day out with his pregnant wife Joana Pak Pair tied the knot a month ago Ruff day? Downcast Rooney Mara steps out in all black with her pup following two successful Sundance premieres Just returned from Utah Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be turned around at the border Her sexiest selfie yet! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample bosom in teeny designer string bikini on family vacay in Costa Rica Showcased her curves Charlotte McKinney puts on a leggy display in metallic bodycon dress... after revealing she was called a 's**t' growing up due to her ample chest Newlywed Luann De Lesseps looks radiant as she dances with RHONY castmates at a fundraiser after romantic honeymoon in the Bahamas  All bundled up: Lea Michele looks like she can barely breathe as she wraps scarf tightly around her neck during NYC outing with a pal Staying warm  Sofia Vergara flaunts her fabulous figure in ripped jeans and a slinky poloneck as she enjoys date night with husband Joe Manganiello Hollywood couple Supermodel Karlie Kloss to lead the runway at the David Jones Autumn/Winter show... as she models the latest collection of moody florals Natalie Portman pays tribute to her Jackie co-star Sir John Hurt after he dies at age 77 'I'm so extremely sad to hear of John's passing,' she said Harry Potter's John Hurt married four times but his friends say it was the tragic death of the lover he DIDN'T wed that drove him to drunken torment  New Fifty Shades Darker clip shows extended date night between Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey that gets steamy in elevator 'I don't sit at home and obsess': Jon Hamm says he doesn't watch old episodes of Mad Men because that's 'weird' The 45-year-old actor,  played Don Draper 'Naked' Kate is on the verge of getting a gong at long last for service to the Royal Family after impressing the Queen with her work for mental health charities  Our dazzling sapphire Queen: The poignant significance of Her Majesty's favourite gem... as she celebrates 65 years on the throne  Historic milestone  He was named 'the man most likely to marry Jackie'... And now an Oscar-nominated film reveals how British Lord Harlech missed  capturing her heart  So that's why Ryan's such a La La lovely mover! How Hollywood's heart-throb inherited his musical talent... from a bugle-blowing Victorian war hero  Hailey Baldwin looks lovely in blue leather outfit as she graces her third Harper's Bazaar cover... this time for Turkey February 2017 issue Suddenly shy! Bella Hadid hides behind a scarf and baseball cap in NYC after showing off her chest in see-through dress in Paris Sporty attire Victoria's Secret Model Kelly Gale shows off her INCREDIBLY toned abs and impressive cleavage as she continues her luxury Bali vacation  Teeny bikini! Kelly Bensimon, 48, enjoys a lemon-soaked drink as she splashes around in Miami wearing a body-baring swimsuit Fun in the sun 'I thought I'd get in trouble!': Kendall Jenner confesses she was scared of telling her parents about her boyfriends when she was a teenager Not just a pretty face! Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is learning COMPUTER CODING and is launching a Kode with Klossy scholarship for women 'We know each other better than anyone': David Beckham reveals he and Victoria have worked through 'tough times' as he gushes about their marriage  'She's at it again!': Pia Miller flaunts her incredible physique in red hot bikini at the beach after calling herself 'clumsy' and 'too daggy' Fans slams Vanity Fair for leaving out Asian and Latina actresses from Hollywood Issue (but they've come a long way from 'white-washed' 2010 cover)  EXCLUSIVE: 'I grew up with holes in my shoes!': Jennifer Lopez, 47, talks humble beginnings and how family 'grounds her' during difficult times Modest roots An incredible feet! David Beckham reveals his shoe collection rivals that of wife Victoria as he admits he owns 'thousands' of pairs of football boots 'She could win the whole show!' Will.i.am left embarrassed on British The Voice after failing to turn round for a contestant who co-wrote one of his hits Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle She wore blue lace! Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner dazzles in see-through suit at Variety brunch The outfit left little to the imagination 'This is Chambers': Actor Armie Hammer reveals name of son as he shares tender photo of the newborn with his big sister Harper Super sweet siblings Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Tickled pink! Taryn Manning giggles as she models flirty hair color at Variety brunch after revealing she has no plans to leave OITNB Pretty pink locks 'She didn't come?' The uncomfortable moment Venus Williams realises her sister Isha didn't come to her Australian Open showdown with Serena Move over, Arnold! Adriana Lima shows off toned abs at Muscle Beach in Venice for Victoria's Secret shoot Shooting an athletic wear campaign She must be hot! Kim Kardashian wears very low-cut tank top as she uses Snapchat filters while playing with North and Saint in Costa Rica Snapchat session Oscar-nominated Emmanuelle Riva of the film Amour dies in Paris at the age of 89 after long illness French star of screen and stage  Purple patch! Katie Piper shows off new LILAC hairstyle as she celebrates success of her latest book with husband Richard  Wowed with her color Robin Thicke pulled out of LA gala tribute for his late father Alan Thicke as custody battle with ex Paula Patton takes nasty turn Nowhere to be seen Date night! Model Chanel Iman shows off her toned tummy as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner at LA hotspot Victoria's Secret Angel 'It's a very brave, bold and challenging story we're attempting': Andrew Lincoln defends brutal violence in season seven of The Walking Dead But where's Jen? Aniston's husband Justin Theroux steps out in all black as he bumps into House Of Cards star Elizabeth Marvel in NYC At last... a statue that will let the boys gaze at Diana every day: William and Harry reveal plans for a new memorial to the 'people's princess' 20 years after her death  Farewell to a Hollywood legend: Sir John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer  From Hollywood bad boy to national treasure: The notorious hell-raiser who drank up to seven bottles of wine a NIGHT after watching his fiancée die Murder of Righteous Brothers singer's ex-wife SOLVED: DNA test finds killer 40 years after woman was raped and strangled with her pantyhose Staying busy! Heartbroken Celine Dion squeezes in Bee Gees show as she continues Vegas concert one year after husband's death Lost him to cancer Looking ace! Karlie Kloss works nautical chic in a plunging vest and striped skirt at tennis match in Australia Sought after supermodel Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence layers up in oversized shearling coat as she enjoys a rare evening off from filming new flick in Hungary Filming new spy thriller Barbara Hale, who played the loyal secretary opposite Raymond Burr on long-running crime TV show Perry Mason, dies at age 94 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Trouble for the Today show? Rumors swirl that Megyn Kelly is 'being groomed to take Savannah Guthrie's anchor position' as NBC revamps morning show 'Oh the horror!': Dame Joan Collins on the nightmarish scene at her home after a leak in a neighbour's flat led to a ceiling caving in  Nightmarish image  Goodbye my lover! Cate Blanchett blows a kiss to husband Andrew Upton in adorable PDA as he heads to the airport leaving her alone in New York Justin Bieber steps out solo in quirky lensless glasses and ripped jeans... as the romance between his ex Selena Gomez and The Weeknd heats up Leonardo DiCaprio goes incognito in bucket hat and dark shades as he plays the tourist while T-shirt shopping in Rwanda Discreet appearance Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Incest, cannibalism, and parties for duck hunters & prostitutes dressed as ducks... Tom Hardy's drama wanted to challenge convention It was controversial The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' 'Nobody knows when': Louis Tomlinson hints at One Direction reunion... as he moves on from split with girlfriend Danielle Campbell Exciting news for fans Serena and Venus Williams share a tender moment after little sister beat her older sibling to win the Australian Open - before declaring 'she is my inspiration'  Princess Eugenie keeps a low profile in sombre ensemble as she steps out for dinner at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London Serena's final passing shot! Awkward moment triumphant Williams appears to IGNORE fiance as she hugs Karlie Kloss after winning Australian Open Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel The 35-year-old was a showstopper Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles Sophisticated black frock Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Showed off her long legs in the black number Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA She remains a stunning style icon Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Turning heads Leighton Meester teases a hint of cleavage in plunging embellished black dress as she poses up a storm at Harper's Bazaar bash Looked chic in black A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Pregnant star Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Her outfit hugged her bulging baby bump Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party She cut a professional chic figure 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel 'Not my president!' Karrueche Tran sizzles in oversized sweater and thigh-high boots as she sends a clear anti-Trump message during night out Should Jess be worried? Ruby Rose trades in Vin Diesel for new co-star as she enjoys friendship with Pitch Perfect 3 band-mate Andy Allo 'Hottest runway ever': Victoria's Secret models Bridget Malcolm and Karlie Kloss to headline David Jones show with Jesinta Franklin and Jess Gomes Judy Garland superfan spent $15K on the crypt next to hers, but his dreams of spending eternity with starlet are dashed now that her body has been moved She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA She also rocked a motorcycle jacket with a pink furry collar Putting the dance in Sundance! Toni Collette and her 'Fun Mom Dinner' co-stars let their hair down as they party into the night following premiere 'Blow me away': Chloe Lattanzi's face is covered but she still flaunts her VERY ample cleavage as she snaps a selfie during Portland wind storm 'He is making me feel good things': Fans go wild as new Beauty & The Beast posters give a first glimpse of Girl On The Train hunk Luke Evans as Gaston  Prince Charles dismayed the public has become overly 'obsessed' with Brexit to the detriment of other world issues Expressed his concerns Rylan Clark Neal and Speidi FINALLY bury the hatchet following their Celebrity Big Brother eviction... and even declare each other 'friends' Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Paul McCartney's ex Heather Mills, 49, shows off her figure in a plunging mermaid maxi as she throws some shapes during night out in Austria Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her youthful complexion and famous cleavage in party dress at Paris bash Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  They have hired a team of gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return     DON'T MISS Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less Today's headlines Most Read Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants emergency stay temporarily HALTING deportation of... Uber CEO Travis Kalanick pledges to compensate 'thousands of its drivers' affected by the immigration ban... Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to... What does the emergency stay of execution mean for detained travelers and what happens next? Female intruder snuck into GOP retreat using fake credentials saying she was a congressman's wife on the day... Snack smugglers beware! Posh New York theater shames movie fans bringing in their own food and warns... New York plans to install vast system of facial recognition cameras that matches drivers licenses to social... FedEx delivery driver lauded as a hero after stopping protesters from lighting American flags on fire Distraught woman facing deportation to Chile attempts suicide at JFK Airport 24 hours before Trump's... Decapitated bodies of three police officers are found in southern Mexico in suspected cartel-related torture... 'Granny just killed momma': Florida grandmother is arrested after she 'stabbed daughter and murdered son'... 10 people injured in mass shooting during party at National Guard Armory building in Tennessee California Governor Jerry Brown to get further prostate cancer treatment starting in February but will... 'Let them eat cake': Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5k gown with... Iran will retaliate against Trump's immigration ban by 'limiting visas to American tourists' - as Canadian... Chaos at JFK: Protesters descend on airport after 12 travelers are held overnight in confusion at Trump... 'We are equals': Trump and Putin vow to maintain 'regular personal contact' in their first call, discuss... Trump gives Pentagon 30 days to come up with ISIS strategy as he restructures National Security Council to... Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be... NBA calls for Trump to clarify his immigration ban as players including Sudan-born Luol Deng and Thon Maker... Sir Mo Farah faces being BANNED from returning to his family in America under Donald Trump’s immigration... 'We wouldn't exist without immigration': Apple CEO Tim Cook slams Trump's executive order as Mark Zuckerberg... 'Trump is right!' Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu hails the president's border plans because the wall... Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans... Texas mosque is destroyed in blaze hours after Donald Trump signs executive order banning immigration from... Trump's efforts to 'drain the swamp' see him ban administration officials from lobbying the US on behalf of... Actor Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he... The obscure truth about THAT picture: Theresa May had to take hold of Donald Trump's hand because 'the US... Trump beats Obama's executive action first week record: President who criticized his predecessor for... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Community Local Hot Spots Problem Solvers Contests Traffic Sports This Morning Weather 28° 28° Low 24° High 30° Mon 18° 34° Tue 31° 42° Wed 28° 38° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Orlando officer Debra Clayton remembered as a difference-maker Posted 8:46 am, January 15, 2017, by CNN Wire Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Thousands gathered at the First Baptist Orlando church Saturday to pay their final respects to fallen Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, gunned down by a wanted fugitive. Clayton was posthumously promoted to lieutenant. × Orlando officer Debra Clayton remembered as a difference-maker Thousands gathered at the First Baptist Orlando church Saturday to pay their final respects to fallen Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, gunned down by a wanted fugitive. Clayton was posthumously promoted to lieutenant. On the day she was laid to rest, Orlando police officer Debra Clayton received one final honor from her department. She was promoted to lieutenant. Clayton, 42, was killed Monday as she tried to confront a murder suspect at a Walmart. The suspect is still at large. Her chief, John Mina, told thousands of people gathered Saturday for a memorial service that Clayton did not die alone. “She was surrounded by blue,” he said. With fellow officers, family and friends in attendance, she was remembered at a touching ceremony at First Baptist Church of Orlando. Clayton was well-liked by her coworkers. “She’s going to be missed but never forgotten,” an Orlando officer told CNN affiliate WKMG. “She loved helping people. … We know she made a difference, and the rest of us will continue to try to live in her legacy.” Clayton’s flag-draped casket was brought into the church and a long line of people, many of them crying, came by to pay respects before the service. As it was carried from the hearse one boy saluted the fallen officer. Dozens of family members came for the service. Her brother, Rudy Thomas (not pictured), told the audience she loved deeply and wouldn’t sugarcoat her advice. “There wasn’t no fake-fake about it,” he said. “If she had anything to say that was on her mind, she would tell you and let you know.” Clayton’s body was taken to Woodlawn Memorial Park & Funeral Home. On the route, police officers from around the country lined the road. Many will attend another funeral Sunday for an Orange County Sheriff’s deputy, Norman Lewis, who was killed in a traffic accident while searching for Clayton’s killer. Debra Clayton was recently married and was a member of the Orlando Police Department for 17 years. Clayton devoted herself to helping young members of the community, Mina said earlier this week. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Popular Police tell people to hang up immediately before falling victim to ‘Can you hear me?’ scam Police track wanted suspect to Anderson home Grieving parents question coroner’s ruling on daughter’s ‘accidental’ death Twin babies born with different skin colors in Illinois Latest News IMPD investigating fatal shooting on Market St. downtown Security breach at GOP retreat A Statewide Silver Alert has been declared Indiana’s U.S. senators react to Trump immigration ban as federal judge blocks part of the executive order National & World News Orlando police officer killed, sheriff’s deputy dies during manhunt for killer News Fugitive wanted in connection with Orlando officer’s fatal shooting captured News Police officer killed, sheriff’s deputy injured in separate hit-and-runs News Children reunited with mother after suspect steals car they were sleeping inside of News Police: Mother killed 3-year-old daughter and 7-year-old son in Montgomery County News Greenwood woman arrested, son removed from ‘deplorable’ conditions National & World News Video shows female cop beaten after she refused to shoot suspect over ‘scrutiny’ fears News Longtime Lafayette police K9 officer dies News Johnson County woman grabs gun, fights off home invasion suspect Crime News Greenwood police arrest IMPD officer for shoplifting, resisting law enforcement Crime News Girlfriend of suspect in Muncie bombing case charged with conspiracy to commit murder Crime News IMPD: Officer shot man twice after he attacked him from behind, tried to grab his gun News Madison County man accused of tying up woman with duct tape, beating her Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2017, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Business Overvalued or not, Amazon.com stock value has surged SUNDAY, JAN. 15, 2017, 5:33 A.M. LG Electronics vice president David VanderWaal and Amazon Echo Vice President Mike George speak Wednesday, Jan. 4, 2017, at CES 2017 in Las Vegas. (Jack Dempsey / AP Images for LG Electronics) The Motley Fool Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS The main reason many have passed up shares of Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN) is that they think the shares are overvalued. The stock has seemed overvalued for many years, though – during which time it has surged in value. Amazon is rapidly consolidating retail market share, and it surpassed Wal-Mart last year as the largest U.S. retailer by market capitalization. Since June 2009, the official end to the Great Recession, Amazon has grown its market capitalization more than tenfold, while most other retailers have failed to match the S&P 500’s performance. Better still, the shift toward e-commerce is only in the initial stages: Last quarter, e-commerce accounted for only 8.4 percent of all U.S. retail sales, and that’s estimated to top 14 percent by 2020. Many have grumbled that Amazon has struggled with profitability. However, the company has put together a string of profitable quarters on the back of its Amazon Web Services (AWS) division. Throughout the first nine months of fiscal 2016, AWS provided roughly 9.4 percent of Amazon’s total revenue – and 42.4 percent of its operating income. Plus, AWS is growing at a 59 percent year-over-year clip. With its market value recently topping $370 billion, Amazon is huge and growing. Risk-tolerant long-term investors may want to add some shares of the company to their shopping cart. (The Motley Fool has recommended and owns shares of Amazon.com.) Ask the fool Q: What is bitcoin? – T.F., Flint, Michigan A: Bitcoin, which debuted in 2009, is a digital or virtual currency. It exists online and permits payments between parties without a middleman, such as a bank. It’s not issued by any government, either. It’s a decentralized electronic payment system, not managed by any single entity the way Mastercard, Visa and PayPal oversee their respective payment networks. To use bitcoin, you need to buy bitcoins on one of many exchanges and store them in a digital wallet app. Many retailers like accepting bitcoin because they’re not charged a processing fee, as they are with credit cards. On the other hand, there is relatively little regulation of bitcoins, and the system is vulnerable to hacking. The value of a bitcoin is very volatile, too. A bitcoin went for about $13 in early 2013, topped $1,000 later in the year and dropped by 23 percent in a single day earlier this month, to below $900. Q: How can I know what a company’s intrinsic value is so that I can know when to sell it? – E.B., Dothan, Alabama A: A stock’s current price reflects its market value, while its intrinsic value suggests what it’s really worth. You can only estimate intrinsic value, which is based on factors such as profit margins, revenue growth and competitive advantages. Even among skilled professional stock analysts, estimates of a stock’s intrinsic value will vary. It makes sense to sell a stock when it is above what you think it’s worth – though if the company is strong and growing, hanging on can be the smarter move. To see a list of stocks our analysts believe are undervalued, try our “Motley Fool Inside Value” newsletter for free at fool.com/shop/newsletters. My dumbest investment I’m feeling the pain from my purchase of 3-D printing stock Stratasys. I bought into Stratasys partly because 3-D printing is cool. I really thought it would’ve taken off more. I guess I am more of a geek for that kind of stuff than most. I still have the holding, and I don’t know what I am going to do. Thankfully, it has been going back up lately, so I am doing the bad thing of hoping it goes back into the black or at least becomes less of a loss, so I can feel less pain when I sell it for the write-off. – F.D., online The Fool responds: As you probably know, Stratasys shares fell further, dropping some 40 percent since you wrote to us and giving you an even bigger potential tax loss. It’s not a bad company, and it may well be a great performer over the coming years – but 3-D printing is still a relatively new and developing business. It’s not yet clear how widespread its use will be, especially among consumers as opposed to industry. It’s also not clear which 3-D printing companies will end up on top. A key error you made was waiting for a rebound when you no longer had great faith in the company. It would have been better to sell and move the money into a stock you had more confidence in. Published: Jan. 15, 2017, 5:33 a.m.  Tags: investing, Motley Fool Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 34°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Sunday, January 29, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Replay of the Day Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Pingree: The devil was in my dangerous driving, officer Mike Pingree Sunday, January 15, 2017 comments A man crashed his car into seven vehicles on a highway in East Lansing, Mich., because, he said, the devil was trying to enter his body. He said that God prevented that from happening, but the struggle between The Prince of Darkness and The Lord God Almighty resulted in his driving erratically. Officials sent him for a mental health evaluation just to be sure he wasn’t suffering from some sort of delusion. THAT’S FUNNY, YOU WEREN’T DRUNK WHEN YOU CAME IN HERE ... A young woman swilled down five beers in the liquor aisle of a Florida Wal-Mart, then asked the manager for a ride home because she was drunk. GOOD, COULD YOU TELL HER WE’D LIKE TO SEE HER? ... The Beaver County Times received the obituary of a 21-year-old woman, wanted for theft, forgery and passing bad checks in both Chippewa Township and South Strabane, Pa., saying that she died “unexpectedly.” Though sad, this would have put a suspiciously convenient end to police involvement in her life. However, a quick call to her grandmother revealed that the young lady is still alive. CALL IT AN URGE TO ENGAGE IN CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR ... Two men made a phone call saying there was a bomb on the Greyhound Bus that had picked them up at a New York prison from which they had just been released. They were unable to explain to arresting officers why they did it. MAY WE BE OF ASSISTANCE, MA’AM? ... A woman who went to the Puente Ayala prison in Barcelona, Venezuela, with a suitcase because she was there for an overnight stay with her car-thief boyfriend tried to leave the next morning with him inside the suitcase. Guards became suspicious only because they saw her struggling to get it out the door. HONEY, I THINK YOU’RE OVERREACTING ... A man in Dundalk, Md., who became enraged when a family member took a bite out of his grilled cheese sandwich, fired his pistol and barricaded himself inside his home for about five hours. HEY SARGE, I THINK WE HAVE A CLUE HERE ... A man decided to rob a bank in San Diego after he had swiped his debit card at the teller’s window, making it very easy for police to track him down. He is in jail now. MAYBE WE SHOULD SEE OTHER PEOPLE ... When her boyfriend refused to pay for her to have her hair and nails done for her birthday, a Florida woman slashed him with a knife. She was charged with battery causing great bodily harm. OH SURE, MAKE YOURSELF AT HOME ... A couple returned to their home in Melbourne, Australia, at 11 a.m., and discovered that a man had broken in, taken a shower, dragged their bed into the living room and went to sleep. He ran away when they confronted him. More On: Wal-Mart Barcelona San Diego Share this Article Join the Conversation Herald Columnists Joe Fitzgerald Fitzgerald: Everett High cooks a credit to community Joe Battenfeld Battenfeld: Do's and Don'ts for Trump's first parley with Vladimir Putin Joe Battenfeld Battenfeld: Walsh takes on Donald Trump, not Tito Jackson Howie Carr Carr: Hey, Tall Deval, thanks for absolutely nothing Kimberly Atkins Atkins: U.S. taxpayers ultimately will pay price for border wall Adriana Cohen Adriana Cohen: Donald Trump keeps his promise to put American safety first Trending Now Black Sabbath keyboardist Geoff Nicholls dies at 68 Charlie Baker touts hundreds of complaints about pay boost The Latest: PM Trudeau says Canada will take refugees Martellus Bennett heads home for Super Bowl Tom Brady's dad blasts Roger Goodell for 'witch hunt' Malala Yousafzai Is ‘heartbroken’ after President Trump signs executive order keeping out refugees Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Obituaries POWERED BY OBITUARIES FUNERAL HOMES SEND FLOWERS NEWS & ADVICE MEMORIALS Search SEARCH Obituaries and Guest Books BROWSE Most Recent By Location Notable Deaths SUBMIT Submit an Obituary SEARCH Search By Location SYMPATHY GIFTS Send Flowers BROWSE Funeral Flowers Charitable Donations BROWSE News & Advice Celebrity Deaths Culture and Trends Explore History Photo Galleries Advice and Support BROWSE Memorial Sites CREATE Memorial Websites Services Colonial Funeral Home & Crematory 591 Ridgeview Drive McHenry, IL 60050 (815) 385-0063 Website View Map Send Flowers Resources More Obituaries for Wilk Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name? Vivian M. Wilk 1933 - 2017 Obituary Condolences Flowers Vivian M. Wilk Born: April 10, 1933; in Chicago, IL Died: January 12, 2017; in Sycamore, IL Vivian M. Wilk, age 83, passed away Thursday, January 12, 2017 in Sycamore, IL. She was born April 10, 1933 in Chicago, the daughter of John and Marie (Kruczynski) Kersten. On August 19, 1972, she married (the late) Robert Wilk in Norridge Il. Vivian worked for Kemper Insurance for 28 years. After she retired, she worked at Walmart as a greeter for 13 years. She was a loving wife, mother and grandmother. Her family and friends will miss her very much. She is survived by her children, Charlene Mohr of Lombard and Michael Vlasak of Norridge; three grandchildren; and her very good friend; Ann Macey. She was preceded in death by her husband, Robert Wilk; her parents, John and Marie Kersten; brothers, Raymond Kersten and Eugene Kersten; and sister, Eleanor Kersten. In lieu of flowers, memorial donations may be made in Vivian's name to the , 1801 S. Meyers Road, Suite 100, Oakbrook Terrace, IL 60181 or to the , 3816 Paysphere Circle, Chicago, IL 60674. Arrangements were made by Colonial Funeral Home & Crematory. For information call 815-385-0063 or log on at www.colonialmchenry.com Published in the Northwest Herald on Jan. 15, 2017 Read More Listen to Obituary Remember Share memories or express condolences below. View All Add Message "May your memories of the wonderful times you shared with your loved one comfort you and your family today and always." -American Heart Association View Guest Book  Add Photos  Add Videos Resources Send Funeral Flowers How To Submit An Obituary Find Advice & Support Funeral Etiquette How to Write a Sympathy Note < Back to today's Obituaries Notify Friends and Family Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary. To: *Invalid To Email 
 From: *Invalid From Email Message: 
 Optional Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners. Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details. Your email was sent successfully. Return to the obituary Send another email Share There was an error sending your email. Please try again. We apologize for the inconvenience. PRIVACY POLICYTERMSCONTACT USFAQ © 2017 Legacy.com. All rights reserved.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, January 29, 2017, 3:12 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business news in brief This article was published January 15, 2017 at 1:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Mercy clinics expand business hours This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Business news in brief Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News People in Business Business news in brief On the agenda INCORPORATIONS Business news in brief BUSINESS PEOPLE Northwest Arkansas ON THE AGENDA Business news in brief Blue Apron puts IPO plans on hold Comments on: Business news in brief To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Early fouls limit Hogs' tenacity (1 comment) Trump: 20% Mexico-goods tax funds wall (38 comments) Police review Facebook remarks about women's march linked to Arkansas trooper (10 comments) May, refugees, Mexico cap Trump's first week (17 comments) Hutchinson 'hesitant' to support smoking ban on medical marijuana (24 comments) Child-porn plea draws sentence of 15 years for Arkansas man (4 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 29° Partly cloudy High: 41° | Low: 23° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. Paul LePage President-elect Donald Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Bruins Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener 2017 Source Sustainability Awards: Call for Nominations Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Sponsored Posted January 15 Updated January 17 increase font size Seeking out, and seeking to help, the homeless It's a daily quest and a never-ending commitment for Roger Goodoak of the Maine Homeless Veterans Alliance. SPONSORED CONTENT BROUGHT TO YOU BY LEE AUTO MALLS Share Comment Read Article At Greely High School in Cumberland on Tuesday, students and Roger Goodoak of the Maine Homeless Veterans Alliance take a break from loading the MHVA van with clothing, backpacks and toiletries to be distributed to the homeless. The students collected the goods after voting to support the MHVA for their Community Service Club project. From left are Goodoak, A.J. Eisenhart, Quinn Molloy and Rachel Ferris. In front is Hannah Doolittle. Speaking from his little office on State Street in Portland, Roger Goodoak makes it clear that he doesn’t spend much time at a desk. Early on this dark January evening, he’s there only briefly to check out a new letterhead for the nonprofit organization he founded in 2012, the Maine Homeless Veterans Alliance. The design is the creation of Broadreach Public Relations, whose pro bono work includes helping the Alliance in support of its mission: “to connect homeless veterans and others with the social services available to them, especially through the Department of Veterans Affairs.” In practice, this means year-round scouring of southern Maine and beyond to find the homeless in their camps, or wherever, and provide them with bottled water, food, blankets, hats … whatever is needed, including emergency medical care, sometimes. And encouraging people to leave their tents and seek some form of shelter – Oxford Street in Portland, perhaps, and later, ideally, permanent accommo- dations. Sometimes Goodoak will transport people home, as he did one night this week, driving a young couple 75 miles back to family in Rumford. “When presented with a valid reason and even a hint of a chance to get someone off the streets long-term and maybe for good, the MHVA is there to give them that chance,” is Goodoak’s comment, on the organization’s Facebook profile. On the day of our conversation, that effort included an afternoon excursion to outer West Commercial Street in Portland, and a steep scramble up a slippery, muddy hillside to check on a campsite. Goodoak, 63, whose MHVA title is executive director, fell down and got soaked, and seemed to find it rather funny. “I’ve got to get to Wal-Mart to buy some cleats later,” he mused. A Massachusetts native who “had a good career”of 14 years in the Navy before being discharged for alcohol problems in 1986, Goodoak spent subsequent years homeless and “drinking my way across the United States.” He eventually came to Portland a decade ago. Rob Parritt, a housing counselor at the Oxford Street Shelter, “saw hope in me” and connected him with VA programs that stopped his drinking and housineffected a life change, although he has been diagnosed with schizophrenia and PTSD, is disabled, and continues to be treated for medical issues. Recognizing the need (not least thanks to his own experiences) Goodoak founded the MHVA specifically to aid veterans, but its mission “has evolved” to include any homeless people in need. “I’m out at a camp at night talking to a veteran, how can I ignore the 65-year-old woman who’s there, too? So I help veterans and the homeless. Without a doubt, I love them all. And I do not judge.” “He’s a guardian angel for anybody,” said Linda Varrell, Broadreach president and CEO. “You could ask the Milestone Foundation, for one, about the lives he’s saved, people at death’s door.” “I have watched his tireless commitment to helping people in crisis,” said Margo Walsh, a friend who founded MaineWorks, a staffing company with a social mission. “With kindness and compassion, he coaxes them toward services that are appropriate.” Goodoak’s vehicle is a 2007 Town and Country van with 187,000 miles on it, and 100 miles or more being added daily. “I’m very fortunate that it has snow tires and runs every day. I make the payment and cover the insurance, and a charity pays for maintenance and gas. There are very kind people out there.” Could he use a new van? “I’d be dancing a jig. I’d be doing the Funky Chicken.” Goodoak estimates that at least 50 members of the public at any one time are helping sustain the all- volunteer MHVA’s efforts. Among them are Mery Simonds, his right-hand person, and his high-school- age children, Kevin and Briana. He cites a long list of “kind people” whose generosity keeps the MHVA afloat. “Patriot Riders of America, Maine Chapter, the veterans motorcycle group, did a ride and gave blankets and coats. LifeChurch in Gorham gave us hundreds of blankets.” “The Brunswick Police Department did a big drive. I love those guys. Let’s talk about police departments. The Portland police. An officer shoveling a path to a young couple living in a tent. Officers stop me to tell me where somebody is and what they need. The Westbrook police are wonderful. They give homeless people rides and support … There are so many things I see that people never hear about.” Too often, those things are unfortunate. “Not everybody welcomes me with open arms,” Goodoak said. “A lot of people are afraid, for their own reasons. I ask them to try the shelter, and maybe they do, but they can’t handle it, mentally, psychologically. You can’t force someone. I tell them ‘OK, you did try,’ and give them a tent … I’ve given out two today. “For every ‘win,’ it seems, there are 20 losses, in some form,” he continued. “I was walking in the woods in Biddeford last summer and found a camp with a father, a mother and a young baby. They were petrified. I gave them what I could and told them I’d be back, with formula and more. “The next day, they were gone. But all I can do is keep on looking, never give up looking.” For more information, to volunteer, or to make a donation, please visit the Maine Homeless Veterans Alliance profile on Facebook.   These monthly profiles are brought to you by Lee Auto Malls. The Lee family is committed to supporting local organizations that work to sustain Maine communities. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Recent Read Shared Celtics top Bucks in overtime Saturday's high school roundup: Windham knocks off Edward Little Sports Digest: Kelly helps Red Claws earn split with Greensboro Saturday's Top 25 basketball: Kansas wins at Kentucky Saturday's Maine men's college roundup: UMaine wins in hockey Federal agency makes it clear: Even legal marijuana users can't buy guns Police consider charging Portland man who crashed into Downeaster train with 2 kids in car Sen. Angus King to vote against Betsy DeVos as education secretary 'We are in shock!' Friends, family mourn former Old Orchard Beach town councilor Bonny Eagle cheerleading coach accused of having sexual relationship with student An Italian lawmaker wants to make it a crime for parents to feed their kids vegan diets These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Estefans to feed homeless as their music starts Macy's parade Seaweed can help feed the world – but will we eat it? Solidarity Harvest corrals massive food drive to feed 8,000 Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us CLOVIS Suspect leads Clovis police on wild chase after allegedly shoplifting from Walmart Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc30.com/video/embed/?pid=1703066" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> He didn't stop and eventually led officers on a high-speed chase on Highway 168 before exiting on Shields Avenue and crashing in the median. (KFSN) KFSN Saturday, January 14, 2017 FRESNO, Calif. (KFSN) -- One man is in custody Saturday after allegedly stealing from a Clovis Walmart and leading police on a high-speed chase. It started around 5:30 p.m. when police say they tried pulling the man over. He didn't stop and eventually led officers on a high-speed chase on Highway 168 before exiting on Shields Avenue and crashing into the median. That when he got out of the car and ran into someone's home to hide. With the help of neighbors, police were able to find the man and take him into custody. A woman was also in the suspect's car and was taken to the hospital for treatment. It's still unclear whether she was involved in the burglary. Related Topics: newshigh-speed chaseclovisclovis police departmentClovis Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KFSN-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. CLOVIS Buchanan Wrestling bests Clovis 27-25 in The Big One Homophobia alleged as Clovis Unified shuts down high school play Man dies after crashing into power pole in Clovis Clovis Unified crews made sure schools are prepared for the coming storm Clovis woman blames city for home flooding during storm More clovis NEWS CEOs Slam Trump Travel Ban, Vow to Support Affected Employees Handful of GOP Senators, Reps Criticize Trump Travel Ban Trump's Travel Ban Sparks Airport Protests Across US Suspect shot by Fresno police after allegedly charging officer with knife US Judge Grants Stay on Deportations Under Trump Immigration Order, But Overall Ban Remains More News Top Stories US judge bars deportations under Trump travel ban Suspect shot by Fresno police after allegedly charging officer with knife Armenian ambassador to US visits Fresno State Police suspect alcohol in deadly Visalia crash Selma police investigating overnight shooting Firefighter hurt battling fire in Downtown Fresno IMMIGRATION REFORM: Is America safer? Show More Governor Brown will undergo further treatment for prostate cancer Fresno County elementary school working to solve a complex contamination issue on campus John Hurt, best known for his role in'Alien', passes away at 77 Local boy overcoming the odds as he battles rare disease Activist gathered to protest President Trump's immigration actions outside Fresno's federal courthouse More News Top Video Suspect shot by Fresno police after allegedly charging officer with knife Police suspect alcohol in deadly Visalia crash Graffiti mural art on display at Calwa Park festival Armenian ambassador to US visits Fresno State More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories Video Photos U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno
Top Local Stories State apologizes for fraud fiasco, wants to reduce penalties Business Metro Detroit weather: Scattered snow showers this weekend Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Cool start in the upper 20s Weather Metro Detroit weather: Colder evening brings snowflakes, raindrops Weather Getty Images Super Bowl quiz: Should you root for the Patriots or the Falcons? Sports Metro Detroit forecast: Rain and snow showers early Weather Metro Detroit weather: Rain turns to snow overnight Weather Metro Detroit weather: When does next snow arrive? Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Early morning showers with temps in the 30s Weather Metro Detroit weather: Temperatures stay mild Wednesday Weather UM reveals new process for renaming facilities on campus News Getty Images Investigators seek tips about Upper Peninsula wolf poaching News National Orlando officer Debra Clayton remembered as a difference-maker Clayton spent 17 years with department By STEVE ALMASY , CNN Posted: 9:56 PM, January 14, 2017 Updated: 1:45 AM, January 15, 2017 Orlando Police Department via CNN More National Headlines Orlando manhunt: Three arrested, tips pour in Orlando tragedy: Two officers remembered Orlando: Manhunt for suspected cop killer expands; reward now $100,000 Orlando police officer killed; sheriff's deputy dies during manhunt (CNN) - On the day she was laid to rest, Orlando police officer Debra Clayton received one final honor from her department. She was promoted to lieutenant. Clayton, 42, was killed Monday as she tried to confront a murder suspect at a Walmart. The suspect is still at large. Her chief, John Mina, told thousands of people gathered Saturday for a memorial service that Clayton did not die alone. "She was surrounded by blue," he said. With fellow officers, family and friends in attendance, she was remembered at a touching ceremony at First Baptist Church of Orlando. Clayton was well-liked by her coworkers. "She's going to be missed but never forgotten," an Orlando officer told CNN affiliate WKMG. "She loved helping people. ... We know she made a difference, and the rest of us will continue to try to live in her legacy." Clayton's flag-draped casket was brought into the church and a long line of people, many of them crying, came by to pay respects before the service. As it was carried from the hearse one boy saluted the fallen officer. Dozens of family members came for the service. Her brother, Rudy Thomas (not pictured), told the audience she loved deeply and wouldn't sugarcoat her advice. "There wasn't no fake-fake about it," he said. "If she had anything to say that was on her mind, she would tell you and let you know." Clayton's body was taken to Woodlawn Memorial Park & Funeral Home. On the route, police officers from around the country lined the road. Many will attend another funeral Sunday for an Orange County Sheriff's deputy, Norman Lewis, who was killed in a traffic accident while searching for Clayton's killer. Debra Clayton was recently married and was a member of the Orlando Police Department for 17 years. Clayton devoted herself to helping young members of the community, Mina said earlier this week. Copyright 2017 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Summary - Story List About Us Advertise Contact Us Local Weather Pay Your Bill Report a Delivery Problem Subscribe to The Times Daily Subscription Services Vacation Start / Stop News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections State Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Opinion Editorials Reader's View Columnists You said it Obituaries Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Rentals Real Estate Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com Autos TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages Deals Jobs Cars Real Estate Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Select A Location The Shoals Decatur Guntersville Athens HuntsvilleMadison Moulton Custom Location Within 5 mi. 10 mi. 25 mi. 50 mi. 100 mi. 200 mi. of zip code USA Canada Results per page 10 25 50 100 Sort by Distance Name Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections 2016 Election Sample Ballots State State Capital Contact Local Lawmakers Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Belgreen Brooks Central Cherokee Colbert County Colbert Heights Collinwood Covenant Christian Deshler Florence Football Scores Hackleburg Haleyville Hamilton Hatton Lauderdale County Lawrence Co. Tenn Lexington Loretto Mars Hill Muscle Shoals Phil Campbell Phillips R.A. Hubbard Red Bay Rogers Russellville Sheffield Shoals Christian Tharptown Vina Waterloo Wayne County Wilson Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Obituaries Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages TNValleyDeals.com Close 1 of 3 Buy Now Allison Carter Soon Sears, one of the first anchor stores at Florence Mall, will close. ALLISON CARTER/TIMESDAILY Buy Now MATT MCKEAN The Sears store, one anchor in the Florence Mall is closing . MATT MCKEAN/TIMESDAILY Buy Now Allison Carter Victoria Bradford works at Campus Spirits at the Florence Mall. Soon Sears, one of the first anchor stores, will close. ALLISON CARTER/TIMESDAILY spotlight As Sears closes, officials focus on corridor By Tom Smith and Bernie Delinski Staff Writers Jan 15, 2017 1 Buy Now Allison Carter Soon Sears, one of the first anchor stores at Florence Mall, will close. ALLISON CARTER/TIMESDAILY Buy Now MATT MCKEAN The Sears store, one anchor in the Florence Mall is closing . MATT MCKEAN/TIMESDAILY Buy Now Allison Carter Victoria Bradford works at Campus Spirits at the Florence Mall. Soon Sears, one of the first anchor stores, will close. ALLISON CARTER/TIMESDAILY FLORENCE -- Since 1978, Sears has served as a 135,000-square-foot anchor for the city's mall. Today, local officials and the Florence Mall's owner say the community cannot allow the pending loss of the retail store to serve as an anchor in a negative sense -- one that weighs down the future of the mall and surrounding retail corridor. Jim Hull, managing principal of Hull Property Group, which owns the mall on Cox Creek Parkway, said he realizes finding a replacement for Sears poses a challenge. However, Hull said it is important to be selective in seeking a replacement. "The facility formerly occupied by Sears must be repurposed in a manner conducive to a first-class retail corridor," Hull said. "The retail environment is extremely challenging, and back-filling this space will be difficult. It should not be allowed to devolve into a second-class retail offering. "Community leadership and stakeholders and the mall must share a vision of the future of the mall and the Cox Creek retail corridor, or the marketplace may dictate an unfortunate and unforgiving future." The Florence Mall location is among 17 Sears stores scheduled to be closed this year, according to reports. To put the retail space into perspective, Mayor Steve Holt said the 135,000 square feet of Sears is close to the size of a Walmart Supercenter. The entire mall is 637,000 square feet, according to the mall's website. "Folks are genuinely concerned about the future of the mall and what's going to be there," Holt said. He said he has spoken with Hull officials and continues to do so. From those conversations, he said the company appears genuine in its concern for the mall and overall community. "I know they want that space filled and will work really hard at it," Holt said. "I told them before, 'You market the mall, we'll market the community, and together maybe we can attract a clientele.' They've spent a lot of money renovating and dressing up the mall to modernize it, and it's up to us to make sure we generate the traffic in the community to maintain it." Officials said they don't want the closing to leave an impression that the mall is dying. The mall's website lists 43 stores, not counting Sears. Those include Belk, Dillard's and J.C. Penney department stores. Campus Spirit employee Victoria Bradford said the store's proximity to Sears means her customers often notice the Sears closing signs as they enter Campus Spirit. "It's sad, and all the customers have come in the store and seen the signs that they're closing," Bradford said. "They ask questions about it, and they're surprised because it's been here so long." Campus Spirit manager Bethany Robertson said it's difficult to get traffic toward her store because of its location within the mall. "This end of the mall is not very exciting, I guess," Robertson said. "There's not a lot going on down here because it's at the opposite end of the food court." She would like to see officials create a more aggressive campaign for the mall. Robertson said she has heard customers complain about some other recent changes. "They hate that the benches are gone," she said. "That's the biggest thing that I hear. They also don't like that the kiosks aren't out here." Mall officials have said a reason they removed the kiosks is because customers had complained about aggressive sales tactics by kiosk workers. When discussing the concept of something serving as an anchor retail asset, Holt said the mall, itself, is the anchor of the shopping district on and around Cox Creek Parkway. It is in the center of the busiest retail center in the region. Mall officials said approximately 35,000 vehicles pass along that region daily. "It's a high-traffic area," Holt said. "It's important to our region that the mall is successful. They are looking at ways to stay on the cutting edge of things. They are not just absentee owners who don't care about it. "There's a lot of good stores still there, and a lot of good national brand small stores there." Local developer Gregg Pounders has witnessed a lot of changes along that corridor throughout the years. He said the area is a good real estate location. "As long as it's a desirable area, when I see a vacancy occur, I think that's an opportunity," Pounders said. He said the corridor has a history of shaking off losses in tenants. As examples, he said it continued to thrive after places such as Toys R Us and Old Navy left. When Kmart closed its location at Florence Boulevard and Cox Creek Parkway in 2016, Academy Sports + Outdoors came in and is building a store to replace it. "That area has just reinvented itself so many times," Pounders said. "We've kind of remained that regional shopping area." However, he said the companies that come into the corridor need to be vibrant, as well. "Some are dinosaurs and haven't kept up with the competition, and I think Sears is an example of that," Pounders said. "Some haven't kept up with the changes. I still think something neat will come in the Sears place. Time will tell." Coles Hull Doyle, marketing director for Hull Property Group, said the mall continues to seek tenants. Las Trojas restaurant will open this spring in one of the new exterior-facing bays, Doyle said. "The bay is over 8,000 square feet and the new restaurant will have a large open-air patio," she said. "It is going to be a first-class Mexican restaurant, and the owner also has a location in Huntsville." She said the Sears closing is not an indicator of the local economy. "Sears is closing numerous stores across the country at a rapid rate due to declining sales," Doyle said. "We don’t believe their decision to leave the Florence Mall is a reflection on the community or the mall itself. Looking ahead, we are confident that Sears will ultimately be replaced by a vibrant new tenant that will be attractive to customers." Holt envisions several stores locating there. With 135,000 square feet, two or three large stores are possible. Hull said his company is determined to work toward the success of the mall and the corridor as a whole. "The Cox Creek retail corridor is too important to fail," he said. "It is much easier to stop a corridor from becoming blighted than to regain tenants once a corridor has become blighted. A collaborative effort among community leadership and stakeholders, surrounding property owners and the mall will create an environment where the mall and other property owners in the Cox Creek retail corridor would invest in a manner that is needed. "We look forward to working with Mayor Holt and other community leaders to form a consensus on the best path forward. Florence has a tremendous retail center, and by working together, we can use this setback as an opportunity for growth and continued success.” tom.smith@timesdaily.com of 256-740-5757. Twitter @TD_TomSmith bernie.delinski@timesdaily.com or 256-740-5739. Twitter @TD_BDelinski Tags Sears Corridor Hull × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (1) comment Marcia Collum Jan 15, 2017 7:10pm I lived in Florence for 3 years, though I'm originally from Los Angeles, CA Currently, I'm living in San Bernardino County in CA. But my husband (who is from Florence) and I plan to move back sometime in 2018. Anyway, the Cox Creek Mall is a nice one, smaller than I'm used to, but still nice. I'd personally hate to see it lose it's appeal. It's good to hear that the Mexican restaurant will be coming in; it sounds really appealing! We have the Ontario Mills Mall out here..super large. One of my favorite stores to visit there, or anywhere, is Burlington Coat Factory, That store is always packed. I don't remember seeing a Burlington Coat Factory in Florence. It would totally fill the space that Sears will leave. Since we plan to move back, it would be awesome to be able to shop there. :) Just a thought! Report Add Reply Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. News updates Academic Achievers Shoals Births Volunteers Community Listings Week Ahead NACOLG outlines priorities for lawmakers Grants awarded to help prevent rape, domestic violence Sign up for our Newsletter Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!  Manage your lists Games, Puzzles and Horoscopes Comics Interactive Games and Puzzles Horoscopes Public Information Databases Area crime reports Area storm shelters Alabama unemployment rates by county Restaurant Health Ratings Shoals Birth Announcements Franklin Grand Jury Indictments Lauderdale Grand Jury Indictments Online Poll Have you kept to your New Year’s resolution? You voted: Yes: No: Vote View Results Back Sections News Sports Life Business Opinion Obituaries Gallery Video Gallery Weather About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Follow Us Affiliated Websites Times Daily Decatur Daily Courier Journal Moulton Advertiser The Redstone Rocket Madison Weekly News American Classifieds Terms of Use Refund Policy Contact Information timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL 35630 © Copyright 2017 timesdaily.com, 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
More Sites Times News Legals Games Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Charities & Fundraisers Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Charities & Fundraisers Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested The Christmas Box Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Signup Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Shop With A Cop City police department holds Shop with a Cop program Contributed To The Press • Jan 14, 2017 at 5:18 PM The Johnson City Police Department’s Support Wives and Girlfriends group recently hosted the second annual Shop With a Cop event at Memorial Park Community Center. Officers of the Johnson City Police Department — along with members of the Washington County Sheriff’s Office, Tennessee Highway Patrol, Elizabethton Police Department, Nuclear Fuel Services/Murray Guard Inc., and East Tennessee State University Public Safety — took 51 deserving children from the Johnson City school system on a shopping spree for Christmas. The children were paired with an officer, and the two discussed their Christmas list during a pizza party. The children were then loaded into party buses and limousines and the entourage was escorted by officers to Walmart on Browns Mill Road. After the shopping spree, participants’ families were provided with a Christmas food box and ham as well as additional gifts for Christmas morning. “Spending time with these kids and being a small part of helping them to enjoy Christmas is the best feeling in the world,” Johnson City Police Officer Brittney Eberhardt said. “We are just so grateful to all of our community partners who made it possible.” Johnson City’s Shop With a Cop has nearly doubled in just one year thanks to a $7,500 donation from Graphic Disorder; fundraising efforts by Smith Brothers Harley-Davidson; toys donated from Toys R Us; sponsorship of approximately 25 children by Keller Williams Realty and Classic Title; monetary donations from citizens; Johnson City Parks and Recreation; Marco’s Pizza, Domino’s Pizza and Papa John’s Pizza; Chick-Fil-A, West Market Street; and Walmart. “We would love to see the event continue growing at this rate so that we can reach even more children,” Eberhardt said. “I feel like our officers get more out of this event than the children do. It’s amazing to see how many of them are so selfless and want to spend their money buying for others. They embody the spirit of Christmas, and we are privileged to be able to be part of it.” Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Senior notes for Hampshire and Franklin Counties and Metro East Plus, January 18, 2017. Print Email The Republican By The Republican The Republican on January 14, 2017 at 11:34 PM, updated January 14, 2017 at 11:35 PM comments AMHERST Council on Aging 70 Boltwood Walk, 413-259-3060. Second Hand Clothing Shop: The Amherst Senior Center announces the opening of a shop offering used clothing for sale. The shop will be open each Friday from 9 a.m.-noon in the Large Activity Room of the Bangs Community Center. Donations of clean, gently used clothing will be accepted during shop hours. Proceeds will help support the programs and services of the Amherst Senior Center. Senior Center Offers 2017 Parking Stickers: this parking program is designed to make parking near the center more convenient for older people. The parking sticker is valid for parking in the Boltwood Garage parking lot, both surface, underground and in the 12 spaces against the fence east of the Ann Whalen Apartments for four hour periods on weekdays between 8 a.m.-5 p.m. The cost is $25 for the full year and will be sold to newcomers and those who have used their 2016 stickers to attend Senior Center activities on the average of about one hour per weeks. WELLNESS CLINICS/SERVICES Senior Health Services Nurse Clinic: Jan. 26, 2:30-4 p.m. Free Blood Pressure Clinic: Tuesdays, 9-10 a.m. Wellness Grants: The Senior Center doesn't want anyone to be left out of its fitness classes or clinics because of lack of funds. A $15 wellness grant is available to low income Amherst elders upon request. Speak to Karen or Nancy at the center to fill out a simple means test form. A maximum of two $15 grants are allowed per month ($150 yearly cap) and can be used for clinic appointments or fitness classes (the funds for this come from donations). Convalescent Equipment and Supplies: The center has been collecting donated medical equipment for a number of years and loaning it to those n need of the items. The equipment includes commodes, walkers with wheels (and w/o), canes, crutches, raised toilet seats, disposable undergarments, washable under pads for the bed and other assorted items. Drop by weekdays between 9:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m. to borrow what you need. Call the center at 413-259-3060 for further information. Emergency Preparedness: If you are at risk and would need special help in an emergency, please contact Maura Plante at 413-259-3213 or Helen MacMellon at 413-259-3062 to be placed on our At Risk list. Senior Foot Care/Ear Irrigation: (NO CLINIC JAN. 20) Fridays, 9:40 a.m.-12:40 p.m.with Sharon Beaulieu, RN. Call 413-259-3060 for an appointment. The fee for service is $28 for foot care and $25 for ear irrigation. Patients need to use Debrox Wax Softening drops at home two days prior to their appointment for hardened wax problems. Ear Irrigation Clinic: Jan. 24, 3-4:30 p.m. Dr. Daniel Clapp provides this service on the second/fourth Tuesday of the month from 3-4:30 p.m. $10 donation to the Amherst Senior Center Wellness Grants Gift Account is encouraged. No Debrox drops are needed. Call or drop in the Center to schedule an appointment. Massage Clinic: Tuesdays by appointment, $40 per hour or $25 for a half hour. Hearing Care Service: free, evaluations, screening, counseling, ear canal inspection, hearing aid assessment, please call to schedule an appointment. SHINE: Jan. 23, 1-4 p.m. Hot Lunch: served weekdays at the center at 11:45 a.m., reservations should be made no later than 10 a.m. the previous day, call Kathy Nelson, at 413-259-3164 to sign up, $3 suggested donation. Wellness Rides Program: this program provides medical appointment transportation for Amherst seniors who are completely independent with mobility and decision making. Fee round trip: Amherst, $8; Hadley , $9; Northampton, Hatfield, $12; Easthampton, Florence, Leeds, Belchertown, $14; Holyoke, Deerfield, $16; Greenfield, $20; West Springfield, Springfield $30. Computer Tutoring Lessons: Free one on one, to make an appointment lease leave a message for Jack Wollensak by calling 413-259-3060. Computer Lab: available during our regular workday Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., free. Peapod by Stop and Shop: do your grocery shopping without leaving your home. Stop and Shop has an online grocery shopping service that delivers your groceries to your home. Its called Peapod, www.peapod.com or call 1-800-5-PEAPOD for further information. Atkins Country Market: Monday through Saturday you can have groceries delivered from Atkins Market. Orders have to e placed a day ahead. there is a $25 minimum order requirement, a 10% assembly fee and $8 delivery fee. Call Atkins at 413-253-7022 to place your order. Prescription Helping Hands: Do you have a difficult time picking up your prescriptions because of transportation problems? The center has volunteers who will pick up prescriptions and deliver them to your home. call Helen at the center 413-259-3062 for more information. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Ed Smith: Estate Planning and Elder Law: Jan. 20, 1-4 p.m. Ayaz Mahmud, Money Talk: CLASSES/SEMINARS Drawing Classes: Mondays, 9:30-11:30 a.m., classes are $10 each payable to Carolyn Bruneau. Soothing Stretch: Fridays Jan. 20-March 24, 3-4 p.m. Jan. 23 and 30: Exploring Collage, bring any kind of , magazines, fabric scraps, trinkets, things from nature, scissors, glue, tape, pins anything to attach things Caregivers Group and Stress Reduction Class: Jan. 26, 1:30-3 p.m. Caregivers Loaning Library: to borrow a book from our library stop in to visit one of our social workers, Maura or Helen. Caregivers Massages: Talya Solomon is offering free massages to help relieve your stress. Contact Helen to schedule a massage at 413-259-3062or macmellonh@amherstma.gov Joy of Song with Sara Snyder : Jan. 19, 1-2 p.m. New Options: Jan. 25, 2-4 p.m. Cosmology: Jan. 24, 1-3 p.m. Name that Tune with Steve Damon: Mondays 11-11:45 a.m. Jan 23: Jazz Standards UPCOMING EVENTS Jan. 28: Wine and Canvas Fundraiser at the Hampshire Mall, 2-4 p.m., cost $30, call to register or sign up at the centers reception desk. TRAVEL CLUB: Call the Senior Travel Club at (413) 259-3060 for information, Monday-Friday, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Younger people and non-residents are welcome to participate. Jan. 19, 2017: Worcester Museum of Art, 10:30 a.m., return 3:30-4 p.m., cost $50, (motorcoach, admission and gratuity). Feb.16, 2017: Kennedy Library in Boston MA. and supper at the Salem Cross Inn, West Brookfield, cost $60 Mar. 24, 2017: Boston Flower and Garden Show and optional lunch at Maggiano's, cost $65. Apr. 21, 2017: Boston Symphony Afternoon Concert at Symphony Hall, Boston, cost $120. May 13-19, 2017: Barcelona Spain, 7 days, 8 meals, 5 breakfasts, 1 lunch and 2 dinners, per person rates, double $3879, single $4579, triple $3849, included in prices is the round trip air, attractions, insurance ($280), air taxes, and hotel transfers. Sep. 8-15, 2017: Northern National Parks, 8 days, 7 breakfasts, and 3 dinners, per person rates, double $3069, single $3769, triple $3039, included in price is the round trip airfare, insurance ($240), air taxes and hotel transfers. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Function Well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10:00 a.m.; drawing workshop, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; senior health services, 10 a.m.-noon, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; name that tune, 11 a.m.; lunch 11:45 a.m; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m.; tai chi, 3-4 p.m. Tuesday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; blood pressure clinic, 9-10 a.m.; tai chi/arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m.; line dancing, 10:45-11:45 a.m.; massage, 11 a.m-4 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; folk dancing, 1-2 p.m.; Scrabble, 1-3 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; ear irrigation with Dr. Clapp, 3-4:30 p.m. (2nd and 4th Tues. of the month). Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10 a.m.; Free Bread Program , 9:30 a.m.; morning yoga, 9:30-11 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; Bridge, noon-4 p.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m. Thursday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; tai chi for arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m .; Insular Southeast Asia 10:30-noon; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; chess games, 1-4 p.m.; memoir writing , 1-3:30 p.m.; senior health services nursing clinic, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; moving in rhythm 3-4 p.m. Friday: Second hand clothing shop open, 9 a.m.-noon; craft workshop, 9 a.m.-noon, cribbage games, 9 a.m. - noon; foot care & ear irrigation, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; ballroom dancing, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; grocery shopping, 10 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m. BELCHERTOWN Senior Center 60 State St., 413-323-0420. Aging Mastery Program: To be put on a waiting list for the next session, see Bill or Susan. Bunch of Losers: Weight loss program, meets every Monday, 10:45 a.m., share nutritional tips, recipes and support, call Susan for more information and to sign up. Dessert & Coffee Bar: Monday's, the kitchen will be serving dessert and self serve coffee right after lunch. Memory Cafe: This is for those with a diagnosis of a dementia related disorder, mild cognitive impairment, those concerned about their memory loss, family members and care partners. This is not a drop off program and caregivers should plan to attend. It is a time and place for people to interact, find support and to share concerns without feeling embarrassed or misunderstood. Please contact Bill at 413-323-0420 ext. 503 if you plan to attend so we can have enough light refreshments. Belchertown Police Department: first Thurs. of the month, 11:20 a.m. to review the newest crimes, scams and concerns. Digital camera classes: If interested, call Susan. Sewing Class: every Tuesday of the month, 12:30 p.m. Bring your project along with you and if you need to use a sewing machine a portable one is perfect. Free Movie of the Month 12:30 p.m. Jan. 25: The Accountant Book Club: third Tuesday of the month, 1 p.m. Esthetician Services Offered: facials and additional skin care services. A one hour facial starts at just $30, to book an appointment call Susan at 413-323-0420 ext. 501. Parkinson Support Group: First Friday of the month, Feb. 3,1 p.m. Senior Center Van: Jan. 20, shop at Walmart or Big Y in Ware, door to door service round trip $3, please call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 508 to schedule. Rock & Roll Exercise: Thursdays at 3 p.m., stop and check it out, $5. Triad: Looking for new members, meets the last Tuesday of the month at 10:45 a.m. Van Rides: Call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 509 to arrange van rides, preferably the day prior. Door to door service $3 for round trip. Safe Entry Program: A program offered by Belchertown TRIAD in conjunction with the Police/Fire Dept. in which seniors have a lock box installed that holds their house key. The lock box will be installed on your home free of charge by a qualified volunteer. A minimum donation of $20 is required in order to help with costs. To receive a lock box, pick-up a contract and complete the Safe Entry Dorm Return to BCOA, c/o Susan Shea, Attn: TRIAD, 60 State St., Belchertown, MA 01007. Senior Travel Club: Tuesday-Wednesday-Thursday 10-1 p.m. call 413-323-0420 Ext 513. Upcoming Events Jan. 19: free Smart Phone App. and how to install, the Belchertown Police Dept. is offering a free app. targeted towards keeping the community safe.; Quabbin Art Association , 7 p.m., at Belchertown Town Hall to hear Gregory Rogers present his works of art Jan 27: Blood for Blue Blood Drive, 10 a.m.-2 p.m., donors will receive a Dunkin Donut gift card and the TRIAD will be offering hot dogs and beverages to all participants. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Blood pressure and sugar checks, 8:45 a.m., first and third Monday of the month; osteo exercise, 10 a.m.; bridge, 10:30 a.m.; Bunch of Losers, 10:45 a.m.; yoga, 11:45 a.m.; hand and foot, 12:30 p.m.; TRIAD, third Monday of the month, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Computer, 9 a.m.; crafts, 9 a.m.; pitch, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Chordials, 10 a.m.; TRIAD, 10:45 a.m.; activities committee, 10:45 a.m., first Tuesday of the month; bingo, 12:30 p.m.; association meeting, 12:45 p.m., first Tuesday of the month. Wednesday: Quilting, 9 a.m.; Eddie C., 10 a.m.; bridge, 10 a.m.; osteo, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; tooth fairy, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 2:30 p.m. Thursday: Birthdays, last Thursday of the month; pitch, 9 a.m.; computer class, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Zendoodle, 10 a.m.; painting, noon; bingo, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1:30 p.m.; COA Board, 6 p.m., fourth Thursday of the month. Friday: Knitting, 9:30 a.m.; yoga, 9:30 a.m.; pitch, 9:30 a.m.; brown bag, 10 a.m., second Friday of the month; audiologist, 11 a.m., first Friday of the month, by appointment.; Nickel-Nickel, 1 p.m. BRIMFIELD Senior Center 20 Main Street, (Located in the 1st Congregational Church), 413-245-7253 TRIPS Senator Gobi: Monthly Movie: Jan. 20, 11 a.m., Mr. Church UPCOMING EVENTS Jan. 27: Chinese New Year Party, 1 p.m., $6 suggested donation. Come and enjoy a wide variety of traditional favorites. Please reserve your seat by Jan. 24. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES We have changed the suggested donations for classes. Amount for 55 and up $2, under 55, $3. Cup of Conversation: First Fri. of each month beginning Jan. 6, 10:35 a.m., please call the center if you would like to join the group. Lunch Club: Arthritis Class: Tuesday, 10:30 a.m., this class helps to alleviate pain in arthritis sufferers as well as aid in prevention, the class is mostly seated. Cardio Chair Dancing: on hold until the spring due to instructors schedule. All the benefits from dance but done in a chair. Great if you have knee, hip, balance or coordination challenges that make dancing difficult. Strength Training Classes: Mondays and Thursday's 9-10 a.m. A total body workout to upbeat music. Uses hand weights and exercise bands. Tai Chi; Qigong Classes: Tuesday and Friday, 9:30-10:30 a.m. This enjoyable class strengthens tendons, aids in fall prevention, balance and overall well-being. Regular Yoga: Wednesday morning 8:45 a.m., suitable for all levels of fitness. Redefined Yoga: Thursday, 10-11 a.m. Love the idea of yoga, but can't get down on the floor or back up? This class has all the benefits of regular yoga and incorporates standing, sitting in a chair and stretching but no getting down on the floor! Work at your own pace and ability level (suitable for wheelchair/chair bound). BINGO: 2nd and 4th Wednesday of the month. Join our group for fun and prizes. Snacks and beverages provided. $1 per card. Wii Bowling: 1st and 3rd Wednesday of the month. Friendly competition with prizes and snack bar. Breakfast: We now have breakfast available every Wednesday at 10 a.m. Reservations must be made before 11 a.m. on the Monday before. $2 suggested donation. Lunch: Tuesdays and Thursdays, reservations required by 11 a.m. on previous day, $2 suggested donation. Coloring for Adults: 3rd and 4th Tuesdays at 11 a.m. Coloring books, crayons/pencils provided. EASTHAMPTON Council on Aging 19 Union St., 413-527-6151. Please Note: Some of our programs are open to the public, others are limited to Easthampton 55+, call 413-527-6151 ahead for for details. Closings: Call 413-527-6151 to check for open hours or early closings. New Strong Yoga Classes: possible class offering depends on interest level, need at least 5 to start, call 413-527-6151 if interested. Fitness Center: Open to Easthampton residents, 55 and older. Annual fee is $65 for residents, $100 per year for out-of-town. Garden Volunteers: If you can spare a few hours one-time only or more on a regular basis to assist with watering, weeding, trimming and cutting etc. and supervising the group from Honor Trial Court Program, please contact activity coordinator, Kim Jensen for additional information/details at 413-527-6151. Volunteer Receptionist: The Enrichment Center is seeking 2 volunteer receptionists for 3-4 hours/week from 12-4 p.m. or 4-7 p.m., to answer a 2-line phone system, make reservations for trips, activities and other events, and much more. This volunteer position requires someone who can multi-task, handle stress and who has excellent customer service skills and patience. Please call Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. New Grocery Shopping Delivery Program: The Easthampton Council on Aging Enrichment Center has received a grant from Highland Valley Elder Services to partially fund a new grocery shopping delivery program. This new program will provide free delivery of groceries to Easthampton residents 60 years of age and older who: do not drive, have no available family members, friends or other support systems/services in place for grocery shopping, or cannot use the van or other transportation options to go grocery shopping. Anyone interested should contact Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. An Outreach Worker will need to make a home visit to determine eligibility. Cyber Angels Program: Wouldn't it be great to see a loved one that lives far way without leaving the comfort of your home? On-line video visits are a great way to stay connected with family and friends. We will bring in the technology (laptop) and set up the communication and stand by for any assistance you need to video chat with family and friends. There is no charge for this; this is a gift from us to you. Call Outreach Worker, Holly Handfield at 413-527-6151 x15 if interested. One-On-One Computer Assistance: Richard Bauman can help you with the basics. We have computers and laptops at the Enrichment Center for you to practice with, or you can bring your own. Call 413-527-6151 to schedule an appointment. ZUMBA GOLD: Saturday's, 10:30 A.M. and Tuesday's and Thursday's at 5 p.m., $5 per class at the Easthampton Council on Aging Enrichment center WiFi and Laptop: Available at the enrichment Center. Billards: call for days and time, donations welcome Genealogy Group: Mini Hair Salon: $10 new clients, $12 regulars, please prepay and schedule your appointment in advance, 413-527-6151. Living Fully, Aging Gracefully: Jan. 23, 1-3 p.m., please call to preregister Board Meeting: Travel Club: Friends Meeting: Group Support Meetings: Thursdays, 4:30-6 p.m., please call for December dates. Mens Curmudgeon Group: SHINE: Thursdays, 9-noon TRANQUILITY ROOM EVENTS Reflexology for hands and feet: Wednesdays, 1-3 p.m., cost $15 payable in advance, please call to schedule your appointment. Reiki with David: $20 for 45 minutes. Call 413-527-6151 for further information and details. Bio Heatmat: Fridays by appointment, $5 donation to the center appreciated. Aroma Therapy and Sound Therapy: Saturdays, 9 a.m.-12 p.m., $15 for a 45 minute appointment payable in advance, call 413-527-6151 to schedule. Pepin Street School History Project: The Easthampton Council on Aging is delighted to collaborate with Miss Harwood's 3rd grade class at Pepin Street School on a History Project. If you are 80 and home bound this will be an opportunity to reach out into your community and share your story. The children will use the computers at school to connect with you. We will provide a lap top for you to converse with them right in the comfort of your own home. The questions that will be asked will be determined by you and the teacher. If your are interested please contact Holly Handfield Outreach Coordinator at 413-527-6151, ext. 15. Donations are welcome on all free events UPCOMING EVENTS Jan. 19: Release, Restore and Rebalance, 10:30 a.m. (snow date Jan. 20th) free demo class preregister by Jan. 12th.; MELT That Pain Away, 1 p.m. (snow date Jan. 20th), free demo class, self massage for pain, preregister by Jan. 12th Jan. 23: Let Your Yoga dance, 9:30-10:30 a.m., (snow date Jan. 30th) free demo class. Preregister by Jan. 18th, limited space. Jan. 30: 1 p.m., depending on Cultural Council funding we hope to welcome artist Greg Machaicheck back to the center the the 45 Million Dollar Flower Pastel Class. This is 2 hour workshop, preregister by Jan. 25. LUNCH AND A MOVIE: Call the Enrichment Center at least one week in advance to preregister and prepay for your luncheon, cost is $4, lunch served at noon and the movie begins at 1 p.m. VAN TRIPS Big Y: Tuesdays at 9 a.m. and 1 p.m. Big E's Foodland: Fridays at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: gratitude yoga class, 9:30 a.m., $20 for four weeks, payable in advance; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Phase 10 card game, noon; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; Tuesday: Van to Big Y, 9 a.m. & 1 p.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m.; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, beginners, 6-7 p.m. Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance class, 10 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; hand craft group, 1-3 p.m. Thursday: SHINE appts., 9 a.m.-noon; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba gold, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, advanced, 6-7 p.m. Friday: Van to Big E's, 10 a.m. & 12:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Saturday: fitness center, 9 a.m.-noon; Zumba gold, 10:30 a.m. GREENFIELD Council on Aging 54 High St., Suite 2, 413-772-1517. Contact: Kathy Dunn at kathyd@greenfield-ma.gov; greenfieldMA.gov. HIGHLIGHTS Computer Lab: Monday-Friday Pizza Putt: Thursdays at 12:30 p.m., come for pizza, then stay and try our new indoor golf putting green. Please register for lunch with $4 payment by noon on Wednesday. Legislative Office Hours: Representative Paul Mark holds drop-in hours on the first Friday of the month. Tax-Aide by Liberty Tax Service: Feb. 13-24, free income tax preparation to low income Greenfield seniors, 65+ with a gross income under $25,000 for single and $60,000 for married by appointment only. To schedule an appointment please call the center at 413-772-1517 ext. 0. If you have any questions please contact MaryAnn Socquet at 413-772-1517 ext. 1. Stavros Building Services: Jan. 19, 1-2 p.m., free, please call to register or stop by the front desk. This presentations is on cost effective modifications using the newest assistive technologies to make your home safe and comfortable. Stress Relief: Jan. 20, 1 p.m., please call to register or stop by the front desk. Learn about stress and simple solutions towards a better life. COUNCIL ON AGING NEWS: board meetings are held on the fourth Thursday of each month at 2 p.m. and are open to the public. For information about activities and trips call Activities Director Kathy Dunn, 413-772-1517, ext. 3. Avon Bingo: Jan. 18, 10:30-11:30 a.m., this is like regular bingo except the board is Avon related instead of numbers. The prizes are Avon products and there is also a chance for a $5 gift card for Avon products. Avon bingo is free and registration is required. Movie Matinee: Call 413-772-1517 to reserve your seat, free. Pizza and Movie: Computer Drop-in: Monday through Friday, 12:45-3:45 p.m. Ask Our Computer Geek: SHINE: Tuesdays, 9:30 a.m. Jan. 11-Feb. 22: Tai Chi with Marcia Gobeil, 1-2 p.m., 6 week series for $30. Register with payment by Jan. 4 or until class is full. Zumba: Resumes Feb. 1, 10:30 a.m.New participants must sign an exercise release form. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg,1 p.m.; duplicate bridge, 1 p.m.; writing group, 1:30 p.m. Tuesday: Bones & Balance I Exercise, Shine, 9:30 a.m.; contact bridge, 12:30 p.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Advanced aerobics and scrabble, 9:30 a.m.; zumba, 10;30 a.m. (no zumba on 11-23); pitch, Tai Chi, 1 p.m.; crafty seniors, 1 p.m. Thursday: Bones and Balance I Exercise, 9:30 a.m.; Art Open Studio, 12:30 p.m. Friday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 1p.m.; creative coloring, 1:30 p.m. HADLEY Council on Aging 46 Middle St., 413-586-4023. Website: coa@hadleyma.org Transportation Update: Thanks to the Friends of Hadley Council on Aging, and our supporting individuals and businesses, we are pleased to announce that on Tuesdays, we will be using the senior van to transport seniors to the Senior Community Center and to local medical appointments or to pick up prescriptions. Please see below for details: -For Hadley residents age 60+ that do not drive and have no formal support system such as a friend or family member who drives. -You must schedule your ride at least 2 business days in advance (preferably more as we start out) by calling 413-586-4023. -There will be a nominal fee of $2 each way unless you are a HVES or Mass Health client, in which case there is no fee. -Service area is Hadley and surrounding towns including: Hatfield, Amherst, Northampton and Florence. We reserve the right to make changes to this pilot program at any time and will give due notice of any changes in advance of scheduling your ride and in the newsletters. Requests may be denied based on available seats, priority requests, or additional unforeseen circumstances. We ask that you be patient as we roll out this program so we can make it as user-friendly as possible. Thursday Shopping Van: pick up at your home or apartment for groceries and staples at local shopping centers, call 413-586-4023 by Tuesday to schedule. Traveling and Need Pet Care: Who better tha a local retired teacher who is ready to give comfort and quality time to your pet. Will walk, feed, play and comfort your animals in your home or mine. For prices or more information call 413-584-8970. Veterans Service Agent: Wednesdays 10 a.m.-noon or you may call 413-587-1299. Honor Flight is accepting applications from WWII and Korean Vets, call 1-603-518-5368. COA Board Meeting: Representative John Scibak: Fridays at 11:30 a.m., call the center for dates, he may also be reached at 413-539-6566. HEALTH, WELLNESS, SAFETY, OUTREACH Community Health Nurse Office Hours: Wednesdays, 8 a.m-noon. Alzheimer's caregiver support group: Second and fourth Wednesday, 2 p.m., call 413-584-5057, ext. 255. Hearing Screenings/Hearing Aids Cleaning: Third Tuesday of the month from 10-11 a.m. with Deborah Reed of Ascent Audiology. Social Security Prescription Program: You may be eligible to apply for Extra Help in meeting prescription drug costs. An application can be completed anytime during the year. Jayne Sullivan, our SHINE counselor can help you apply. Fuel Assistance: Those recertifying should have received their paperwork in the mail. Those that are applying for the first time may do so now. You must do your first intake in person. We can do that with you at the Senior Center. Please call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment with Elsie Waskiewicz. 2016 income eligible guidelines are $33,126 for one person and $43,319 for two. Veteran's Benefits: Tom Geryk is available on Wednesdays from 10. a.m.-noon. Honor Flight is accepting applications from WWII and Korean Vets. Call 603- 518-5368 for more info. At Home Counseling: Jon Steinberg, LICSW, provides in-home counseling and psychotherapy, specializing in home bound elders. Insurance accepted. For more information call Jon at 413-210-5713 or JONS629@comcast.net. Visit www.homevisittherapy.com. New Lock Box Program: Sponsored by Hadley TRIAD, now accepting names for high risk seniors to have a lock box installed so police and fire personnel have access to your home in the event of an emergency. Call 413-586-4023 for more information. TRIAD meetings are open to the public and are held March-June on the second Thursday of each month at 9:30 a.m. SHINE: Counselor Jayne Sullivan is available to answer your health insurance questions. Call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment. Traveling Hairdresser: Candee Wong of Celebrity Beauty Salon is now making house calls to seniors. Shampoo and cut, wash and style, and more. Contact Candace for services, pricing and scheduling; 413-256-1899. New One-on-One Computer Tutorials: Steve Eagle is a new-to-us volunteer from RSVP that would like to offer free tutorials at our Community Center. If you're interested, please call the office at 413-586-4023. Computer Set Up: Janice Jorgensen is our volunteer making house calls on our behalf to help fix glitches or configure your system. Call us at 413-586-4023 to schedule a visit. Though there is no fee, donations to the COA are welcomed. Foot Clinic: $30 for clinic visit or $50 for home visit, call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment Stroke Prevention and Education: Brown Bag: Please pick up by 2 p.m. EXERCISE CLASSES Dancercise: Led by Nicole Lynn Smith, an all-over, aerobic based class and cool down. Mondays at 10:30 a.m., $6. Exercise Equipment Room: For those 55 and older, signed consent must be on file, orientation is mandatory, recumbent bike, nu-step and treadmills available. Fun and Fit: Led by Sidra Ellison, aerobic and small weights, Mondays at 3 p.m., $3 per class, pay one month in advance. Tai Chi: Mondays at 1:30 p.m., $4 per class, payable one month in advance. Healthy Bones and Balance I: Tue. and Thur. at 9:30 a.m., with Betty Faulkner, free. Balance: This class with Georgia & Elaine, Wednesdays, 2p.m. Yoga, Stretch, Flex and Breathe: Wednesdays at 9:15 a.m., with Ed Golding and friends. Free. Yoga/Pilates Mat Work: Fridays with Sidra Ellison, 10:30 a.m., $3 per class, payable one month in advance. Community Corner: Taking new or gently used donations for Spring Pocketbook and Scarf Sale, April 29, 2017. Donations can be brought to the center office Mon.-Fri. 10 a.m.-4 p.m. DATES TO REMEMBER DAY TRIPS Mar. 23, 2017: Westchester Broadway Theatre to see Mama Mia, luncheon and matinee, $119. Call Jane Nevinsmith 413-586-3772 Overnight Motor Coach Trips: Contact Gladys Nicholson at 413-658-7773 Spring 2017: Mississippi River Cruise, Apr. 1-10, 10 days and 9 nights. New Orleans to Memphis, $3099 per person, includes round trip flights, all meals during the cruise, shore excursions, entertainment, dancing lectures, port and gov. fees. Contact Gladys 413-658-7773 to ask about cabin availability. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dancercise, 10:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Tuesday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Wednesday: Yoga stretching, 9:15-10:30 a.m.; 11:45 a.m., lunch; healthy bones/balance, 2 p.m.. Thursday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15a.m.; lunch, 10:15-11:15 a.m. Friday: yoga/pilates mat work, 10:30 a.m.; canasta, 12:30 p.m. HAMPDEN Senior Center 104 Allen St. 413-566-5588. Hours: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: Mary Lee Walsh, from State Senator Eric Lesser's office, visits the Senior Center the fourth Wednesday of the month. COA: Hair Cuts by Dolly: Call 413-566-8117 for an appointment. Dolly is also available to come to your home. Acrylic Painting Classes Every Thursday: $15 per session, all materials are supplied, class size is limited, sign up at front desk, 12-2 p.m. Chair Massage: Third Friday of the month, 10 a.m., 15 minutes for $10 Reiki: Call Carleen for appointment at 413-525-7345. Outreach: Wendy Turer, Mon-Fri, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. VOLUNTEER DRIVERS: Please call Wendy with questions or to sign up as a driver to take older adults to medical appointments. Friends of Hampden Seniors Group: It is time to renew your membership. Forms are available at the front desk, $5. OUTREACH AND WELLNESS CORNER Brown Bag: Blood Pressure: Every Tuesday and Thursday, 10-11 a.m., free, provided by Silver Linings Home Care. S.H.I.N.E.: Call for an appointment with Becky if you need help navigating the Medicare maze. MERCY: Every Wednesday 11:00 a.m.-noon FARMERS MARKET: Feb. 10, Mar. 10, and Apr. 7, 10 a.m.-noon John Hicklen: Fallon Insurance: ACTIVITY CORNER Bridge: Mondays, 9:30 a.m. looking for players. Bingo: Thursdays, noon, .50 a card. Bunco: Will be back in the spring. Call or sign up at front desk. Canasta: Tuesdays, 12:30 p.m. Chair Massage: Third Friday of the month, 10 a.m., 15 minute massage for $10. Chair Yoga: Tuesdays, 11a.m., $5 per class. Choral Group: Mondays, 2:45 p.m. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Genealogy: First and third Thursdays, noon. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Jewelry: 3rd Tuesday, 9:30-11 a.m., $3 per class plus cost of the beads. Knitting: Mondays, 9 a.m. Line Dancing: Thursdays, 2 p.m., $3 per person. (Nov. 3, cancelled). Mahjong: Fridays, noon, will teach anyone interested Manicure/Pedicure: call Cathy at 413-335-7422. Pitch: Wednesdays, sign up at 11:45 a.m., play starts at 12:15 p.m., cost $2. Pool, Ladies: Tuesdays, 9 a.m. Pool, Men: Thursdays, 9 a.m. Quilting: Fridays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Shuffleboard: 9 a.m.-3 p.m. weather permitting. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Strength Training: Tuesdays, noon, $5 Tai Chi: Mondays, advanced class 10 a.m., beginner class 11:15 a.m., cost $5. Trivia: Wednesdays, 10 a.m. Water Color: Mondays and Wednesdays, 12:30 p.m. Weight Training: Tuesdays and Thursdays, 10 a.m., $3. Yoga: Tuesdays and Thursdays, 1 p.m., $5 per class. Zumba Gold: Mondays noon, $5. Movies, Mondays at 12:15 Jan. 23: Wild Oats Jan. 30: Fathers & Daughters UPCOMING EVENTS: call 413-566-5588 or sign up at front desk for all our events Jan. 19: Lunch and Learn, 11:15 a.m. Jan. 20: The Journey A Memory Cafe, 9:30 a.m.- 2 p.m., the cafe will provide conversation, light refreshments and various activities, RSVP required. Jan. 23: National Pie Day, $2 Jan. 26: National Blueberry Pancake Day, 9 a.m., cost $3 Jan. 27: AMP Reunion Jan. 30: National Yodeling Day, Lunch at 11:30 a.m., call or sign up at the front desk, cost $5. Jan. 30, Feb. 1: Water Color Class with Joyce emerle, 12:30-3 p.m., material list available at front desk, $80 for 8 weeks Feb. 8, March 15, April 5: Memoir Writing Class, 10-11:30 a.m., $20 for all 4 sessions, space is limited call to sign up. Scantic River Artisans: exhibiting local creativity, Gala Opening Exhibit Jan. 21, 4-7 p.m., light refreshments will be served, 104 Allen St, Hampden, to sign up for this event please call 413-566-5588, for additional information please leave a message on 413-205-7985. TRIPS WITH BOBBI GRANT: Call Bobbi at 413-566-8271 or email bobijg2@chartner.net 2017 Possibilities: Let Bobbi know your favorites: Apr.: Maple and Butterflies, brunch at Parkers Maple Barn, Sugar House Tour, Corn Cob gift shop, indoor Garden Butterfly Place, Bolton Orchards, $67/pp. May, 25: The Gatlin Bros. Indian Ranch, Webster, Ma, BBQ Lunch, reserve show seats, $89/pp. June 15: Doo-Wop Revue with The Corvettes, Delicious Family Style lunch at The Aqua Turf Club, hi energy show, door prizes, and dancing, $77/pp. June 25: Cape Cod canal Cruise, lunch, Dixie Land Band on board, $? 3rd week in July: Barge on Potter Pond, So. Kingstown, RI, lunch at Cap'n Jacks, Narragansett Pier Marketplace, $89/pp. 2nd week in Aug.: Hall of Fame at Patriot Place, interactive exhibits, Gillette Stadium/Gift Shop, lunch at Lucianos, free time at Wrentham Outlets, $69/pp. Aug. 22: Newport Playhouse, fantastic buffet lunch with lobster, reserve seats for performance of Baggage, Cabaret (2nd show), $95/pp. Sept.: Blue Man Group, sat matinee, lunch at Maggian Little Italy, hilarious show at The Charles Theater, $? Sept: Thimble Island Cruise, USS Nautilus, Submarine Museum, waterfront lunch at the Maritime Grille, Narrated cruise, $73/pp. max 48 passangers. Oct.: Cranberries and Foliage, lunch on Plymouth Harbor at Taven on the Wharf, Bog Tour at A D Makepeace, Tihonet Village Market, $79/pp. Oct. 25: Lakeside Turkey Train, Lake Winnipesaukee Scenic Train Ride, dinner on board, visit Anheuser Busch Brewery, $86/pp., max 48 passengers. Nov. 14: Cher and Elvis, lunch at The Aqua Turf Club, complimentary glass of wine or beer, Vegas style show, door prizes, $76/pp. Danbury Mall Shopping: date ?, lunch on own, $? Mohegan Sun Casino: date ?, Flanders Market for lunch, free, time at casino, $?. TRAVEL CLUB May 18, 2017: London and Paris. Jun. 2017: Northern California, trains and wineries. Sep. 8, 2017: American Cowboy Country, 8 days, Yellowstone, Mt. Rushmore, Badlands National Park and more. Oct. 27, 2017: Hawaii. Call for fliers or pick one up at the HSC. HARDWICK Senior Center 179 Main St. Box 524, Gilbertville 413-477-6707. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Bingo, 9:30 a.m.; bocce ball, 9:30 a.m. Tuesday: Art lessons 9-11 a.m.; games, 10-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m. Wednesday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m.; Wii fitness, 10 a.m.; line dancing, 10 a.m.; pitch, 12:15 p.m. Thursday: London Rummy; 10 a.m.; scat, noon. Friday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m. HOLLAND Senior Center 40 Brimfield Road, 413-245-3163. Hours: Monday-Thursday, 10 a.m.-3 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS Movie Night: $10 for a group, $5 for individual and $3 for seniors, popcorn and drinks included, feel free to bring blankets, pillows, camp chairs, sleeping bags or dinner. Prescription Advantage: As a Prescription Advantage member you are entitled to a one time Special Election Period each year that allows you to join or change your Medicare drug plan outside of Medicares open enrollment period. To Join Prescription Advantage or if you have any questions please call Prescription Advantage Customer Service at 1-800-243-4636 and press 2. TTY (toll free) for the deaf and hard of hearing at 1-877-610-0241. New-Open Crafts: Two Saturdays a month from 9 a.m.-noon. Stay tuned for dates. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Mondays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; Texas Hold'em, 6 p.m. Tuesdays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. Wednesdays: Yoga, 5 p.m.; pitch, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; quilting, 6:30-8:30 p.m. Thursdays: Stained glass, 6-9 p.m.; walking club, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. LUDLOW Senior Center 37 Chestnut St., 413-583-3564. The Senior Center is now open Tuesday nights until 7:30 p.m. Activity Volunteers Wanted: We are looking for volunteers to help set up and run the following activities: chair volleyball, bean bag baseball and ladder toss. If interested, please see Carla for details. Alice Boutique: Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. The boutique accepts donations of gently used or new clothing and merchandise. Drop off donations at the front desk. Fitness Room: Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., $10 sign up fee, completed doctors form and a one time orientation on equipment and room standards. Pen Pals: We are looking for volunteers to be pen pals with a class at Chapin Street School. The project is still in the works but the goal would be to exchange letters with the class over the span of a few months and meet during Global Play Day in February. If you are interested sign up at the front desk and Sarah will contact you with more details. RMV Near Me: Transactions are license renewals, registration renewals, change of address, duplicate license or registration and how to report a lost or stolen disability placard. Mon. Nov. 14, 1-3p.m. and Wed. Nov. 23, 9-11 a.m. Evening Volleyball: Monday and Thursday at 5:30 p.m., cost is $20 for the season, held at the East Street School SPECIAL LUNCHES MEDICAL SERVICES Pedicure with Town Nurses: Every Tuesday, by appointment, for Ludlow residents only. Pedicures are $10. Diabetics are required to provide a note from their doctors before a pedicure can be given. Call the Center for an appointment time. Blood Pressure Checks: Tuesday and Thursdays, 1-2 p.m. Massage Therapy: Every Monday with Meaghan Murphy. 15 minutes of massage for $10 or 30 minutes for $20. Call the center to schedule an appointment. Hearing Clinic: Deb Stroetzel, from Wing Medical Center provides answers to questions you have regarding your hearing, appointments are required and can be made by calling the center. MEETINGS & SUPPORT GROUPS Triad Meeting: Jan. 25, 10 a.m. Veterans Agent Office Hours: Jan. 25, 10:30 a.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: 2nd Thurs. of each month 10:30 a.m. SHINE: Every other Monday, call for an appointment. Brown Bag Program: from 1-3 p.m. Brown Bag helps those over the age of 55 who meet income guidelines. Applications are available at the Senior Center. Pick-up is the third Tuesday of each month. $3 suggested donation. This program is offered through the Food Bank of MA. Council On Aging Board Meeting: Jan. 18, Third Wednesday of the month at 4:30 p.m. Men's Breakfast Club: Last Friday of the month at 8:30 a.m. Sites alternate between Ludlow and Wilbraham. Jan. 27, 8:30 a.m. in Ludlow. Friends of the Ludlow Senior Center: Second Wednesday of the month at 10 a.m., Feb. 8. OUTREACH The Ludlow Lost Citizen Alert Program: The program was developed by the Ludlow Police Dept. and Ludlow COA, and is designed to provide rapid response in locating cognitively impaired residents who have been reported missing. Stop by the Senior Center or Ludlow Police Dept. for a registration form. All information is kept confidential. File of Life Forms: This vital tool provides emergency personnel with your health and insurance information. Everyone should have one on their fridge and in their purse or pocket. Forms are available at the center. Please stop by to pick one up. We can help fill it out as well. SPECIAL EVENTS Jan. 18: Senior Center Update, 10:30 a.m. Jan. 20: Trivia, 10:30 A.M. Jan. 25: Jewelry with Sandy Merrill 9:30 a.m. MOVIE SCHEDULE 1:15 p.m. Jan. 23: A Man Called Ove Jan. 30: Southside With You MUST SEE MOVIES ON THURSDAYS 1:15 p.m. Jan. 19: Words and Music TRANSPORTATION SERVICE Big Y/Randall's: Every Tuesday and Thursday. Departs 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. When you make your reservation include which stop you prefer. SENIOR CENTER TRIPS DAYTIME SPECIAL EVENTS Anyone Interested: Are you interested in line dancing classes or would like to just dance with others? Let us know if Thursdays after 1:15 p.m. work. Also, we have a few people looking to play Mah jongg. If you want to learn or play casually, let us know what days and times work best for you. Mindfulness Meditation: Book Club: 2nd and 4th Friday of the month, 1:30 p.m. TRX Fusion: Tuesday and Friday, 9 a.m., $3 a session, see Sarah for details. Monday Pitch Group: 1 p.m.; $2 entry fee each week. Call the Senior Center at 583-3564 for more information. Line Dancing and Mah jongg are coming in 2017 Cribbage Group: Moving to Fridays 1 p.m. Self Care Yoga: Thursdays, 10-10:45 a.m., $39 for 13 sessions or $5 drop in rate. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Fitness room, 8 a.m. - 4 p.m.; knitting, 9 a.m.-noon; massage appointments, 9:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; dominoes, 10-11:00 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 9-ball round robin billiards and round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; pedicures by appointment, 8:30 a.m.; quilting, 9-11:30 a.m.; bean bag baseball, 10 a.m.; lunch, noon; round robin billiards 12:30 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; blood pressure 1-2 p.m. Wednesday: Fitness room and open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; pitch, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; tai chi, 9-9:45; womens billiards, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; Yoga 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 8-ball round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; choral group, 1-2 p.m.; ceramics, 1 p.m. Friday: Fitness room/open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon.; coloring club, 1-4 p.m.; chair volleyball, 1:15 p.m. MONSON Senior Center 106 Main St., 413-267-4121. Birthdays: Second Tuesday. Let us know if it is your birthday. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Knitting/crocheting, 10 a.m.; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; art, 1 p.m., $2.; craft & laugh night, 6-8 p.m. Tuesday: Foot care, first Tuesday, by appointment; $28; Reflexology, third Tuesday, 10 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; birthday parties, second Tuesday; canasta, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1 p.m., $5; Craft & Laugh night, 6-8 p.m.; ceramics, 6 p.m., $3. Wednesday: Health screening/blood pressure, second Wednesday, by appointment, donations accepted; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; zumba gold, 4 p.m., $5. Thursday: Ceramics, 9:30 a.m., $3; chair massage, every other Thursday, 11 a.m., $5 for 10 minutes; reike, first Thursday, 11:30 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; lunch bunch, second Thursday of the month; movie, first Thursday of the month, 1 p.m.; Woodwackers, 6-8 p.m., $10 membership fee per year. Friday: Chair exercise, 10 a.m.; Wii bowling, 12:30. MONTAGUE Gill-Montague Senior Center 62 Fifth St., Turners Falls, 413-863-9357 or 413-863-4500. Hours/Website: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-2 p.m.; MontagueMA.net. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. Tuesday: Walking group (weather permitting), 9 a.m.; chair yoga, 10:30 a.m. Wednesday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m. Friday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. NORTHAMPTON Senior Services & Senior Center 67 Conz St., (413) 587-1228; fax 413-587-1233 Hours: Weekdays, 8:15 a.m.-4 p.m. Photo Club: Join us on the first Friday of each month, 1:30-3:30 p.m., a place for photographers of all levels to share their work. Mystery Book Club: Jan. 18, 7 p.m. Creative Writing: Mondays, 10 a.m.-noon, Movie: Jan. 23, 1:30 p.m. Movie Rentals: Join the movie club for a one time fee of $5 and the rent popular DVDs for just $1, ask to see the list of more than 600 movies at the receptionists desk Interfaith Help: Each Tuesday afternoon through May, 1 p.m. Caregiver Support Group: Tuesdays, 10 a.m., preregistration is required, please call 413-455-1936 ext. 104 SHINE: Fridays, 9 a.m.-noon, by appointment only. Foot Clinic: Jan. 18, by appointment only. Nutritional Outreach: Jan. 20, 10 a.m. Landscape for Life: fee based classes begin in October, open to the general public call for more information. Walking Group: Come walking, the best exercise! Ellen Dickinson leads a 45 minute moderately paced walk around Northampton every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 10 a.m. from Northampton Senior Services. All seniors with a scan card are welcome to join in this fun and free group. Good Neighbor Energy Fund: Emergency financial assistance for Northampton seniors age 60 and older. Call Michel Dihlmann at 413-587-1226. Computer One on One Appointments: Call for appt., small fee. Artist of the Month: Chess Lessons: Jan. 27, 1:30 p.m., John Boucher and Michael Posner continue chess lessons at the Northampton Senior Center! Each month they are here on the second and fourth Friday from 1:30-3:30 p.m. All players are welcome, including beginners. Evening Yoga Classes: Yoga instructor Donna Edgarton leads an effective 7 p.m. evening yoga class that is safe for seniors of all ages, and abilities. Donna is a Kripalu certified yoga instructor and a certified occupational therapy assistant with a strong background in dance. She has been practicing and teaching yoga for many years and is passionate about sharing this discipline with people as they search for their physical, mental and spiritual health. Classes will continue on monthly basis and the cost for all four classes is $30 for Northampton seniors and $35 for non-residents and those ages 55-89. A drop in option is also available. Tea Time Tuesdays: Come relax, share in good conversation and enjoy a hot cup of tea or coffee. Afternoon tea will continue each Tuesday from 2:45-3:45 p.m. Free with scan card. Zumba Gold: Classes with Johnna Paulsen continue with a new time slot at Northampton Senior Services. This is a modified, low impact version of the Zumba fitness program, combined with Latin and International music and dance moves. Class is fun and no dance experience is necessary. Classes meet Wednesday afternoons from 1-2 p.m. and are open to resident and non-resident seniors. Option to pay by the month or per class. Please call 413-587-1228 for more information or if you have any questions. Adult Coloring: Each Wednesday from 7-8:30 p.m. A selection of coloring books and art supplies will be provided. Participants are welcome to bring their own books and supplies. Free for all seniors with a scan card. Meditation Sessions: Certified meditation instructor and teacher in the Shambala tradition, Carl Nardiello continues meditation classes on Monday afternoons at 1:30 pm. No previous experience is necessary, just a willingness to try something that can be extremely helpful in navigating our daily lives and can enable us to make the most of our energy and time. Meditation has many benefits for our mental and physical well being. Classes are open to resident and non-resident seniors as well as those ages 55-59. A four week session is $20 for Northampton residents and $25 for non-residents and 55-59. A drop in option is also available. Chair Volleyball Returns: Join us Tuesday afternoons at 2 p.m. Tap Classes: Many levels of tap taught by Carol Butler Watelet will be offered on Wednesday and Thursdays. Upcoming Events Jan. 30: Klezamir Concert, 2 p.m., free DAY TRIPS: for more details on trips call 413-587-1228 Jan. 21, 2017: Beautiful, The Carole King Musical, The Bushnell Theater in CT., prior to the show we will enjoy lunch at The Chowder Pot in Hartford, cost $143. Deadline to sign up is Jan. 9. Save the Date: June 2017, The Tall Ships come to Boston. EXTENDED TRIPS: for more details on trips call 413-587-1228 May 21, 2017: Mackinac Island, cost $595, 7 day bus trip with 4 consecutive days in Northern Michagan, $75 will reserve your seat. Aug. 20, 2017: Bermuda Cruise, cost $1269 for double occupancy, $350 will reserve your cabin (rescheduled from June). WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; lap quilt project, 9 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; creative writing, 10 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; computer tutor, 11 a.m.; needle workshop, 1 p.m.; meditation, 1:30 p.m.; coloring for adults, 2 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Tuesday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; cup of conversation, 9:30 a.m.; stretch & tone, 10 a.m.; caregiver support group, 10 a.m (preregister).; walking group, 10 a.m.; dancing with Joan, 11 a.m.; duplicate bridge , noon; sewing workshop, 12:30 p.m. (preregister); pitch, 1 p.m.; tea time, 2:45 p.m. Wednesday: Dynamics Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; digital photography 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; beginner tap, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 12:30 p.m.; Scrabble, 1 p.m.; Timeless Tunes, 1 p.m.; zumba gold 1 p.m.; Feldenkrais, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Thursday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; benefits counseling by appointment, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 10 a.m.; walking group 10 a.m.; wisdom project, 10 a.m.; knitting drop-in, 10 a.m.; third year tap, 11:30 a.m.; contact bridge, noon; second year tap, 12:30 p.m.; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:30 p.m.; intermediate tap, 1:30 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Friday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; duplicate bridge, 12 p.m.; visit from Dewey the therapy dog; 12:30 p.m.; gentle chair yoga, 1 p.m.; Senior Gay Men's Drop-in Group, 1 p.m.; yoga, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. PALMER Senior Center 29 Central St., 413-283-2670 or online at townofpalmer.com. Weather Policy: If schools are closed due to weather, the center is closed and there is no van service or meal service. The staff reports to work and will be available by phone. If the Town Hall is closed, then the center will also be closed with no staff reporting. Alterations: Tuesdays, 1:30-2:30 p.m., or to make alternate arrangements, call Sandy at 413-289-6319. Free tips to Live Healthier: Log in from your own computer for two hours a week and learn how to reduce pain, eat well and talk with your doctors so you can live healthier, sign up today, restartliving.org/Massachusetts.php Van Rides: Please remember to schedule out of town van appointments for earlier in the day; the van needs to be back at the center by 4 p.m. If you need to get to an important appointment call PVTA @ 1-866-277-7741. SPECIAL PROGRAMS/SPEAKERS Emergency Preparedness Kits: Thanks to the EOEA Formula Grant we have Red Cross Emergency Kits available. Learn about the contents, effective usage of supplies, kit maintenance and storage requirements from Ruth Amador, RN and you will receive a kit. Wish List: We need coffee, regular/decaf, sugar, flour, canned pumpkin, maple syrup, quart storage bags, sandwich bags, large/small paper plates, and items for our birthday bags. Thanks to all who donate. Need a Carbon Monoxide Detector?: Call the Senior Center and the Palmer Fire Dept. will come and install a free detector if you need one. Line Dancing: every Thursday at 1 p.m., cost is $3 payable to the instructor Charlene Fijol. Zoo On The Go: Jan. 18, Forest Park Zoo, 12:30 p.m., free. Caring For Your Feet: Dr. Lauren Peria will give a presentation about foot health and prevention, 12:15 p.m. Soup Swap: Jan. 19, noon. Come and enjoy soup, salad and fresh break. Please bring 2 quarts of your favorite homemade soups to share along with a copy of the reciepe, there will be a prize for the best tasting soup. Hand Wax Paraffin: Night Time Pitch: Jan. 19, 6 p.m. Movie Day 12:30 Jan. 23: My Big Fat Greek Wedding Month of January 2017 Calendar Raffle: will go on sale in November, they make great gifts for only $5 and you have 31 chances to win. Book Club, 2nd Wed. of the month : Feb. 8, 1:30 p.m., Todd Smola: Tyler Wolanin: TRIPS March 14: Saint Patrick Lunch and show, Aqua Turf Club and a family style luncheon, $85. May 19-26, 2017: Bermuda 7 day cruise, cost $1195 per person and includes insurance and transportation to the dock in Boston, final payment due March 3, 2017, the center will help fill out the application for passport form, deadline is Dec. 1. June: Ogunquit, ME, in the planning stage, playhouse and dinner along the ocean at fosters. Sept. 10-16: Pigeon forge and Smoky Mountains Show Trip, $565 pp double occupancy, 7 days, 6 nights, 6 breakfast, 4 dinners, 5 shows, historic downtown Gatlinburg, and a guided tour of the Great Smoky Mountain National Park, $75 due upon signing, add $180 for single occupancy, final payment due July 3. Trip insurance available at additional cost. HEALTH & FITNESS CLASSES: YMCA Strength Training: Mon. & Wed. from 10-11 a.m. This one hour class is conducted by certified instructors from the YMCA. This class is appropriate for all levels of ability. Weights are provided by senior center. Cost is only $2.00 per class payable at the front desk. Tai Chi: Every Thursday from 10:30-11:15 a.m. This free class is sponsored by LifeCare of Wilbraham & Stacia Cantin, Certified Tai Chi Instructor. Arthritis/Range of Motion: Tuesdays, 10-11 a.m., free Swimming at the YMCA: Tues/Thurs from 1-3 p.m. for Palmer Senior Center attendees. Cost only $3. Payable at the YMCA. Walking Group: Tuesday and Friday , 9-10 am. Dave Ridz, Walking Champion will be leading this group. HEALTH CLINICS Blood Glucose Clinic: Jan. 9, 9 a.m.-noon Fallon Health: Blood Pressure: Every Wednesday from 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Ruth Amador, RN will be available to take blood pressure readings. (Third Wednesday of month from 9-11:30 a.m.) Ruth will help you w/any questions you may have pertaining to your health or medications. No appointment necessary. Foot Care: by appointment starting at 8:30 a.m., $29, diabetics welcome but must have permission slip signed by a doctor, home visits available to shut ins. Free Hearing Screening: 1:15 a.m.-noon, hearing aid batteries are available for only $2.50 for a package of four. Massage Therapy: Jan.19, 11 a.m.-1:15 p.m., ten minute chair message for $5, call to schedule an appointment SUPPORT SERVICES: Veteran's Agent: Palmer's Veteran's Agent, Debbie has left her position in Palmer. We will be working with the new agent for future appointments.here at the Senior Center.. Volunteer Drivers: Available to drive you to medical/doctor appointments, grocery shopping or the pharmacy; call to set up a ride. Emergency Preparedness Kits: Call the center if you have not received one. Free Legal Assistance: 8:30-9:30 a.m., you must call to schedule an appointment. Computer Classes: Every Thursday (except the 3rd Thurs.) at 10:45 a.m. Call to sign up. Breakfast: Every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 9:15 a.m., $2 donation. Lunch: Every Mon. and Wed. and Fri., 11:30 a.m., call 2 days in advance. Brown Bag: 11 a.m.-2 p.m. SHINE: Jan. 24 , 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Van Service: daily van is available Mon. through Fri. 8 a.m.-3:30 p.m., no can 11:30 a.m.-noon, call to schedule. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Cards: Every Mon., Wed. and Fri., 8:30 a.m. Trivia: Every Fri., 12:30 p.m. Coloring: Every Mon. (except movie day), noon Movies: First and third Mon. of every month at 12:30 p.m. Line Dancing: Every Thur., 1 p.m. Book Club: Every 2nd Wed. of the month, 1:30 p.m. Bingo: Every Mon., 12:30-3 p.m. Pool: Every Mon., 1-3 p.m. Painting Class: Every Tue., 1 p.m., $2 payable to the instructor. Quilting Class: Every Fri., 1 p.m. Crafts: Tue., 9 a.m., Dominoes: Wed. and Fri., 12:30 p.m. Cribbage: Wed., following lunch around 12:30 p.m. Depot Group: call center for information Pitch League: Every Tue., 12:30 p.m., thru Nov. 29. Zumba: Friday's 11:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m., $5 per class payable to the instructior. Line Dancing: Thursdays 1 p.m. cost is $3 payable to the instructor Charlene Fijol. SHELBURNE FALLS Senior Center 7 Maine St., Shelburne Falls, 01370 413-625-2502 Hours: Open Mon.-Thurs., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. WELLNESS/SERVICES Blood Pressure Clinic: 4th Tuesday, 10 a.m., with nurse Lisa White Foot Clinic: 3 Mondays per month, please call for an appointment. Reflexology: Feb. 8,14,28, please call for an appointment. Shine: 1st Wed., 10 a.m.-3 p.m., free Medicare plan assistance, please call for an appointment. Caregiver Support Group: 1st Mon., 2 p.m., for people caring for a loved one with Alzheimers or other form of dementia. Call Leanne for information, respite available. Outreach Worker: Mon.-Thur., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., social worker available for information, referrals, assistance with heating, food and housing support. Call for an appointment or walk in. Home Repair Program: For Ashfield, Buckland and Shelburne seniors. Small home repairs done by volunteers. Home owner pays for the materials. Call Leanne with project or if interested in volunteering. Van Transportation For Residents of 9 West County Towns: Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-4 p.m., medical, shopping and senior center activities. Call Bob for reservations. Meals: Mon., Tues., and Thur. 11:30 a.m., provided by Lifepath, $2.50 donation. Special Luncheons, 11:30 a.m. Jan. 25: Italian Day with comedienne Ellen Villani Feb. 22: Pot Roast and music of Loretta Lynn SPECIAL EVENTS Jan. 24: Health Challenge Kickoff, 11 a.m. Jan. 31: Housing Options Presentation at Buckland Library. Senior housing options and Home Modification Loan information. Free and open to anyone. Feb/March: Tax Return Free Prep, Fridays, Liberty Tax for income eligible residents, call for an appointment. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Aerobics: Tues. and Thur., 10 a.m. African Drumming: Mon., 1 p.m. Beginner Drawing Class: Starting Jan. 24, Tues. Bingo: Thur., 12:15-2 p.m. Bones and Balance: Wed., 10 a.m., Thur. in Ashfield., 9:30 am Cribbage Tournaments: Monthly, Feb. 8 Knitting: Thur. 10-11:30 a.m. Memoir Writing: most Fri., 10 a.m.-noon Tai Chi: Mon., 9:30 a.m. for beginners, 10 a.m., for intermediate, Wed., 9:30 a.m., in Ashfield, Thur., 10 a.m. Wii Bowling: Mon. and Tue., noon. Yoga: Wed. and Thur., 8:30 a.m. SOUTH COUNTY Senior Center 67 North Main St., South Deerfield, 01373-1012, 413-665-2141. Hours: Open Mon., Wed. and Fri., 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Aging Gracefully: Free support group, every other Monday, 6:30-9 p.m. Seeking Meals on Wheels Drivers: Receive a small stipend and mileage reimbursement. Wish list: Coffee & tea, regular and decaffeinated, small paper plates, cups, crackers and assorted snacks for morning coffee time, and bark mulch for front of building.. HEALTH INFORMATION Flu Clinics: Town of Deerfield Nurses Office on Wednesdays from 10 a.m.-2 p.m.; home visits are available, contact Lisa White at (413) 665-1400, ext. 114, for more info. Nurse: Available at Deerfield Town Hall Wednesdays, Nov. 23,10 a.m.-2 p.m., no appointment needed. LifePath Inc.: offers assistance through the Benefits Counseling program for income eligible seniors age 60 and up. Also they can help file applications for fuel assistance. Call 413-773-555or email info@LifePathMA.org. Community Health Care of Franklin County: offers medical and dental care to all ages regardless of insurance status or income. Located in Turners Falls, Orange and Greenfield, call 413-325-8500. SHINE: Call Bonnie, 413-773-5555, ext. 2287, to schedule an appointment. Free drug collection: Safely dispose of unwanted medications at the police station in Deerfield and Sunderland, no questions asked. Food Bank of Western Mass: There are area agencies that offer free hot meals and provide free groceries, call 1-800-247-9632 for info. Amherst Survival Center Free Health Clinic: Open Mondays, 12:30-1:30 p.m. and Thursdays 5-6 p.m. AEIOU Urgent Medical Care: Located at 170 University Drive, Amherst, (413) 461-3530 and 489 Bernardston Road, Greenfield, 413-773-1394. TRIAD: Assistive programs for seniors, call 413-774-4726. Franklin County Home Care: Offers assistance through Benefits Counseling Program and can help file applications for fuel assistance and find additional ways to save money, call 413-773-555 or email: info@fchcc.org; fchcc.org. New Veterans Agent Hours: Every third Wednesday from 12:30-2 p.m. No appointment necessary. Stroke Education: please call Sue if you have questions 413-665-9508. Balance In Motion: Oct. 7-Jan. 27, 2017, 9:30-10:30, a gentle form of exercise for body and mind, offered to those 55 years of age and up, please call 413-665-2141 to sign up or for more information. Foot Clinic: please call 413-665-9508 in advance for appointment. Seated Yoga: Thursdays from 10:45-11:45 a.m. with Marcia Gobeil. $8 walk in or $36 for six weeks. Call 413-665-2141 for more information. TRAVEL CLUB Farm Stand Fridays: 11-1 p.m., every Friday we have free vegetables available for seniors donated by Atlas Farm Stand. Movie: Monthly Tea Socials: Sewing Group: Knitting Circle: Mondays, 10 a.m.-noon at the Sunderland Library. UPCOMING EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Card games, 9 a.m.; exercise, 10 a.m.; water painting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Card games, 9 a.m; exercise, 10 a.m. Thursday: Seated yoga, 10:45 a.m., $8 walk-in or $36 for six weeks. Friday: Card games, 9 a.m.; bingo, 9:30 a.m.; balance in motion, 9:30 a.m.; healthy bones/balance exercise, 10:30 a.m.; social hour, 1 p.m. SOUTHAMPTON Council on Aging 210 College Highway, 413-529-2105. Hours: Mon.-Thurs., 8:30 a.m.-3 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Comfort doll knitting, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Osteo exercise class, 9 a.m. Wednesday: TOPS (take off pounds sensibly), 10 a.m.; Bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Computer class, 10 a.m. Sign up in advance. WALES Senior Center 3 Hollow Road, 413-245-9683. Bingo: 3rd Tuesday of each month, 10 a.m., win prizes, make friends & have fun, $1 a board. Blood Pressure Clinic: Free, 3rd Thursday of each month, 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Massage: 1st Tuesday of each month, 10 minutes, $5, appointment necessary, please call 413-245-9683. Foot Clinic: 1st Wednesday of each month, $30. Call for appointment, 413-245-9683. Monthly Birthday: Fourth Tuesday of each month, 12:30 p.m., cake and birthday recognition will be given out, feel free to join us for lunch prior to the party, sign up for lunch AND party no later than 2 days prior. Outreach Coordinator: Wednesdays and Thursdays by appointment, 10 a.m.-3 p.m., for fuel assistance and SNAP applications, etc. Trips: Call the Senior Center at 413-245-9683 for the latest information. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9:30 a.m., $2 donation; cribbage, 1-3 p.m.; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m.; SHINE councilor on staff for medical questions 1-3 p.m. by appt., (413) 245-9683. Tuesday: Lunch, noon, $3, must call the morning before to sign up, no exceptions, please; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. Wednesday: Breakfast 2nd and 4th Wed., 7:45-9:45 a.m., $3, call for reservations; Food Pantry, 10 a.m. - noon; Chair Yoga, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; Pitch League, noon-3 p.m.; mini gym, noon-2:30 p.m. Thursday: Chair dancing, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; lunch, noon, $3; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. WARE Senior Center 1 Robbins Road, 413-967-9645. Contact: townofware.com, click on “departments,” then “council on aging”. Van Rides: Need a ride? Call 413-967-9645. Please give two days notice, 9 a.m.-1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9 a.m., $4; scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; book club, last Monday of the month, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; yoga, 1 p.m., $5; Bingo 4:30- 8 p.m. Tuesday: Scat, 9 a.m.; osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; COA Board meeting, third Tuesday, 9:30 a.m.; chair massage, first and third Tuesday, 10 a.m.-noon, 30 minutes, $30, call for appointment; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m.; Writer's Club, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Foot nurse 8:30 a.m., every other month, call for appointment; tai chi, 9 a.m., $4.; Scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; birthday party, third Wednesday of the month, 11 a.m.; Walgreens blood pressure check/presentation, first Wednesday, 11:30 a.m.; Bingo,12:30 p.m.; blood drive, first Wednesday, 1-6 p.m. Thursday: Osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; line dancing, 10 a.m., $3; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Friday: Scat, 9 a.m.; lawn games, 9 a.m.; movie, 9:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Brown Bag program, second Friday, 11 a.m. WEST BROOKFIELD Senior Center 73 Central St. 508-867-1407. Clinics: Lipid panel and blood glucose screening, 12-hour fasting required, call 413-967-2488 for an appointment. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. ham radio, 7 p.m. Wednesday: Brown Bag It, noon; Wii, 10 a.m.; Crafty Ladies, 1 p.m., blood pressure, 11 a.m.; Silvertones, 1 p.m; veterans agent, 1 p.m. Thursday: Tai chi, 8:30 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Friday: Wii, 10 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m. WILBRAHAM Senior Center 45 Post Office Park, 413-596-8379. Alzheimer's Support Group: Last Tuesday of each month, 2-3 p.m., in the Brooks Room of the Wilbraham Library. Book Club: Third Thursday of the month, 2:30 - 3:30 p.m.. COA Board: First Wednesday, 4 p.m. HEALTH & FITNESS: Chair Massage: First Friday, $10 for 10 minutes, call to register. Blood Pressure Reading: Tuesdays, 11 a.m.-noon. Foot Care Nurses: available for home visits, $29, appointment needed. Reflexology: First and third Friday of each month, $10 for 15 minutes, call to make and appointment. Lunch: Monday, Tuesday, 11:45 a.m., reservations must be made the week prior. Quilting Club: Second and fourth Thursday, 1 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Gentle walking, noon; pitch, 12:30 p.m.; rug making, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Around Town; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; aerobics, 10:40 a.m.; blood pressure readings, 11 a.m.; knitting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Walmart; tai chi, 9 a.m.; Gentle Exercise class, 10:15 a.m.; line dance, 1:40 p.m.; zumba, 2 p.m. Thursday: Stop & Shop; tap dance, 9:30 a.m.; jazz class, 10 a.m.; chair exercises, 10 a.m.; dominoes, 11:30 a.m.; support group, 1 p.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Friday: Men's Breakfast Club, 8:30 a.m.; SHINE, 9 a.m.; zumba gold, 10:30 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 1:40 p.m. Mail items to The Republican, P.O. Box 1329, Springfield, MA 01102-1329, fax to 413-788-1301 or email to pluspapers@repub.com MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Search for Community events Select a Start Date See All Events  » Submit Your Events  » Most Read Active Discussions About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
GoSearch Replay: PIX11 News PIX11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us New York's PIX11 / WPIX-TV Menu News Metro Report Morning PIX Team Contests Traffic Transit Events Closings Weather 36° 36° Low 31° High 44° Mon 26° 38° Tue 35° 39° Wed 29° 45° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Sign up for PIX11 breaking news alerts with our app Orlando officer Debra Clayton remembered as a difference-maker Posted 10:50 PM, January 14, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, with the Orlando Police Department, was killed in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Department/Twitter) On the day she was laid to rest, Orlando police officer Debra Clayton received one final honor from her department. She was promoted to lieutenant. Clayton, 42, was killed Monday as she tried to confront a murder suspect at a Walmart. The suspect is still at large. Her chief, John Mina, told thousands of people gathered Saturday for a memorial service that Clayton did not die alone. “She was surrounded by blue,” he said. With fellow officers, family and friends in attendance, she was remembered at a touching ceremony at First Baptist Church of Orlando. Clayton was well-liked by her coworkers. “She’s going to be missed but never forgotten,” an Orlando officer told CNN affiliate WKMG. “She loved helping people. … We know she made a difference, and the rest of us will continue to try to live in her legacy.” Clayton’s flag-draped casket was brought into the church and a long line of people, many of them crying, came by to pay respects before the service. As it was carried from the hearse one boy saluted the fallen officer. Dozens of family members came for the service. Her brother, Rudy Thomas (not pictured), told the audience she loved deeply and wouldn’t sugarcoat her advice. “There wasn’t no fake-fake about it,” he said. “If she had anything to say that was on her mind, she would tell you and let you know.” Clayton’s body was taken to Woodlawn Memorial Park & Funeral Home. On the route, police officers from around the country lined the road. Many will attend another funeral Sunday for an Orange County Sheriff’s deputy, Norman Lewis, who was killed in a traffic accident while searching for Clayton’s killer. Debra Clayton was recently married and was a member of the Orlando Police Department for 17 years. Clayton devoted herself to helping young members of the community, Mina said earlier this week. Related stories Orlando officer gunned down while on duty; deputy sheriff dies chasing her killer: police Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Popular Large Kennedy Airport protest against Trump refugee detentions ends in jubilation as judge halts deportations 10 refugees still detained at JFK Airport; Cuomo, ACLU exploring ‘all legal options’ to help them Video captures student stabbing classmate in head with pen during brawl at NJ high school ‘Can you hear me?’ Scam has police warning people to hang up immediately Latest News Federal judge’s nationwide stay prevents deportation of immigrants from nations covered by Trump Muslim travel ban Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau welcomes refugees to Canada following Trump’s ban Trump’s immigration ban sends shockwaves as millions denied entry to United States Trump signs executive actions on lobbying, ISIS, NSC News Orlando officer gunned down while on duty; deputy sheriff dies chasing her killer: police News Orlando police capture man wanted in fatal shooting of sergeant, pregnant ex-girlfriend Nation/World Louisiana cop shot, killed after stopping to offer aid News Wife of Pulse nightclub gunman arrested in connection with Orlando mass shooting: FBI News Could police have saved UCLA student who was stabbed to death, set on fire? News Attacker killed, 11 hospitalized in Ohio State University attack News Suspect in killing of 2 Palm Springs police officers arrested Nation/World News Video shows Chicago cop beaten by suspect after she refused to shoot him over ‘scrutiny’ fears News Police identify suspect in fatal shooting that killed innocent bystander in the Bronx Nation/World Pulse nightclub: Chilling 911 tapes capture killer’s voice News ‘We have each other’: Police escort daughter of fallen officer to school News Gov. Cuomo: Judith Clark, radical convicted in deadly 1981 Brinks heist, ‘has the right to make her case’ News Disciplinary trial begins for NYPD officer who killed Ramarley Graham Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 220 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10017 212-949-1100 • Copyright © 2017, WPIX • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
null
Breaking News U.S.+ Crime + JusticeEnergy + EnvironmentExtreme WeatherSpace + Science U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram Orlando officer Debra Clayton remembered as a difference-maker By Steve Almasy, CNN Updated 9:53 PM ET, Sat January 14, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Slain Orlando officer was community activist Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Slain Orlando officer was community activist 02:17 Story highlights Clayton is promoted to lieutenant at her funeral 'She was surrounded by blue,' the police chief says (CNN)On the day she was laid to rest, Orlando police officer Debra Clayton received one final honor from her department. She was promoted to lieutenant. Clayton, 42, was killed Monday as she tried to confront a murder suspect at a Walmart. The suspect is still at large. Her chief, John Mina, told thousands of people gathered Saturday for a memorial service that Clayton did not die alone. "She was surrounded by blue," he said. With fellow officers, family and friends in attendance, she was remembered at a touching ceremony at First Baptist Church of Orlando. Read More Clayton was well-liked by her coworkers. "She's going to be missed but never forgotten," an Orlando officer told CNN affiliate WKMG. "She loved helping people. ... We know she made a difference, and the rest of us will continue to try to live in her legacy." Clayton's flag-draped casket was brought into the church and a long line of people, many of them crying, came by to pay respects before the service. As it was carried from the hearse one boy saluted the fallen officer. Dozens of family members came for the service. Her brother, Rudy Thomas (not pictured), told the audience she loved deeply and wouldn't sugarcoat her advice. "There wasn't no fake-fake about it," he said. "If she had anything to say that was on her mind, she would tell you and let you know." Clayton's body was taken to Woodlawn Memorial Park & Funeral Home. On the route, police officers from around the country lined the road. Many will attend another funeral Sunday for an Orange County Sheriff's deputy, Norman Lewis, who was killed in a traffic accident while searching for Clayton's killer. Debra Clayton was recently married and was a member of the Orlando Police Department for 17 years. Clayton devoted herself to helping young members of the community, Mina said earlier this week. CNN's Keith Allen contributed to this report. Content by LendingTree Rates now at 3.2% APR (15 Yr Fixed). Do you qualify? Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Can you save on your mortgage? The amazing VA benefits not enough vets are claiming People are stockpiling miles with this insane credit card Paid Partner Content Top 7 cards for excellent credit NextAdvisor 2017 predictions: The next big travel trends Departures 10 mind-blowing credit cards charging 0% interest until 2018 NextAdvisor Best health & wellness retreats to reboot Departures Trump's plan could make investors very wealthy The Motley Fool Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 29° Partly cloudy High: 41° | Low: 23° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. Paul LePage President-elect Donald Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Bruins Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener 2017 Source Sustainability Awards: Call for Nominations Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted January 14 Updated January 14 increase font size Retail ‘skill gap’ spurs entry-level training program As more people shop online, stores say they need workers who come in with more knowledge and can offer better service. By ANNE D'INNOCENZIOAssociated Press Share Comment Read Article NEW YORK — Trying to stem high turnover in store jobs, nonprofit groups and chains such as Wal-Mart, Home Depot and the Home Shopping Network are launching a program to help people develop the skills to land entry-level jobs and advance in a retail career. As more people shop online, stores say they need workers who come in with more knowledge and can offer better service. The training and credential program, led by the nonprofit arm of the National Retail Federation trade group, includes sales and inventory basics, dealing with customers, how to use technology like kiosks and more. “The skill gap is a huge challenge in America broadly,” said Ellen Davis, a senior vice president at the trade group and executive director of the NRF Foundation. “Talent is a significant challenge in retail at all levels.” More than 20 major retailers including Neiman Marcus and Ashley Stewart have pledged general support for the Rise Up program being launched Sunday. It’s part of a broader credential plan that would help workers move up that may include training for store supervisors and in specific areas like retail analytics. Thirty-two percent of all first jobs in the U.S. are in retail, the trade group says, and stores overall have more job openings now than they did a few years ago. Rising wages have increased competition for workers as people take better-paying jobs. The average hourly pay for cashiers and low-level retail sales staff is $9.26, according to a recent Hay Group study — a level labor groups say still isn’t enough to live on. The retail industry says store jobs can be a starting point toward bigger things. In stores, entry-level work isn’t just about folding clothes and ringing up sales. Beyond making change, the Rise Up program includes how to balance a cash drawer and checking for counterfeit currency. Employees also need to understand how stores and online sites work together, use up-to-date handhelds to check inventory, and solve customer-service issues. “It’s crisp, clear lessons,” said James Rhee, CEO of clothing chain Ashley Stewart, which is among the retailers including HSN Inc. that will give the credential weight in their hiring. “It’s not just about buying and selling. It’s extremely service-oriented, but it’s extremely more quantitative and it’s all about the innovation of technology.” The program offers 30 to 40 hours of classroom training or 15 hours of online training, and will be administered through nonprofit groups and public education partners. The overall cost is $50, but many students will be able to get subsidies. The retailers involved are encouraging local nonprofits or high schools to start using it. Some might fund groups in areas where they’re having a hard time hiring skilled workers. Some may use it to replace or supplement their own training. How much of an impact this first industry credential could have remains to be seen. It follows a hodgepodge of certificates backed by government or foundation grants that didn’t hold much sway. The NRF Foundation will evaluate the program at six to ten companies later this year to see if participants get jobs faster, stay longer and get raises faster. It’ll make changes if necessary after that. Wal-Mart, which has training academies for its own workers, said it won’t decide about using the credential in the hiring process until after the study. Dress for Success, which worked with the NRF Foundation on a pilot program in New York with nine women, has seen most of them find work — including at an online merchant, a discounter and a clothing retailer. “Our goal is to not just get them a job,” said Amy Tashjian, senior director of worldwide programs for Dress for Success, “but to continue to build their confidence and to help them not just get a job but a career.” Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Business Michelle Singletary: Decluttering is a lifelong challenge Business Week in review: 2016 a record year for home sales, bus ridership Business Maine man tackles commercial fishing – without a net Business International firearms dealer plans distribution site in Skowhegan Recent Read Shared Celtics top Bucks in overtime Saturday's high school roundup: Windham knocks off Edward Little Sports Digest: Kelly helps Red Claws earn split with Greensboro Saturday's Top 25 basketball: Kansas wins at Kentucky Saturday's Maine men's college roundup: UMaine wins in hockey Federal agency makes it clear: Even legal marijuana users can't buy guns Police consider charging Portland man who crashed into Downeaster train with 2 kids in car Sen. Angus King to vote against Betsy DeVos as education secretary 'We are in shock!' Friends, family mourn former Old Orchard Beach town councilor Bonny Eagle cheerleading coach accused of having sexual relationship with student An Italian lawmaker wants to make it a crime for parents to feed their kids vegan diets These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Estefans to feed homeless as their music starts Macy's parade Seaweed can help feed the world – but will we eat it? Solidarity Harvest corrals massive food drive to feed 8,000 Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Lakewood crime blotter: Man asks to go to jail Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Mumps outbreak in Denver Broncos’ run defense Anti-Trump protest at DIA Thornton man gets 9th DUI Vonn crashes again Nuggets rising star News YourHub Lakewood crime blotter: Man asks to go to jail Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) This week in the South JeffCo crime blotter By Provided by Law Enforcement | January 16, 2017 at 4:52 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Iranian couple, Syrian mother and baby stopped at DIA as protesters rallied in main terminal against new policy Tale of two states: North Dakota has $4 billion saved from oil and gas taxes; Colorado has almost none Water main break causes road closures in the Highlands Criminally negligent homicide charge added in death of CSP trooper Editorial: An imperfect bill to train school staff to use concealed weapons Two boys, 2 and 6, found in vehicle outside Colorado Springs bar, parents cited Man asks to go to jail. Lakewood police responded to an argument between father and son Jan. 1 in the 6000 block of West Jefferson Place where the son had punched two holes in a wall. When police arrived, the son approached them and told the officers to take him to jail and that he was upset over his father giving some of his belongings to a friend. During this conversation, he flipped off his father. The son was taken to jail and charged with mischief. Spark plug wires cut. On Dec. 28, a man called police to report that someone had cut his spark plug wires on his car in the 2100 block of Zephyr Street, Lakewood. The man said this was the second time in a week that this had happened. The first time he believed it to be animals, but now thinks a person is responsible. Fraudulent return reported. On Dec. 28, Lakewood police responded to Walmart, 7455 W. Colfax Ave., Lakewood, on a report of a fraudulent return. The suspect reportedly found a receipt in the parking lot, went into the store, selected items on the receipt and attempted to return them. He was told not to return to the store. Suspect breaks windows, hits man with car. Lakewood police responded to a disturbance Dec. 29 where a man was breaking windows with a bat and trying to run a man over with his truck in the 1100 block of South Allison Street. The suspect was an old co-worker of the victim and confronted the victim when he came outside. The suspect was not located. Tags:  crime blotter Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in YourHub Arvada Crime Blotter: Man runs from cab fare for six blocks January 25, 2017, 2:56 pm This week’s Arvada crime blotter includes a man who ran for six blocks to escape his cab fare, a young couple who stole more than $400 worth of merchandise from Big 5, a very impaired driver and a nasty case of road rage. Aurora Crime Blotter: Restaurant burglar leaves empty-handed January 25, 2017, 2:54 pm The neighbor of a man who lives in the 1400 block of North Moline Street called him Jan. 6 because he said he saw someone drive up to the man’s car and smash out the back window in the middle of the night before driving off. Adams County Crime Blotter: Woman cited for throwing items in the road January 25, 2017, 2:53 pm A witness called police to the bus stop at East 60th Avenue and Dahlia Street in Commerce City because a woman waiting for the bus there Dec. 28 was belligerently rambling and throwing things from her Walmart cart into the street. Business Q&A: Olde Town Flower Shoppe, Arvada January 25, 2017, 2:50 pm What was once Fiori di Flavio is now the Olde Town Flower Shoppe and is offering incredible services for all flower related needs in Arvada. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC FBI Arrests Noor Salman, Widow Of Orlando Shooter, Outside San Francisco by Jay Barmann in News on Jan 16, 2017 9:45 am A family photo of Noor Salman with Omar Mateen and their son, via Facebook. Noor Zahi Salman, the 30-year-old widow of Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen, was arrested Monday morning at the home where she's been living with family in the Bay Area, and will be making her first appearance in federal court in San Francisco on Tuesday. As the New York Times reports, the extent of the charges against Salman have not been revealed, but a source tells the paper that she has at least been charged with obstruction of justice in connection with the June 12, 2016 mass shooting that claimed the lives of 49 people and injured 53 others. It is considered the worst mass shooting in US history. Prosecutors have been trying to determine ever since how much Salman knew of her husband's plans, and whether she aided and abetted them. And it looks as though the interview Salman gave to the Times in November was as much to clear her name in federal prosecutors' eyes as in the eyes of the public. In that interview, she and her own hired domestic abuse expert made the case for the fact that as an abused wife, she was simply trying to survive herself and protect her three-year-old son, and she was "unaware of everything" when it came to Mateen's intention to commit mass murder. That runs contrary to statements she gave to investigators shortly after the shooting, as CBS News reported, in which she allegedly said she tried to stop her husband from committing the attack. We know that in the hours after the attack took place, while Mateen was still barricaded inside club, he posted to Facebook and texted his wife to ask if she had seen the news. We also know that Mateen was in the vicinity of the nightclub for several hours that Saturday night before he finally stormed the entrance and began shooting  and the implication has been that he could have been in contact with Salman then as well. Salman accompanied Mateen, along with their son, on trips to Disney World twice, in both April and June of last year, and investigators believe both trips happened so that Mateen could case the amusement park for a potential attack. Salman also admitted she had driven to Pulse nightclub with Mateen, and had driven him to purchase ammunition at a Walmart  something she would later say in the Times interview was simply a routine errand because her husband carried a weapon as a security guard, went to a shooting range, and the ammunition was cheapest at Walmart. She says she knew her husband watched ISIS videos on YouTube and may have become radicalized over the year prior to the shooting, and investigators found many books on Islam in the apartment the couple shared in Fort Pierce, Florida. Salman submitted to hours of interviews, as well as a polygraph examination, following the attack, and the FBI has been cagey about what they've discovered since, or what they might ultimately charge her with. As we learned shortly after the tragedy, Salman grew up in the East Bay town of Rodeo where her family may still be residing, and she returned to live there after divorcing her first husband, staying until 2013, when she married Mateen. She returned again to live with family sometime after the shooting last year, and in December it came to light that she had filed a petition in Contra Costa County court to legally change the name of her son, who shares a last name with his father, and has his father's first name, Omar, as a middle name. She said in the November Times interview, "I just want people to know that I am human. I am a mother." Previously: Widow Of Orlando Nightclub Shooter Files Petition In East Bay Court To Change Son's Name Orlando Shooter's Wife Grew Up In The East Bay, May Face Charges As Many As 10,000 Attend Castro Rally, March To City Hall In Honor Of Orlando Shooting Victims Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. twitter facebook reddit print crime fbi noor salman omar mateen orlando shooting Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. best of sfist The 10 Best Unsung Bistros In San Francisco Eight SF Antidotes To The Inauguration (Besides Drinking Actual Poison) The 12 Best Mac & Cheese Dishes In SF and Oakland Nine Ways To Kick Off A Cleanse, Juice And Otherwise The 15 Best New SF Restaurants Of 2016   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report News Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Local Guide Today's Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â News Basketball star Overton urges audience to nurture King’s dreams Lincoln University basketball coach Doug Overton, right, sits with Oxford Educational Foundation head Ray Fischer shortly before the Spirit of Giving Luncheon on Monday. Chris Barber — Digital First Media By Chris Barber, Daily Local News Posted: 01/16/17, 4:22 PM EST | Updated: 1 week, 5 days ago # Comments Luncheon speaker and head Lincoln University Basketball Coach Doug Overton, middle, greets members of the Oxford High School basketball team. Chris Barber — Digital First Media OXFORD >> Former LaSalle University and NBA basketball star, and recently appointed Lincoln University Men’s Basketball Coach Doug Overton told his Spirit of Giving Luncheon audience to believe in dreams and help nurture them in others. On Monday, the holiday dedicated to the memory and message of Civil Rights Leader Martin Luther King Jr., he said fulfilling dreams was the spirit of King’s “I Have a Dream” speech. Overton, who grew up and lives in Philadelphia and went on to play at college and internationally as well as coach, said he could not have believed the dreams he achieved. “I can’t help thinking about where I came from and where I am now as I drive that hour to (Lincoln) every day,” he said. He said sometimes he was asked what he would do if he could not play basketball. “I was inspired by teachers and got my bachelor’s degree in elementary school special education. Now as I coach, I’m teaching at a university. I’m living that dream,” he said. Advertisement He told his audience of about 100 at the Penn’s Grove Middle School event that we are all here to give. “Our responsibility to others is to make dreams come true,” he said. Hearkening back to King, he said there was much in his message about civil rights and equality, “But that’s really about making dreams come true for everyone.” As an example, he talked about his daughter, who told him when she was young that she wanted to go to science camp in the summer. So they searched out a great science camp for her. Now her dream is coming true in that she is a freshman at Yale University majoring in microbiology. “I ask her who her father is,” he joked. Toward the conclusion of his 15-minute talk, he said it was actually more important to him to contribute to the community than to win games, although he said earlier that he hopes to bring Lincoln University back to being considered a basketball power. In that connection, he has established free basketball camps for inner city children throughout his career, and when he was invited to become the coach at Lincoln in June, he hastily put together a camp there for children 8 to 16 years old last summer. He added that it was a challenge because there was still scouting and coaching to do before the start of the new school season, but jumping onto community service was very important to him and he heeded the call. “I love Lincoln. Some of my family members went to Lincoln,” he said. He added that he wants to become even more a part of the Oxford community. “I’m always at the Saw Mill (restaurant), Walmart and Dunkin’ Donuts. Whenever you need me, just call,” he said. He told his mostly white audience to come and visit at a Lincoln University basketball game and that, because Lincoln is “99.9 percent black” he would quickly recognize them in the audience. Overton was invited to speak at the annual luncheon by former Oxford Area School District Superintendent Raymond Fischer. That event was begun in 1990 to support Oxford’s Neighborhood Services. Neighborhood Services Director Cheryl McConnell spoke briefly and said, “It’s all about volunteerism.” In the past year the organization has supplied 250 gift baskets for children at Christmas, 124 food boxes and 178 coats. Last year, they gave 120,000 pounds of food. Also on hand was state Rep. John Lawrence, R-13, and Chester County Commissioner Terence Farrell, who grew up at Lincoln with both parents working there. Farrell said that next year will be the 50th anniversary of the assassination of King. He said “It’s great we’re living his legacy.” Members of Oxford High School’s Interact Club helped serve the meal, and the school’s varsity basketball team joined the group for lunch and a photo with Overton. The master of ceremonies was community activist Jim McLeod, who also started the Spirit of Giving Luncheon with his wife and others years ago. Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! About the Author Chris Barber is the zone editor of the Avon Grove Sun. She is a lifelong resident of Kennett Square and a graduate of Unionville High School and Carleton College majoring in religion and minoring in astronomy. She is the founder of the Kennett Area YMCA. Reach the author at cbarber@21st-centurymedia.com . Full bio and more articles by Chris Barber Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
null
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 26° Mostly cloudy High: 38° | Low: 19° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Politics Local & State Politics More in Politics Politics Capitol Ticker Blog Sports More in Sports High School Sports Red Sox Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Bruins College Portland Pirates Sea Dogs Maine Red Claws Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community More in Community Celebrations Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Lifestyle Source Source Awards Books Things to Do Sudoku Crossword MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Local Offers More in Local Offers test Obituaries Jobs Auto More in Auto New Cars Index Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Cops & Courts Posted January 16 Updated January 16 increase font size Morning Sentinel Jan. 16 police log Waterville area police reports for Jan. 16, 2017. Share Comment Read Article IN ANSON, Monday at 4:10 a.m., debris or dumping was reported on River Road. IN BURNHAM, Monday at 8:19 a.m., a structure fire leveled a garage on Whitten Road and killed five goats. IN CANAAN, Sunday at 5:13 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Equipment Lane. IN CARRABASSETT VALLEY, Sunday at 12:24 a.m., a disturbance was reported on Main Street. 9:58 a.m., theft was reported on Main Street. 7 p.m., theft was reported on Carrabassett Drive. 10:06 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Alder Brook Lane. 10:37 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Main Street. IN FAIRFIELD, Sunday at 12:53 p.m., shoplifting was reported on Main Street. IN FARMINGTON, Sunday at 12:40 p.m., theft was reported on Wilton Road. 2:01 p.m., juvenile offenses were reported on Wilton Road. IN JACKMAN, Sunday at 5:06 p.m., theft was reported on Main Street. IN MADISON, Sunday at 5:10 p.m., theft was reported on Lakewood Road. 8:34 p.m., a harassment complaint was taken on Pinewood Drive. IN NEW SHARON, Sunday at 3:33 p.m., theft was reported on Mercer Road. IN NORRIDGEWOCK, Sunday at 12:31 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Hotel Street. 3:23 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Walker Road. 10:16 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Willow Street. IN PITTSFIELD, Sunday at 6:55 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Mount Road. IN RANGELEY, Sunday at 12:22 a.m., a disturbance was reported on Main Street. IN RIPLEY, Sunday at 4:50 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Todds Corner Road. IN SKOWHEGAN, Sunday at 2:52 p.m., trespassing was reported on Madison Avenue. 4:48 p.m., theft was reported on Water Street. 6:28 p.m., a harassment complaint was taken on Mountain View Terrace. 8:17 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Indian Ridge. 9:21 p.m., loud noise or music was reported on Julie Court. 9:44 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Parkman Hill Road. 11:10 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Milburn Street. IN WATERVILLE, Sunday at 6 a.m., criminal trespassing was reported on Main Street. 8:04 a.m., harassing or obscene calls were reported on Morgan Street. 8:32 a.m., an unwanted person was reported on Silver Street. 2:19 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Center Street. 3:03 p.m., shoplifting was reported at Wal-Mart in Waterville Commons. 4:11 p.m., theft was reported at The Big Apple on Elm Street. 4:39 p.m., criminal mischief was reported on Summer Street. 5:49 p.m., harassment was reported on Myrtle Street. Monday at 12:26 a.m., threatening was reported on Kennedy Memorial Drive. 7:39 a.m., debris or dumping was reported on I-95 southbound. IN WILTON, Sunday at 9:45 a.m., theft was reported on Wilson Lake. IN WINSLOW, Sunday at 9:34 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Abbott Road. 12:05 p.m., criminal mischief was reported on North Pond Road. 7:11 p.m., an unwanted person was reported on Benton Avenue. ARRESTS IN FRANKLIN COUNTY, Friday, Francis Keggins, 70, of Wilton, was arrested on a warrant. Saturday, Darcy Ellis, 47, of Starks, was arrested on a charge of violating a condition of release. Heath Blood, 40, of Jay, was arrested on charges of domestic violence criminal threatening and domestic violence criminal mischief. Joseph Anderson, 28, of Jay, was arrested on a charge of disorderly conduct. Michael McKeene, 50, of Canton, was arrested on a warrant. Sunday, Carrie Judd, 38, of Jay, was arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle under the influence. Kristen Powers, 22, of Farmington, was arrested on a warrant. Monday, Damon Haggan, 22, of Jay, was arrested on charges of violating conditions of release and operating a vehicle after a suspension. IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Sunday at 4:33 p.m., Kaleb Oscar Bowring, 23, of Norridgewock, was arrested on a warrant. 5:30 p.m., Justin P. Cornforth, 38, of Madison, was arrested on a warrant. SUMMONSES IN WATERVILLE, Sunday at 3:03 p.m., Jane Marie Hei, 30, of Waterville, was summoned on a charge of theft by unauthorized taking or transfer. IN WINSLOW, Sunday at 11:19 p.m., Justin J. Gaudet, 38, of China, was summoned on a charge of operating an unregistered vehicle for more than 150 days. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Recent Read Shared Cony hockey responds against Kings Gardiner hockey blanks Brewer Morning Sentinel Jan. 28 police log Sidelines: Pats fans need to tune out the haters Strong second half lifts Colby to win over rival Bowdoin Two arrested after Waterville drug deal gone bad leads to wounds Madison man arrested on heroin charges after drug raid Winslow school bus veers off road into ditch Woman whose husband, son died in Washington fire describes last moments with her family Head-on crash Wednesday morning in Farmingdale blocks Maine Avenue Breastfeeding pilots' claims against airline seen as progress NTSB says truck damaged track before Amtrak train derailed in Kansas These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps N.C. judge scolds woman for breast-feeding in court More mouths than ever to feed at Skowhegan Community Food Cupboard Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Freeport police arrest Chicago man for March retail theft Monday Jan 16, 2017 at 2:53 PM Jan 16, 2017 at 2:53 PM Susan Vela Staff writer @susanvela FREEPORT — Freeport police arrested Terry Deberry, 45, of Chicago on Friday in connection to a retail theft crime they say he committed in March. Shawnee Correctional Center officials were expected to release Deberry for parole when Freeport police officers took him into custody because of a warrant issued March 31, Freeport Police Department Lt. Andrew Schroeder said. Wal-Mart employees caught Deberry stealing two 20-inch, touch-screen computers valued at about $840, Schroeder said. They were able to get his license plate number while he drove away. Deberry faces charges of burglary and retail theft with a prior conviction. His bond is set at $50,000. Susan Vela: 815-987-1392; svela@rrstar.com; @susanvela About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Purchase Photos E-Edition Contact Us Gas Prices Submit News Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Market Place Classifieds Cars Rentals Coupons Community Info City of Freeport Stephenson County Carroll County Ogle County Jo Daviess County Sports iHigh IHSA HighSchoolSports.net Sign up for our Daily Deals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Standard ~ 50 West Douglas Street #900, Freeport, IL 61032 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Public Safety Government Education Nation & World State 815 Columns Shareable Databases Sports Gridiron (Prep Football) Preps College Professional UPICK'EM Auto Racing Entertainment Advice Life Celebrations Columnists TV Guide Calendar Opinion Our View Freeport Chuck Sweeny Guest Columns Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Rebuilding Neighborhoods Season of Giving Freeport Favorites Made in NW Illinois RRV Insider TV Book Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Martin Luther King, institutions and power (Commentary) King Memorial Rev. Bobby Turner or Columbus, Ohio, places his hand on the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial, Thursday, Aug. 22, 2013, in Washington. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) Print Email Op-Ed Commentary By Op-Ed Commentary masslive.com on January 16, 2017 at 3:09 PM comments A common placard held up that day read, "Civil Rights Plus Full Employment Equals Freedom," a powerful economic equation indeed. By Jared Bernstein Special to the Washington Post Jared BernsteinFile photo  When the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated in 1968, he was in Memphis, supporting striking sanitation workers. By that time in his crusade for racial justice, he had elevated full employment to a key plank in his platform. The full name of the March on Washington was the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom. A common placard held up that day read, "Civil Rights Plus Full Employment Equals Freedom," a powerful economic equation indeed. In my experience, too few people remember this aspect of King's movement, instead emphasizing his stirring spiritual commitment to racial inclusion. But King was of course thoroughly versed in the reality of the institutional barriers blocking blacks and his unique genius was to combine deep spiritual awareness with an equally deep understanding of the role of power in economic outcomes. That's one reason he was in Memphis, supporting the union. In 1967, King called for "a radical redistribution of economic and political power." He particularly understood the power, for better or worse, of American institutions, most notably of course, the institution of racism, which so successfully blocked African Americans from decent homes, jobs, schools and opportunities. But countervailing institutions existed within his vision as well, including the church and the union, and, if it could be forced to live up to its promise, the government. Even the institutions of the consumer economy and the job market could, with the right force and strategy, including boycotts that flexed black consumer muscle and equal opportunity laws, be nudged in the direction of racial justice. To some readers, this "institutional" framework may be confusing. What do I mean by referencing the consumer or job markets or racism or unions, as "institutions"? This certainly doesn't square with the classic economic explanation of how the economy works: profit-maximizing individuals achieving optimal social welfare by each individual pursuing their goals. The institutional framework, with its emphasis on historical, legal and cultural practices (norms) embedded in economic systems, stands in stark contrast to the market forces framework. Surely no one could question whether the legal system or the housing market black people faced in King's time, not to mention our own, promoted objective, blind justice. Discrimination in schools, the economy, and almost every other walk of life could not and cannot possibly be viewed as a fair or merit-based system. Honoring King's vision and legacy thus requires not simply remembering his most well-known dream: a racially inclusive society very different from the one that existed in his, or sadly, our own time. It requires recognizing the need to redistribute the power from the oppressive, exclusionary institutions, many of the same ones – housing, schools, criminal justice, the economy – he fought for until the day he was taken from us. What does honoring that vision mean today? Although I certainly don't advocate giving up on President-elect Donald Trump's administration before it has started, all signs suggest that it and the Republican-led Congress will hurt, not help, the economically less advantaged. Republican budgets threaten to undermine the safety net, Trump's proposed tax policy squanders fiscal resources on tax cuts for the rich, undermining opportunities for those stuck in places without adequate educational or employment opportunities. There's talk among Republicans of trying to get more states to pass "right to work" laws that undermine unions and cut workers' pay. Listening to Ben Carson's hearing for secretary of housing and urban development quickly disabuses one of hope that he'll tackle the legacy of segregated housing that remains a serious problem. As far as reforming the institutionalized racism the remains embedded in our criminal justice and policing systems, again, it's awfully hard to be hopeful. There are, however, many levels of institutional norms, laws and practices. The Fight for Fifteen has been immensely successful in raising minimum wages at the state and sub-state levels. I can't prove this, but I'd bet that without Black Lives Matter, there would be no "blistering report" from the Justice Department on the racial practices of the Chicago Police Department. The activist group "Fed Up" has had great success elevating the issue of economic justice as regards Federal Reserve policy, a policy area that even liberal presidents have avoided getting into. As I recently wrote regarding "ban the box," a policy designed to give job-seekers with criminal records a fairer shot at employment: Nineteen states and over 100 cities and counties have already taken similar action for government employees, and seven states (Hawaii, Illinois, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, Oregon and Rhode Island) plus Washington, DC and 26 cities and counties have extended ban the box policies to cover private employers. Some private businesses, including Walmart, Koch Industries, Target, Starbucks, Home Depot, and Bed, Bath & Beyond, have also adopted these policies on their own. This last part about the private businesses is instructive. The Selma bus boycott was, of course, in no small part an economic action: Black people would not pay for discrimination. Regarding full employment, King realized that at high levels of unemployment, it's costless to discriminate against a significant swath of potential workers. But when the job market tightens up, discriminating against a needed worker means leaving profit on the table. Especially in the age of Trump, when so many Americans feel as if representative democracy is seriously on the ropes, it seems a no-brainer to channel King and once again tap the power of boycotts and leaning on businesses to do the right thing. It makes no sense at all to cede this field to Trump as he nonsensically claims (and gets) credit for job creation that already was happening. My intuition is that many businesses, as in the ban-the-box example, would be willing to help push back on the institutional injustices that persist. Higher and more equal pay scales, implementation of the updated, higher overtime threshold that was wrongly blocked by a Texas judge (in fact, many businesses, to their credit, have gone ahead with this change), not blocking collective bargaining if their workers want to exercise that right, flexible scheduling policies that help parents balance work and family - there's no reason for progressives not to fight for these ideas at the sub-national level and the private sector. Although these sub-national fights are more likely where the action is for the next few years, meaningful action is developing at the national level as well. King would have easily recognized the Trump phenomenon as the work of exclusive institutions once again grabbing the power and would have organized accordingly and effectively. As we speak, many of us are trying to block the repeal of health-care reform in this spirit. The Indivisible Movement and the Women's March would also have been highly familiar to Dr. King. But on whatever level or in whatever sector the fight takes place, as we celebrate King's indelible contributions, let us recall his understanding of power, the institutions that power supported and his admonitions to us not to rest until much more of that power lies in the hands of those who still command far too little of it. Jared Bernstein, a former chief economist to Vice President Biden, is a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities and author of the new book "The Reconnection Agenda: Reuniting Growth and Prosperity." Opinion resources Submit a Letter to the Editor Cries & Whispers Archive: Editorials from The Republican Active Discussions Most Read About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Close menu News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Entertainment Business Lifestyle Community Bulletin Board Opinion Health Sport Youth People Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Copyright ©2016, Interactive One, LLC . All Rights Reserved - Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Entertainment Business Lifestyle Community Bulletin Board Opinion Health Sport Youth People Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List National Home > National Slain Orlando sergeant remembered for serving her community Posted 2 weeks ago. Mike Schneider, Associated Press Writer Leave a comment 36 reads Family file in to the church for funeral services for Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton at the First Baptist Church in Orlando on Saturday, Jan. 14, 2017.  (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — An Orlando police sergeant who was gunned down was remembered Saturday at her funeral service as someone who put everyone at ease with her infectious smile and made every effort to bridge the gap between law enforcement and the community it served. Sgt. Debra Clayton read books to children at elementary schools, would clean the homes of elderly residents and was a motherly figure to young people lacking parental guidance, said Orlando Police Chief John Mina and U.S. Rep. Val Demings, a former Orlando police chief. “She was forever using her resources and others’ too, anyone else she could bring along, to help somebody else,” said Demings, who promoted Clayton to the rank of sergeant in 2007. “Buying washing machines, food, clothing, looking for housing for people who didn’t have it …Debra Clayton was willing to do more than she was paid to do.” Mina said at the service that he was posthumously promoting the 42-year-old Clayton to the rank of lieutenant. Debra Clayton (Courtesy Photo) Clayton loved programs that involved working with young children or helping people because “it helped humanize police officers,” Mina said. The service was attended by Gov. Rick Scott, Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi and hundreds of officers and deputies from all over Florida and beyond. Before the service, friends and family members wept openly as they walked by the American-flag-draped open casket. Outside, four helicopters flew overhead outside and then one peeled away in what is known as a “missing man” formation. Orlando Police Department Chaplain Andrew Wade urged the law enforcement officers not to be consumed by their anger over how Clayton died. Authorities say Clayton was gunned down outside a Wal-Mart store in Orlando last Monday after she approached 41-year-old Markeith Loyd, who was wanted for the murder of his pregnant girlfriend at the time. Hundreds of officers and deputies have been searching for him since Monday, and a $100,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest. Clayton had worked for the Orlando Police Department for 17 years, most recently as a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot. She previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer. The master sergeant was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse nightclub in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June’s massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Clayton, who is survived by her husband and adult son, had recently authored a book on the topic of law enforcement bridging the gap with the community they served, and written it from a black officer’s perspective, said Sharon Edgecombe, her former co-worker. As someone who grew up in tough circumstances, Clayton wouldn’t accept excuses from people who committed crimes, Edgecombe said. “You could bet they got a stern lecture on their way to jail,” she said. Also On New Pittsburgh Courier: Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 22 photos Launch gallery Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 1. Chris Rock 1 of 22 2. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend 2 of 22 3. Sylvester Stallone & His Wife 3 of 22 4. Pharrell Williams 4 of 22 5. Kerry Washington 5 of 22 6. Rachel McAdams and Michael B. Jordan 6 of 22 7. Mindy Kaling 7 of 22 8. Andra Day 8 of 22 9. The Weeknd 9 of 22 10. Kevin Hart (R) with fiancee Eniko Parrish 10 of 22 11. Common 11 of 22 12. Priyanka Chopra 12 of 22 13. Lady Gaga 13 of 22 14. Whoopi Goldberg 14 of 22 15. Sofia Vergara 15 of 22 16. Dorith Mous 16 of 22 17. Robin Roberts 17 of 22 18. Leonardo DiCaprio 18 of 22 19. Brie Larson 19 of 22 20. Charlize Theron 20 of 22 21. Olivia Wilde 21 of 22 22. Jennifer Lawrence 22 of 22 Skip ad Continue reading Slain Orlando sergeant remembered for serving her community Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. × Like What You See? Sign Up for New Pittsburgh Courier's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Get It On Your Doorstep Most Popular The life and achievements of Martin Luther King Jr. Passionate, proud Franklin named first permanent Black head football coach at Penn State We Caught That: 5 Epic Moments Black People Noticed At Trump’s Inauguration Black rednecks and affluent Black assumptions Meet the people who marched in solidarity across Pittsburgh and D.C. Homewood Café offers coffee and uniqueness in community Get Informed! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Copyright ©2016, Interactive One, LLC . All Rights Reserved - Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants emergency stay temporarily HALTING deportation of visa holders detained at US airports after nationwide protests Uber CEO pledges to compensate 'thousands of its drivers' affected by Trump's immigration ban after critics accuse the company of 'colluding with Trump' Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow among several stars to celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to match up to $100,000 in donations to the ACLU What does the emergency stay of execution mean for detained travelers and what happens next? Female intruder snuck into GOP retreat using fake credentials saying she was a congressman's wife on the day of Trump's speech in embarrassing security breach Snack smugglers beware! Posh New York theater shames movie fans bringing in their own food and warns culprits they will be forced to eat in isolation  New York plans to install vast system of facial recognition cameras that matches drivers licenses to social media accounts at bridges and tunnels  FedEx delivery driver lauded as a hero after stopping protesters from lighting American flag on fire Distraught woman facing deportation to Chile attempts suicide at JFK Airport 24 hours before Trump's immigration ban Decapitated bodies of three police officers are found in southern Mexico in suspected cartel-related torture and slaying  Florida grandmother is arrested after she 'stabbed her daughter and murdered her son' while her two blood-stained grandchildren watched in horror 10 people injured in mass shooting during party at National Guard Armory building in Tennessee California Governor Jerry Brown to get further prostate cancer treatment starting in February but will maintain his full work schedule 'Let them eat cake': Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5,000 gown with Jared ahead of swanky dinner amid deportation row  Iran will retaliate against Trump's immigration ban by 'limiting visas to American tourists' - as Canadian PM Trudeau says they will take in anyone refused by the U.S.  Chaos at JFK: Protesters descend on airport after 12 travelers are held overnight in confusion at Trump immigration ban - with only two released 'We are equals': Trump and Putin vow to maintain 'regular personal contact' in their first call, discuss international terror and peace in the Middle East - but avoid talking about U.S. sanctions against Russia Trump gives Pentagon 30 days to come up with ISIS strategy as he restructures National Security Council to give Steve Bannon a regular seat  Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be turned around at the border under Trump's executive order  NBA calls for Trump to clarify his immigration ban as players including Sudanese-born Luol Deng and Thon Maker face travel problems British Olympic gold medal winner Mo Farah faces being BANNED from returning to his family in America under Trump's immigration crackdown on people from his Somali homeland 'We wouldn't exist without immigration': Apple CEO Tim Cook slams Trump's executive order as Mark Zuckerberg and Google lead the outcry from Silicon Valley 'Trump is right!' Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu hails the president's border plans because the wall separating them from Egypt is a 'great success' Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic jihadist immigrants Previous Next Wife of Pulse nightclub killer is arrested for helping him carry out attack by 'providing material support' to terror group and obstructing justice  Noor Salman, 30, was arrested at home in San Francisco, California, on Monday The 30-year-old is accused of obstructing justice and aiding and abetting Police say she helped her husband by providing material support to terror group Omar Mateen killed 49 people at Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida, on June 12 The 29-year-old was eventually shot dead by police after a four hour rampage  FBI agents earlier accused Salman of going with her husband to scout the club She said they were only in Orlando to take their three-year-old son to Disneyland Salman will appear in court in Oakland on Tuesday and is expected to be extradited to Florida  By Jennifer Smith For Dailymail.com Published: 12:07 EST, 16 January 2017 | Updated: 17:23 EST, 16 January 2017 e-mail 1.5k shares 132 View comments The wife of the Pulse nightclub gunman has been arrested for helping him carry out the attack by supporting the terrorist group he dedicated it to. Noor Salman, 30, was arrested by FBI agents in San Francisco, California, on Monday for obstruction of justice and aiding and abetting by providing material support to a terrorist organization.  Orlando Police confirmed she was charged with helping her husband Omar Mateen 'in the commission' of the attack.  Authorities would not reveal specifically how they believe she helped him, what material support they believe she gave to the group or whether she knew what he was planning.  Salman will appear before a judge in Oakland, California, on Tuesday morning and is later expected to be extradited to Florida.  Mateen was shot dead by police after massacring 49 people in the gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, on June 12.  Scroll down for video  Noor Salman (left) was arrested on Monday morning on suspicion of obstruction of justice. Her husband Omar Mateen (right) killed 50 people at Pulse nightclub in Orlando last year. The pair are seen above with their young son She agreed to be photographed by the New York Times after the attack when she sat for her only interview - but she would not show her face, shown here Orlando Police Chief John Mina said he was 'glad someone will be held accountable' for the attack.  'Today, the FBI took Noor Salman, the wife of Pulse nightclub gunman Omar Mateen, into custody on charges of aiding and abetting by providing material support to a terrorist organization and Obstruction of Justice.  'I am glad to see that Omar Mateen's wife has been charged with aiding the commission of the brutal attack on the Pulse nightclub.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Tunisian police 'deliberately wasted time getting to scene... Turkish New Year's Eve nightclub attack that claimed 39... Share this article Share 'Federal authorities have been working tirelessly on this case for months and we are grateful that they have seen to it that some measure of justice will be served in this act of terror that has affected our community so deeply. 'Nothing can erase the pain we all feel about the senseless and brutal murders of 49 of our neighbors, friends, family members and loved ones.  'But today, there is some relief in knowing that someone will be held accountable for that horrific crime,' he said in a statement.  The US Attorney's Office for the District of Middle Florida would not share details behind how, specifically, Salman is accused of helping her husband on Monday.  Agents first suspected Salman of going with her husband to scout out the nightclub weeks before the attack. They also questioned her over her presence when Mateen was buying ammunition and a holster at a Walmart.  Salman (left) previously claimed she was 'unaware' of her husband's murderous plan. She will appear in court in San Francisco on Tuesday  The US Attorney's Office for the District of Middle Florida would not share details behind how, specifically, Salman is accused of helping her husband on Monday She said the pair had visited Orlando, a two hour drive from their Fort Pierce home, to take their young son to Disneyland.  Disneyland officials reported the family to authorities at the time, claiming they behaved suspiciously during their visit.  Salman said she thought nothing of her husband buying ammunition and a gun holster because he was a security guard.   His purchasing of ammunition and weapons were not unusual, she said, because of her husband's job as a security guard. The pair exchanged text messages during Mateen's four-hour rampage on June 12. Salman sent a message to her husband after 2am after being woken by a phone call from his mother asking where he was.  'Do you see what is happening?' he responded. She text back 'no' to which he replied 'I love you, babe.'   In her only interview since the atrocity, she told The New York Times: 'I was unaware of everything.  The couple was living in Fort Pierce, Florida, with their young son when Mateen drove two hours to Orlando to unleash terror on the gay nightclub on June 12 Mateen killed 49 people after opening fire on the nightclub (pictured) in Orlando last June  'I don’t condone what he has done. I am very sorry for what has happened. He has hurt a lot of people.'  While she knew her husband watched jihadist videos, Salman said she never suspected him of violence because he had been cleared by the FBI.  The 29-year-old was questioned in 2013 after boasting about having ties to Al Qaeda. and Hezbollah.  He told co-workers he wanted to die a martyr and was questioned three times by agents but was never arrested. On June 2, as he was committing mass murder at the gay nightclub, Salman was at home with their son.  She said he had only told her he was going to see a 'friend' when he left for Orlando. He had earlier given her cash for her planned visit to California to see her mother.  Salman (above on her wedding day) said Mateen was violent towards her and often beat her at home  FBI agents previously accused Salman (pictured, right, two days after the shooting) of scoping out the nightclub with her husband before the attack. She said they were merely in Orlando, which was two hours from their home, to visit Disneyland with their son Salman grew up in southern California but moved to Fort Pierce, Florida, with Mateen after their wedding. The pair met online using an Arab dating website. She described him as a violent man who used to beat her when he was angry. She later discovered his first wife had left him after years of domestic violence.  After the June 12 attack, Salman returned to California where she has since moved house three times and lived as a recluse.    Attorney General Loretta Lynch confirmed her arrest on Monday, saying: 'We said from the beginning we were going to look at every aspect of this case, every aspect of this shooters life — to determine not just why did he take these actions, but who else knew about them, was anyone else involved, is there any other accountability that needs to be had here in this case.  The attack was the deadliest mass shooting in US history and sparked an outpouring of grief in Orlando and around the world. Above, a vigil is held in Orlando on June 13, the day after the shooting  Read more: www.nytimes.com/... Noor Salman, wife of Orlando massacre shooter Omar Mateen, arrested in San Francisco - CBS News www.nytimes.com/... Noor Salman, Wife of Orlando Shooter Omar Mateen, Arrested - NBC News Share or comment on this article e-mail 1.5k shares Most watched News videos Serena Williams awkwardly neglects her fiancé after Aus Open win Many Clouds dies after beating Thistlecrack in the Cotswold Chase 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Incredible moment truck crashes through middle of bus Grandma accused of killing son-in-law celebrated during testimony Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border George and Laura Bush welcome the Obamas to the White House 2009 Harriet was rescued from a South Korean meat farm Look what the cat dragged 'OUT'! Cute cat learns to open drawers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Huge tiger roams the streets after escaping circus in Italy Comments (132) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURED: Robin Thicke seen for first time after pulling out from events honoring late father Alan amid bitter custody battle with ex Paula Patton  Back in her bikini! Kim Kardashian shows off her stunning figure as she sunbathes in tiny two piece in Costa Rica Relaxed at the pool with sister Khloe Angelina Jolie rocks black leather pants and boots with silky top as she takes twins Knox and Vivienne, 8, shopping in Malibu Actress looked stylish Daddy and me time! Blac Chyna shares sweet Snaps of Rob Kardashian kissing and cuddling their baby Dream Doting father Just like dad! King Cairo, four, shows off his new grill during Costa Rica vacation...while Tyga poses up a storm with girlfriend Kylie Jenner It's an 80's night! Candace Cameron Bure, New Kids on the Block and Martha Quinn look incredible at the iHeart80s concert in California Lindsay Lohan rebrands herself as she returns to Instagram after hiatus with posts about Syrian refugees She deleted all her posts and has started again Seriously glam! Lucy Hale flashes major skin in plunging silver dress at SAG nomination bash  The 27-year-old was not afraid to flaunt her ample assets  She's got great jeans! Jessica Biel keeps it casual in ripped denim while leaving her restaurant Au Fudge with son Silas in West Hollywood  The doctor is in! Kristen Stewart poses with Peanuts character Lucy for breast cancer benefit at Knott's Berry Farm Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5k gown with husband Jared ahead of swanky dinner amid deportation row  Paula Patton steps out with son Julian in Los Angeles... amid ongoing custody battle with Robin Thicke She recently took out a  restraining order on him Move aside boys! Martha Hunt shows off her incredible body as she takes over historic Muscle Beach for a sizzling photoshoot Stunning figure  Legs eleven...out of Ocean's Eight! Sandra Bullock, 52, stuns in thigh-skimming sheer mini-dress on set in New York City She's still got it Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic immigrants  La La Land executive producer John Legend slams Trump's 'Muslim ban'... as musical wins best film of the year at Producers Guild Of America Awards Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams showcases her svelte figure in black mini dress at SAG nominees event Flawless figure Who wears the cool crown? They're both gorgeous, glamorous and adored by royal brothers, but how does Kate measure up against Meghan? Who brought the Eggos? Cast of Netflix's Stranger Things get together in LA ahead of Sunday's SAG Awards The young cast mixed with Hollywood's adults Curves ahead! Kylie Jenner shows off her cleavage and flat stomach in eye-catching swimwear during family holiday in Costa Rica Incredible body Man of many talents! Super Bowl-bound Tom Brady wishes fans Happy Chinese New Year in Mandarin before being photobombed by daughter Vivian, 4 Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to match up to $100,000 in donations to the ACLU Sheer dazzling! Nicole Kidman stuns in an embellished gown at the Producers Guild Awards with husband Keith Urban Stunned on red carpet 'He goes full throttle the whole way': John Wick featurette reveals how Keanu Reeves trained in 'gun fu' to become a deadly assassin Kerry Washington shows off her incredible post-baby body in a semi-sheer dress as she hits the Producers Guild Awards red carpet Recently gave birth  His leading lady! John Legend plants kiss on Chrissy Teigen as couple make arrival to Producers Guild Awards Couple are not afraid to show their affection  She's got some front! Thandie Newton wows in plunging dress as she supports Westworld at the Producers Guild Of America Awards Turned heads  No Hidden Figures here! Taraji P Henson and Janelle Monae turn heads in delightful dresses at PGA Awards They both starred in the Oscar nominated hit  Yummy mummy alert! Teresa Palmer reveals her svelte post-baby body in a dramatic beaded gown as she attends the Producers Guild Awards 'Just unbearable!': Amy Duggar confirms she used to play outside as a child to avoid her parents' fights during emotional Marriage Bootcamp She's funny too! Emma Stone does her best Ryan Gosling impression as she promotes awards favorite La La Land From musical to comedy The hardest-working top in the world! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of cropped tank that shows off cleavage AND abs during Costa Rica dinner Showing Scott (and Justin) what they're missing! Kourtney Kardashian stuns in black bra top with silky slacks as she dines with her sisters She didn't get the memo! Khloe Kardashian covers up in maroon top and jeans as her sisters model bra tops in Costa Rica Kept her head down Kim Kardashian's jewels seized in the Paris heist 'have been MELTED and the only piece left is her £3.5m engagement ring, gang boss tells police' Lily Collins dazzles in backless emerald green gown with crossover bodice at Producers Guild Awards Flaunted her enviably slim frame  'I was numb to all the bulls***': Rihanna reveals past struggles while recording her Anti album on year anniversary Speaking her mind  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The orphaned Malawi twins Madonna 'wants to make her own' and how their adopted mother would be horrified Back in black!: Olivia Newton-John, 68, looks radiant walking through LAX as she arrives from her Ireland and UK tour Has been promoting her new album Erin Andrews looks healthy out and about in West Hollywood... after revealing secret surgery for cervical cancer last autumn Spotted on a stroll  Dapper Justin Timberlake dons designer black suit for Variety brunch celebrating Oscar nominees Looking smart Looking good for her lady! Stella Maxwell flashes her amazing abs for spa outing with 'girlfriend' Kristen Stewart Loved-up pair  That's got to hurt! Justin Bieber gets slammed against glass exterior during NHL All-Star Celebrity Shootout by Chris Pronger 'I gained 40 pounds': Katherine Heigl reveals her 'terror' as she packed on the pounds during her pregnancy with newborn son Joshua Australian The Bachelor's Megan Marx flaunts toned physique in TINY black bikini beachside as she enjoys her new island life with girlfriend Tiffany  Twice as nice! Bella Thorne shares two topless photos after showing off new piercing in tight pink top She has has taken off her clothes again The baby is here! Law & Order: Criminal Intent star Saffron Burrows, 44, welcomes daughter Daisy with her wife Alison Also parents to a son Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he doesn't belong in this country Quite the response Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown set to appear in her first movie Godzilla: King Of Monsters She is expanding her career with a new role It's only been six months! Kim Kardashian's ex Ray J renews wedding vows with Princess Love in Europe Only recently got hitched Walking Dead star Steven Yeun enjoys a sunlit day out with his pregnant wife Joana Pak Pair tied the knot a month ago Ruff day? Downcast Rooney Mara steps out in all black with her pup following two successful Sundance premieres Just returned from Utah Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be turned around at the border Her sexiest selfie yet! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample bosom in teeny designer string bikini on family vacay in Costa Rica Showcased her curves Charlotte McKinney puts on a leggy display in metallic bodycon dress... after revealing she was called a 's**t' growing up due to her ample chest Newlywed Luann De Lesseps looks radiant as she dances with RHONY castmates at a fundraiser after romantic honeymoon in the Bahamas  All bundled up: Lea Michele looks like she can barely breathe as she wraps scarf tightly around her neck during NYC outing with a pal Staying warm  Sofia Vergara flaunts her fabulous figure in ripped jeans and a slinky poloneck as she enjoys date night with husband Joe Manganiello Hollywood couple Supermodel Karlie Kloss to lead the runway at the David Jones Autumn/Winter show... as she models the latest collection of moody florals Natalie Portman pays tribute to her Jackie co-star Sir John Hurt after he dies at age 77 'I'm so extremely sad to hear of John's passing,' she said Harry Potter's John Hurt married four times but his friends say it was the tragic death of the lover he DIDN'T wed that drove him to drunken torment  New Fifty Shades Darker clip shows extended date night between Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey that gets steamy in elevator 'I don't sit at home and obsess': Jon Hamm says he doesn't watch old episodes of Mad Men because that's 'weird' The 45-year-old actor,  played Don Draper 'Naked' Kate is on the verge of getting a gong at long last for service to the Royal Family after impressing the Queen with her work for mental health charities  Our dazzling sapphire Queen: The poignant significance of Her Majesty's favourite gem... as she celebrates 65 years on the throne  Historic milestone  He was named 'the man most likely to marry Jackie'... And now an Oscar-nominated film reveals how British Lord Harlech missed  capturing her heart  So that's why Ryan's such a La La lovely mover! How Hollywood's heart-throb inherited his musical talent... from a bugle-blowing Victorian war hero  Hailey Baldwin looks lovely in blue leather outfit as she graces her third Harper's Bazaar cover... this time for Turkey February 2017 issue Suddenly shy! Bella Hadid hides behind a scarf and baseball cap in NYC after showing off her chest in see-through dress in Paris Sporty attire Victoria's Secret Model Kelly Gale shows off her INCREDIBLY toned abs and impressive cleavage as she continues her luxury Bali vacation  Teeny bikini! Kelly Bensimon, 48, enjoys a lemon-soaked drink as she splashes around in Miami wearing a body-baring swimsuit Fun in the sun 'I thought I'd get in trouble!': Kendall Jenner confesses she was scared of telling her parents about her boyfriends when she was a teenager Not just a pretty face! Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is learning COMPUTER CODING and is launching a Kode with Klossy scholarship for women 'We know each other better than anyone': David Beckham reveals he and Victoria have worked through 'tough times' as he gushes about their marriage  'She's at it again!': Pia Miller flaunts her incredible physique in red hot bikini at the beach after calling herself 'clumsy' and 'too daggy' Fans slams Vanity Fair for leaving out Asian and Latina actresses from Hollywood Issue (but they've come a long way from 'white-washed' 2010 cover)  EXCLUSIVE: 'I grew up with holes in my shoes!': Jennifer Lopez, 47, talks humble beginnings and how family 'grounds her' during difficult times Modest roots An incredible feet! David Beckham reveals his shoe collection rivals that of wife Victoria as he admits he owns 'thousands' of pairs of football boots 'She could win the whole show!' Will.i.am left embarrassed on British The Voice after failing to turn round for a contestant who co-wrote one of his hits Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle She wore blue lace! Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner dazzles in see-through suit at Variety brunch The outfit left little to the imagination 'This is Chambers': Actor Armie Hammer reveals name of son as he shares tender photo of the newborn with his big sister Harper Super sweet siblings Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Tickled pink! Taryn Manning giggles as she models flirty hair color at Variety brunch after revealing she has no plans to leave OITNB Pretty pink locks 'She didn't come?' The uncomfortable moment Venus Williams realises her sister Isha didn't come to her Australian Open showdown with Serena Move over, Arnold! Adriana Lima shows off toned abs at Muscle Beach in Venice for Victoria's Secret shoot Shooting an athletic wear campaign She must be hot! Kim Kardashian wears very low-cut tank top as she uses Snapchat filters while playing with North and Saint in Costa Rica Snapchat session Oscar-nominated Emmanuelle Riva of the film Amour dies in Paris at the age of 89 after long illness French star of screen and stage  Purple patch! Katie Piper shows off new LILAC hairstyle as she celebrates success of her latest book with husband Richard  Wowed with her color Robin Thicke pulled out of LA gala tribute for his late father Alan Thicke as custody battle with ex Paula Patton takes nasty turn Nowhere to be seen Date night! Model Chanel Iman shows off her toned tummy as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner at LA hotspot Victoria's Secret Angel 'It's a very brave, bold and challenging story we're attempting': Andrew Lincoln defends brutal violence in season seven of The Walking Dead But where's Jen? Aniston's husband Justin Theroux steps out in all black as he bumps into House Of Cards star Elizabeth Marvel in NYC At last... a statue that will let the boys gaze at Diana every day: William and Harry reveal plans for a new memorial to the 'people's princess' 20 years after her death  Farewell to a Hollywood legend: Sir John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer  From Hollywood bad boy to national treasure: The notorious hell-raiser who drank up to seven bottles of wine a NIGHT after watching his fiancée die Murder of Righteous Brothers singer's ex-wife SOLVED: DNA test finds killer 40 years after woman was raped and strangled with her pantyhose Staying busy! Heartbroken Celine Dion squeezes in Bee Gees show as she continues Vegas concert one year after husband's death Lost him to cancer Looking ace! Karlie Kloss works nautical chic in a plunging vest and striped skirt at tennis match in Australia Sought after supermodel Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence layers up in oversized shearling coat as she enjoys a rare evening off from filming new flick in Hungary Filming new spy thriller Barbara Hale, who played the loyal secretary opposite Raymond Burr on long-running crime TV show Perry Mason, dies at age 94 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Trouble for the Today show? Rumors swirl that Megyn Kelly is 'being groomed to take Savannah Guthrie's anchor position' as NBC revamps morning show 'Oh the horror!': Dame Joan Collins on the nightmarish scene at her home after a leak in a neighbour's flat led to a ceiling caving in  Nightmarish image  Goodbye my lover! Cate Blanchett blows a kiss to husband Andrew Upton in adorable PDA as he heads to the airport leaving her alone in New York Justin Bieber steps out solo in quirky lensless glasses and ripped jeans... as the romance between his ex Selena Gomez and The Weeknd heats up Leonardo DiCaprio goes incognito in bucket hat and dark shades as he plays the tourist while T-shirt shopping in Rwanda Discreet appearance Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Incest, cannibalism, and parties for duck hunters & prostitutes dressed as ducks... Tom Hardy's drama wanted to challenge convention It was controversial The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' 'Nobody knows when': Louis Tomlinson hints at One Direction reunion... as he moves on from split with girlfriend Danielle Campbell Exciting news for fans Serena and Venus Williams share a tender moment after little sister beat her older sibling to win the Australian Open - before declaring 'she is my inspiration'  Princess Eugenie keeps a low profile in sombre ensemble as she steps out for dinner at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London Serena's final passing shot! Awkward moment triumphant Williams appears to IGNORE fiance as she hugs Karlie Kloss after winning Australian Open Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel The 35-year-old was a showstopper Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles Sophisticated black frock Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Showed off her long legs in the black number Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA She remains a stunning style icon Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Turning heads Leighton Meester teases a hint of cleavage in plunging embellished black dress as she poses up a storm at Harper's Bazaar bash Looked chic in black A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Pregnant star Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Her outfit hugged her bulging baby bump Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party She cut a professional chic figure 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel 'Not my president!' Karrueche Tran sizzles in oversized sweater and thigh-high boots as she sends a clear anti-Trump message during night out Should Jess be worried? Ruby Rose trades in Vin Diesel for new co-star as she enjoys friendship with Pitch Perfect 3 band-mate Andy Allo 'Hottest runway ever': Victoria's Secret models Bridget Malcolm and Karlie Kloss to headline David Jones show with Jesinta Franklin and Jess Gomes Judy Garland superfan spent $15K on the crypt next to hers, but his dreams of spending eternity with starlet are dashed now that her body has been moved She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA She also rocked a motorcycle jacket with a pink furry collar Putting the dance in Sundance! Toni Collette and her 'Fun Mom Dinner' co-stars let their hair down as they party into the night following premiere 'Blow me away': Chloe Lattanzi's face is covered but she still flaunts her VERY ample cleavage as she snaps a selfie during Portland wind storm 'He is making me feel good things': Fans go wild as new Beauty & The Beast posters give a first glimpse of Girl On The Train hunk Luke Evans as Gaston  Prince Charles dismayed the public has become overly 'obsessed' with Brexit to the detriment of other world issues Expressed his concerns Rylan Clark Neal and Speidi FINALLY bury the hatchet following their Celebrity Big Brother eviction... and even declare each other 'friends' Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Paul McCartney's ex Heather Mills, 49, shows off her figure in a plunging mermaid maxi as she throws some shapes during night out in Austria Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her youthful complexion and famous cleavage in party dress at Paris bash Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  They have hired a team of gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return     DON'T MISS Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less Today's headlines Most Read Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants emergency stay temporarily HALTING deportation of... Uber CEO Travis Kalanick pledges to compensate 'thousands of its drivers' affected by the immigration ban... Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to... What does the emergency stay of execution mean for detained travelers and what happens next? Female intruder snuck into GOP retreat using fake credentials saying she was a congressman's wife on the day... Snack smugglers beware! Posh New York theater shames movie fans bringing in their own food and warns... New York plans to install vast system of facial recognition cameras that matches drivers licenses to social... FedEx delivery driver lauded as a hero after stopping protesters from lighting American flags on fire Distraught woman facing deportation to Chile attempts suicide at JFK Airport 24 hours before Trump's... Decapitated bodies of three police officers are found in southern Mexico in suspected cartel-related torture... 'Granny just killed momma': Florida grandmother is arrested after she 'stabbed daughter and murdered son'... 10 people injured in mass shooting during party at National Guard Armory building in Tennessee California Governor Jerry Brown to get further prostate cancer treatment starting in February but will... 'Let them eat cake': Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5k gown with... Iran will retaliate against Trump's immigration ban by 'limiting visas to American tourists' - as Canadian... Chaos at JFK: Protesters descend on airport after 12 travelers are held overnight in confusion at Trump... 'We are equals': Trump and Putin vow to maintain 'regular personal contact' in their first call, discuss... Trump gives Pentagon 30 days to come up with ISIS strategy as he restructures National Security Council to... Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be... NBA calls for Trump to clarify his immigration ban as players including Sudan-born Luol Deng and Thon Maker... Sir Mo Farah faces being BANNED from returning to his family in America under Donald Trump’s immigration... 'We wouldn't exist without immigration': Apple CEO Tim Cook slams Trump's executive order as Mark Zuckerberg... 'Trump is right!' Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu hails the president's border plans because the wall... Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans... Texas mosque is destroyed in blaze hours after Donald Trump signs executive order banning immigration from... Trump's efforts to 'drain the swamp' see him ban administration officials from lobbying the US on behalf of... Actor Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he... The obscure truth about THAT picture: Theresa May had to take hold of Donald Trump's hand because 'the US... Trump beats Obama's executive action first week record: President who criticized his predecessor for... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Do you use mobile payments? [Poll of the Week] Apps & Games Features Newsby Jimmy Westenberg2 weeks ago 50 223 15 Last week’s poll summary: Out of over 1,800 total votes, 32.3% of our readers said their favorite announcement from CES 2017 was the new ASUS ZenFone AR. 13.3% said they were most excited for Samsung’s Chromebook Plus & Pro, while 11.7% said their favorite announcement was the Faraday Future FF91. Mobile payments have been around for a pretty long time now, but they didn’t start catching on until the release of Apple Pay and Android Pay a few years ago. While Google, of course, wants all Android users to use Android Pay, Samsung wants its users to use Samsung Pay, and the same goes for Apple with Apple Pay. And if for some reason you aren’t fully satisfied with those three options, we have access to plenty more mobile payment services to round out the already crowded landscape. Chase Bank and even Walmart have their own proprietary services, for example. Android Pay: what is it, how does it work and who supports it? Samsung Pay: what is it, how does it work and how do I use it? Whichever service you decide to use, though, mobile payments are designed to make your life easier and save you time. So tell us – do you use mobile payments, or are you still not convinced they save time and effort? Be sure to cast your vote in the poll attached below, and speak up in the comments if you have anything else to add. We look forward to hearing what you have to say! Next: Android Pay vs Apple Pay vs Samsung Pay April 27, 2016 Apps & Games Features News Samsung Pay, Android Pay, Mobile Payments, Poll of the week Android Pay, Mobile Payments, Poll of the week, Samsung Pay Jimmy Westenberg Lover of all things Android, Star Wars, dogs, coffee and music. Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 50 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Honor 6X International Giveaway! 7 days ago2629 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   5 Android apps you shouldn’t miss this week – Android Apps Weekly! 2 hours ago   (Update: To start at $249) So this is the LG Watch Style 13 hours ago   ZTE may kill ‘Hawkeye’ Kickstarter, do a new version with better ... 15 hours ago   This OnePlus 3 kernel tweak promises 7-8 hours of screen-on time 16 hours ago   BlackBerry Mercury tipped to use Google Pixel camera sensor, run Snapdragon 625 18 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Connecticut man gets jail term in Massachusetts chase, crash Monday Jan 16, 2017 at 11:11 AM Jan 16, 2017 at 11:11 AM The Associated Press NORTH ADAMS, Mass. - A Connecticut man is headed to jail after admitting he fled from a Massachusetts police officer who was trying to pull him over and crashed following a pursuit.  The Berkshire Eagle reported Saturday that 29-year-old Luis Minaya pleaded guilty last week to charges including failing to stop for police and negligent operation of a motor vehicle. He has been sentenced to three months in jail. Police said Minaya and another suspect stole from a Wal-Mart store in December 2013. An Adams, Massachusetts police officer recognized his vehicle and tried to pull him over. A chase ended when Minaya hit a guard rail and crashed. Court records indicate Minaya is serving a five-year prison sentence in Connecticut for sexual assault. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Boomers Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Rochester Business Journal Sunday, January 29, 2017 Log In / Register / Signup for FREE eNewsletters Archive Search Searching   Home News Archive Previous Daily Editions In the Weekly Edition Fast Start Editorial Calendar Submit News Newsroom Contacts E-newsletters News by Industry RBJ Snap Poll On Sports Weather RBJ Extra: 2016 RBJ 75 Rochester Chamber Top 100 2015 RBJ Schools Report Card RBJ 2015 Best of the Web Alumni of Rochester Business Journal Forty Under 40 How the Snap Poll is conducted RBJ Extra: RBJ-Siena Business Leaders Survey 2015 Golisano Children's Hospital 2016 Schools Report Card Opinion Opinion Page RBJ Snap Poll Submit a Letter to the Editor Comment Policy Lists & Research About the Lists Submit a List Survey Order The Book of Lists RBJ List Center Local Stocks Rochester Giving Rochester Economic Profile Databases/Directories Resources Online UVC UNY Startup Map Photos & Multimedia Multimedia Photo Gallery Slideshows Seen Submit Photos Small Business School RBJ Slideshow: Airigami RBJ Slideshow: General Motors Components Holdings LLC RBJ Slideshow: Branca RBJ Slideshow: Zweigle's expanding RBJ Slideshow: Riedman Cos. condominiums RBJ Slideshow: StoneBrook RBJ Slideshow: Bill Gray's Regional Iceplex RBJ Slideshow: 2014 Wealth of Health Awards nominees RBJ Slideshow: New High Point building attracts CooperVision RBJ Slideshow: Fishers Ridge Bass Pro Shops RBJ Slideshow: The Tavern at Clover RBJ Slideshow: Culver Road Armory RBJ Slideshow: Jewish Senior Life RBJ Slideshow: Rochester mourns loss of Glazers Forty Under 40 - 20th anniversary RBJ Slideshow: Crisis of Poverty breakfast RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Wealth of Health event RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Financial Executive of the Year award RBJ Slideshow: Garth Fagan's Signature Style RBJ Slideshow: 2015 RBJ Forty Under 40 event RBJ Slideshow: Toy Halls of Fame at Strong Museum RBJ Slideshow: Work to begin in fall on Sibley Building RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Best of the Web event RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Women's Leadership Summit RBJ Slideshow: 2015 RBJ Forty Under 40 alumni event RBJ Power Breakfast: Rochester's Photonics Future 2016 Wealth of Health Awards RBJ Slideshow: 2016 Greater Rochester Awards RBJ Slideshow: 2016 Best of the Web RBJ Slideshow: 2016 Women's Leadership Summit RBJ Slideshow: 2016 ROC the Future State of Our Children RBJ Slideshow: 2016 RBJ Forty Under 40 awards Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2016 Editorial Calendar 2017 Editorial Calendar Sponsorships Classified Advertising Submit Legal Notice Production Services Contact Us Events Upcoming Register Nominate Past Charitable Events Calendar Health Care Achievement Awards Financial Executive of the Year Awards RBJ Power Breakfast Series: Economic Outlook RBJ Power Breakfast Series: Rochester's Downtown Development Newsstand The Book of Lists Reprints and Plaques Renew or Pay Your Subscription Update Subscription Details Supplements/Directories Event Registration Retail Locations Subscribe RBJ Weekly Print Edition RBJ Digital Edition Free Six-Week Trial Subscription RBJ E-newsletters Signup Information & Services About the RBJ Contact Us Customer Service FAQ Work for RBJ Editorial Awards Staff Directory This Week The $440 million Del Lago casino is ready to roll. In a stressful world, managing anger requires a variety of techniques. Authenticity is a guiding principle for Bergmann Associates president Pietro Giovenco. The Presentation Source puts its efforts on display. YMCA exec James Smith understands the challenges faced by the kids he helps. The Schools Report Card has rankings for 27 districts and more than 250 schools. Most stocks finish strong By ANNE SAUNDERS Rochester Business Journal January 6, 2017 With the exception of a few trouble spots, stocks of local interest gained momentum over the course of 2016, with more gaining than losing value since Dec. 31, 2015. Looking at a group of 46 Rochester-area stocks trading on the New York Stock Exchange, average share growth hit 12 percent over the last 12 months. Eleven saw drops in value year over year. Meanwhile, 2017 started strong as the Dow Jones Industrial Average and Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index surged Tuesday, the year’s first day of trading, though both indexes moderated over the course of the day. “This year could be a good year because consumer confidence shot up like a rocket, and business confidence is rising too,” said Dennis Lohouse, principal at Forte Capital LLC in Brighton. In addition, 22 stocks of local interest trading on the Nasdaq, NYSE MKT and over-the-counter had an average increase of 27 percent, a number skewed higher by a couple penny stocks with big percentage jumps. Nine stocks on this list declined over the year, including retailers Sears Inc., Staples Inc. and Bon-Ton Stores Inc., and communications companies Frontier Communications Corp. and EarthLink Inc. Top performers for the year included EnPro Industries Inc., whose stock value showed year-over-year growth of 54 percent. Parker-Hannifin Corp. shares grew 44 percent while KeyCorp, which acquired First Niagara Financial Group in 2016, gained 39 percent. That rise was fueled by a 50 percent increase in the fourth quarter, from $12.17 to $18.27. George Conboy, president of Brighton Securities Corp., said banks generally are doing well, thanks to rising interest rates. “There’s a very reasonable expectation that revenues will rise,” he said. Where share values are falling, they mostly reflect trends that have been going on for some time. Bricks-and-mortar retailers are likely to continue to downsize as they face competition from online behemoths such as Amazon.com Inc., Lohouse predicted. Media companies Gannett Co. Inc. and New Media Investment Group Inc. both showed losses year over year. Gannett dropped 40 percent, and New Media, whose holdings include the Rochester Business Journal, fell by 18 percent, despite a 3 percent rally in the fourth quarter. “Both of them have struggled to monetize their properties,” Conboy said. The media companies and big box retailers continue efforts to adapt to the public’s growing use of the internet for information and shopping, he said. He will be watching to see if concerns about fake news drive more people to paid subscriptions from trusted sources and help newspapers rally, Conboy said. “There may be a pendulum swing back, at least a little,” he said. Other declines that come as no surprise are evident at Frontier Communications and Earthlink. “In each case, these are communications companies that have a meaningful investment in what’s called legacy communications,” Conboy said. Technologies rapidly losing popularity such as landline phones and dial-up internet continue to hurt those two companies, he said. Cable company Charter Communications, however, saw its share price climb by 57 percent over the year, from $183.10 to $287.92. Lohouse said broadcast companies generally are doing better than print but face a looming challenge from online streaming. Overall, trends from early and midyear continued on a similar trajectory for the rest of the year. A few exceptions to that: Both Walmart Stores Inc. and J.C. Penney Co. Inc. showed year-over-year growth but weakened in the fourth quarter. IEC Electronics Corp. and Windstream Holdings Inc. similarly saw their share prices fall in the fourth quarter despite year-over-year gains. Lohouse said Windstream is in the middle of an acquisition, and shares may rebound if that goes smoothly. “That one, you just wait and see,” he said. A couple more immediate concerns appear to be affecting certain share prices. CVS Caremark Corp., whose shares dropped 11 percent in the last quarter, may be caught in the uncertainty surrounding the Affordable Care Act, targeted for repeal by the Republican Congress. Shares of Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc. saw a drop of 3 percent for the year, which may reflect the impact of new soda taxes adopted by municipalities such as Philadelphia, Lohouse said. “If that catches on, that’s a problem,” he said. Conboy described the drop as more of a hiccup for a generally solid company. Going forward, growth seems possible in industrial and infrastructure industries, a potential boon to the Rochester economy, Lohouse said. Recent trends also portend positively for banks, while health care and health insurance industries may be in for a bumpy ride, he and Conboy noted. Conboy highlighted property/casualty and life insurance as well as the defense industry as likely areas for growth in 2017. In general, both men were optimistic for the future. “Overall, we’ve had a decent rally, not huge, but decent,” Lohouse said. 1/6/2017 (c) 2017 Rochester Business Journal. To obtain permission to reprint this article, call 585-546-8303 or email service@rbj.net.   What You're Saying  There are no comments yet. Be the first to add yours! Post Your Own Comment  Username: Password: Not registered? Sign up now!   RBJ Headlines More than 250 attend event on region's economic outlook Radio Social bowling center to open in spring Xerox adds CEO Jacobson and Motorola chief to its board Kiva Rochester receives 'key market' designation Tompkins Financial reports jump in Q4 profit More Headlines > To Do   Text Size Post A Comment eMail View All Comments Print Reprints E-mailed Commented Viewed Most Viewed Articles Radio Social bowling center to open in spring New building uses cross-laminated timber Former drivers file lawsuit against chain More than 250 attend event on region's economic outlook Xerox adds CEO Jacobson and Motorola chief to its board Recently Commented Articles Unshackle Upstate releases 2017 agenda The governor's shotgun solution to New York's workforce challenge Report: N.Y. among least desirable states for retirement Developer claims Wegmans 'kills Chick-fil-A site' in Brighton Levy's children's book provides hope for Cubs, Bills fans Most Emailed Articles There have been no articles emailed within the past week Site Search Site Search RBJ   Google About RBJ  |  Advertising Opportunities  |  Contact Us  |  Customer Service  |  Copyright Notice  |  Privacy Policy  |  Work for RBJ  |  Site Map  |  RSS ©2017 Rochester Business Journal. All rights reserved.
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News World World Politics 3 charts that show the world's richest 1% keep getting richer The wealth of the super-rich is 'beyond grotesque', Oxfam says Niamh McIntyre @niamh_mcintyre Monday 16 January 2017 13:41 BST Click to follow Indy Politics Popular videos Shia LaBeouf arrested on camera during protest livestream Rachel Weisz brings a classic to life in My Cousin Rachel's trailer May refuses to say whether she will tell Trump torture is unacceptable The Leftovers season 3 trailer and release date The eight richest billionaires are now worth as much as the poorest half of the world's population, a new report by Oxfam has found. Researches found that the top 1% are getting richer at such "an astonishing rate" that the world could see its first trillionaire in just 25 years.  Meanwhile, 1 in 10 people survive on just 2 US dollars a day. Researchers estimated that three-quarters of this kind of extreme poverty could be eliminated immediately using existing resources, by increasing taxation and cutting down on military and other regressive spending. 1. In the US, the incomes of the top 1%  have soared, while wages for the bottom 90% have stagnated This chart shows the increase in incomes for the top 1% and the bottom 90% since 1978. The top 1% saw their wages increase by 140% on average, while for the bottom 90% the increase was just 15.2% over the same period. 2. The world's eight richest individuals own more wealth than half of the world's population combined The elite group, which includes tech entrepreneurs Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, and Jeff Bezos, have a net wealth of $426 billion, making them richer than 3.6 billion people combined. The chart shows their net worth, in billions, compared to countries whose gross domestic product is of a similar size.   3. The ten largest global corporations have revenue greater than that of the government revenue of 180 countries combined The world's 10 biggest corporations – a list that includes WalMart, Shell and Apple – have a combined revenue greater than the government revenue of 180 poorest countries combined, in a list which includes Ireland, Indonesia, Israel, Colombia, Greece, South Africa, Iraq and Vietnam. You can explore the full interactive version here.   Oxfam said under its calculations, which were based on the Forbes billionaires list and Credit Suisse global wealth distribution data, just under 10% of the world's poorest were in debt. That included a "tiny fraction" of workers who may be earning good salaries but were paying off debts such as student loans or were in negative equity. The number of billionaires who owned the same as half the world went up to 56 if everyone in net debt was taken out of the calculation. But the charity said that most in the bottom half of the world's population were very poor and faced a daily struggle to survive. Mr Goldring said: "Extreme inequality isn't inevitable - with the right policies, world leaders can rebalance our broken economies so they work for all of us and bring the end of poverty closer. "We need a new common sense approach that ensures a fair deal for workers and producers; requires those who can afford it to pay their fair share of tax; and ensures that women get a fair chance to realise their potential.     More about: Inequality Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Americans Can Soon Buy Groceries Online With Food Stamps The Atlantic Adam Chandler 1/16/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks © Mario Anzuoni / Reuters Last week, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced an ambitious-sounding pilot program that will give participants in Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)—best known by the colloquial term “food stamps”—a way to purchase their groceries online. The two-year trial, which will begin this summer, provides low-income Americans in seven states with a system to have eligible items delivered to their homes through retailers like FreshDirect, Amazon, Safeway, and ShopRite and to pay for them using federal benefits. "Online purchasing is a potential lifeline for SNAP participants living in urban neighborhoods and rural communities where access to healthy food choices can be limited," said USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack in a statement. The initiative is actually a provision of the 2014 Farm Bill, which requires the USDA to test an online ordering program. If the pilot succeeds, it could expand nationally, which would theoretically provide more than 43 million Americans who receive SNAP assistance with a new way to access healthier food. But despite its clear benefits, particularly for those with disabilities, limited transportation, or the millions of low-income Americans in food deserts, the success of the program is anything but certain. A number of factors including existing consumer habits, associated costs, and internet access could dim the prospects for the idea, while external opposition from lobbyists could potentially could block its full-scale adoption. In addition to good publicity, part of what lured seven retailers from Maryland to Iowa to Oregon to apply to participate in the USDA program was the chance to expand their customer bases, and increase revenue. Companies from Amazon down to Hy-Vee— an Iowa-based grocery— will collect delivery and service fees from these new transactions, fees that cannot be paid for with federal benefits. The retail partners also offer a host of food items that are not eligible for SNAP funds. What this may ultimately beget is a dynamic in which the convenience of the pilot program is overshadowed by the extra costs and logistical complications associated with delivery, along with the need for multiple forms of payment SNAP users will need to complete an order. Another challenge facing the program is the demographic overlap between SNAP recipients and Americans without internet access. A recent 2016 Pew survey shows that those most likely to lack regular access to the internet are lower-income minorities, particularly skewing younger and older. According to federal data, SNAP recipients—relative to the American population—break down along similar demographic lines, with over half of federal benefits given to children and seniors. Meanwhile, roughly 20 percent of Americans are primarily dependent on their smartphones for internet access, which could hamper the ability to navigate a complex online ordering system. Yet another hurdle may be geographic. While many tend to associate federal food assistance with urban poverty, the use of food stamps in rural communities has been growing steadily in recent years. As Rachel Cernansky at Civil Eats noted in 2014, enrollment among Americans eligible for SNAP was 13 percent higher in rural areas than in urban ones. This disparity no doubt affects how and particularly where SNAP benefits are spent; according to the Omaha World-Herald, “Slightly more than half of all SNAP dollars are spent at superstores like Walmart, which is not part of the pilot program.” And aside from the logistical challenges, once unveiled, the SNAP Online Purchasing Pilot seems poised to face political opposition from associations representing brick-and-mortar stores—who fear the program will cut into their margins. Following the reveal of the states participating in the pilot program, local retailers that might be affected quickly condemned the USDA initiative. "With supermarkets disappearing from neighborhoods in all five boroughs, this pilot program will only accelerate the trend," New York Association of Grocery Stores spokesman Brad Gerstman said in a statement. Meanwhile, in Annapolis, Cailey Locklair Tolle, the head of the Maryland Retailers Association, told the Baltimore Sun that she had received several calls from businesses about the program. “Any time you tinker with any part of the revenue for a grocery store, you can literally send them in the red very quickly,” she said. Despite these obstacles, the biggest challenge to the pilot program may come from the intended participants, whose habits may be difficult to change. A 2012 RAND study shed some light on the preconception that access to healthier food, particularly fruits and vegetables, materially translates into better diets. The study found limited compelling links between food environment and food consumption, meaning that the easier availability of quality foods may not trump consumer preferences for junk. And as I noted last month, large food companies have also sought to step into this breach, offering more products with less fat and sodium, only to find that they sell poorly. Online, people are still likely to want what they’ve always wanted. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Atlantic What Trump's Executive Order on Immigration Does—and Doesn't Do The Atlantic An Immigration Order as Stupid as it Is Counterproductive The Atlantic The Gentle Anarchy of the Park Ranger The Atlantic The Conspiracy Theorist in the White House The Atlantic The Atlantic View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it PostEverything Martin Luther King, institutions and power The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jared Bernstein By Jared Bernstein January 16 Follow @econjared Jared Bernstein, a former chief economist to Vice President Biden, is a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities and author of the new book 'The Reconnection Agenda: Reuniting Growth and Prosperity.' The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. gestures during a speech at a Chicago Freedom Movement rally at Soldier Field in Chicago on July 10, 1966. (Afro American Newspapers/Gado/Getty Images) When the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated in 1968, he was in Memphis, supporting striking sanitation workers. By that time in his crusade for racial justice, he had elevated full employment to a key plank in his platform. The full name of the March on Washington was the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom. A common placard held up that day read, “Civil Rights Plus Full Employment Equals Freedom,” a powerful economic equation indeed. In my experience, too few people remember this aspect of King’s movement, instead emphasizing his stirring spiritual commitment to racial inclusion. But King was of course thoroughly versed in the reality of the institutional barriers blocking blacks and his unique genius was to combine deep spiritual awareness with an equally deep understanding of the role of power in economic outcomes. That’s one reason he was in Memphis, supporting the union. In 1967, King called for “a radical redistribution of economic and political power.” He particularly understood the power, for better or worse, of American institutions, most notably of course, the institution of racism, which so successfully blocked African Americans from decent homes, jobs, schools and opportunities. But countervailing institutions existed within his vision as well, including the church and the union, and, if it could be forced to live up to its promise, the government. Even the institutions of the consumer economy and the job market could, with the right force and strategy, including boycotts that flexed black consumer muscle and equal opportunity laws, be nudged in the direction of racial justice. To some readers, this “institutional” framework may be confusing. What do I mean by referencing the consumer or job markets or racism or unions, as “institutions”? This certainly doesn’t square with the classic economic explanation of how the economy works: profit-maximizing individuals achieving optimal social welfare by each individual pursuing their goals. The institutional framework, with its emphasis on historical, legal and cultural practices (norms) embedded in economic systems, stands in stark contrast to the market forces framework. Surely no one could question whether the legal system or the housing market black people faced in King’s time, not to mention our own, promoted objective, blind justice. Discrimination in schools, the economy, and almost every other walk of life could not and cannot possibly be viewed as a fair or merit-based system. Honoring King’s vision and legacy thus requires not simply remembering his most well-known dream: a racially inclusive society very different from the one that existed in his, or sadly, our own time. It requires recognizing the need to redistribute the power from the oppressive, exclusionary institutions, many of the same ones — housing, schools, criminal justice, the economy — he fought for until the day he was taken from us. What does honoring that vision mean today? Although I certainly don’t advocate giving up on President-elect Donald Trump’s administration before it has started, all signs suggest that it and the Republican-led Congress will hurt, not help, the economically less advantaged. Republican budgets threaten to undermine the safety net, Trump’s proposed tax policy squanders fiscal resources on tax cuts for the rich, undermining opportunities for those stuck in places without adequate educational or employment opportunities. There’s talk among Republicans of trying to get more states to pass “right to work” laws that undermine unions and cut workers’ pay. Listening to Ben Carson’s hearing for secretary of housing and urban development quickly disabuses one of hope that he’ll tackle the legacy of segregated housing that remains a serious problem. As far as reforming the institutionalized racism the remains embedded in our criminal justice and policing systems, again, it’s awfully hard to be hopeful. There are, however, many levels of institutional norms, laws and practices. The Fight for Fifteen has been immensely successful in raising minimum wages at the state and sub-state levels. I can’t prove this, but I’d bet that without Black Lives Matter, there would be no “blistering report” from the Justice Department on the racial practices of the Chicago Police Department. The activist group “Fed Up” has had great success elevating the issue of economic justice as regards Federal Reserve policy, a policy area that even liberal presidents have avoided getting into. As I recently wrote regarding “ban the box,” a policy designed to give job-seekers with criminal records a fairer shot at employment: Nineteen states and over 100 cities and counties have already taken similar action for government employees, and seven states (Hawaii, Illinois, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, Oregon and Rhode Island) plus Washington, DC and 26 cities and counties have extended ban the box policies to cover private employers.  Some private businesses, including Walmart, Koch Industries, Target, Starbucks, Home Depot, and Bed, Bath & Beyond, have also adopted these policies on their own. This last part about the private businesses is instructive. The Selma bus boycott was, of course, in no small part an economic action: Black people would not pay for discrimination. Regarding full employment, King realized that at high levels of unemployment, it’s costless to discriminate against a significant swath of potential workers. But when the job market tightens up, discriminating against a needed worker means leaving profit on the table. Especially in the age of Trump, when so many Americans feel as if representative democracy is seriously on the ropes, it seems a no-brainer to channel King and once again tap the power of boycotts and leaning on businesses to do the right thing. It makes no sense at all to cede this field to Trump as he nonsensically claims (and gets) credit for job creation that already was happening. My intuition is that many businesses, as in the ban-the-box example, would be willing to help push back on the institutional injustices that persist. Higher and more equal pay scales, implementation of the updated, higher overtime threshold that was wrongly blocked by a Texas judge (in fact, many businesses, to their credit, have gone ahead with this change), not blocking collective bargaining if their workers want to exercise that right, flexible scheduling policies that help parents balance work and family — there’s no reason for progressives not to fight for these ideas at the sub-national level and the private sector. Although these sub-national fights are more likely where the action is for the next few years, meaningful action is developing at the national level as well. King would have easily recognized the Trump phenomenon as the work of exclusive institutions once again grabbing the power and would have organized accordingly and effectively. As we speak, many of us are trying to block the repeal of health-care reform in this spirit. The Indivisible Movement and the Women’s March would also have been highly familiar to Dr. King. But on whatever level or in whatever sector the fight takes place, as we celebrate King’s indelible contributions, let us recall his understanding of power, the institutions that power supported and his admonitions to us not to rest until much more of that power lies in the hands of those who still command far too little of it. 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jared Bernstein, a former chief economist to Vice President Biden, is a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities and author of the new book 'The Reconnection Agenda: Reuniting Growth and Prosperity.' Follow @econjared 11 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Behind closed doors, Republican lawmakers fret about how to repeal Obamacare 2 The leaks coming out of the Trump White House cast the president as a clueless child 3 An ‘America first’ philosophy? During May’s visit, it’s more like ‘Trump first.’ 4 Opinion In leaked audio, Republicans destroy their own public talking points on Obamacare 5 Trump signs order temporarily halting admission of refugees, promises priority for Christians washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Manhunt Search of country club building turns up no sign of suspected cop-killer Published January 16, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print   The manhunt for accused cop-killer Markeith Loyd focused on an abandoned country club building on Sunday -- but police ultimately announced they'd found no sign of him there. Orlando police said they were just searching the Rosemont County Club and a wooded area and weren’t acting on a tip, according to Fox 35 Orlando. That same area was under lockdown last week after Lt. Debra Clayton was shot and killed. As many as a dozen law enforcement officers were involved in the search at the country club, WFTV added. WOMAN CHARGED IN ADOPTED DAUGHTER'S DEATH FOSTERED 30 KIDS Clayton was remembered Saturday at her funeral service as someone who put everyone at ease with her infectious smile and made every effort to bridge the gap between the community and law enforcement. She was posthumously promoted to lieutenant during the ceremony. Loyd is accused of gunning down Clayton when she approached him outside a Walmart in Orlando last Monday. Loyd was wanted for the murder of his pregnant girlfriend at the time. Hundreds of officers and deputies have been searching for him since Monday, and a $100,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest. Among them was sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, who died when he was thrown from his motorcycle in an accident. Police arrested a former supervisor at the fried-chicken restaurant where Loyd worked, an ex-girlfriend and a niece on Tuesday and Wednesday on charges of helping him. Orlando police Chief John Mina said they haven’t been cooperative. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Click for more from Fox 35 Orlando. Advertisement Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Writers Projects Next America Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Sign in Sign out Create account Your account Newsletters Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Americans Can Soon Buy Groceries Online With Food Stamps A new program will allow low-income families to purchase goods that they might not have access to locally. But is it a miracle or a mirage? Mario Anzuoni / Reuters Most Popular Today's News: Jan. 28, 2017 The Editors Jan 28, 2017 What Trump's Executive Order on Immigration Does—and Doesn't Do Krishnadev Calamur Jan 28, 2017 The Roots of a Counterproductive Immigration Policy David Frum Jan 28, 2017 The Mind of Donald Trump Dan P. McAdams May 16, 2016 How Trump’s Executive Orders Could Set America Back 70 Years Jeremi Suri Jan 27, 2017 Adam Chandler Jan 15, 2017 Business Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Last week, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced an ambitious-sounding pilot program that will give participants in Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)—best known by the colloquial term “food stamps”—a way to purchase their groceries online. The two-year trial, which will begin this summer, provides low-income Americans in seven states with a system to have eligible items delivered to their homes through retailers like FreshDirect, Amazon, Safeway, and ShopRite and to pay for them using federal benefits. "Online purchasing is a potential lifeline for SNAP participants living in urban neighborhoods and rural communities where access to healthy food choices can be limited," said USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack in a statement. The initiative is actually a provision of the 2014 Farm Bill, which requires the USDA to test an online ordering program. If the pilot succeeds, it could expand nationally, which would theoretically provide more than 43 million Americans who receive SNAP assistance with a new way to access healthier food. But despite its clear benefits, particularly for those with disabilities, limited transportation, or the millions of low-income Americans in food deserts, the success of the program is anything but certain. A number of factors including existing consumer habits, associated costs, and internet access could dim the prospects for the idea, while external opposition from lobbyists could potentially could block its full-scale adoption. In addition to good publicity, part of what lured seven retailers from Maryland to Iowa to Oregon to apply to participate in the USDA program was the chance to expand their customer bases, and increase revenue. Companies from Amazon down to Hy-Vee— an Iowa-based grocery— will collect delivery and service fees from these new transactions, fees that cannot be paid for with federal benefits. The retail partners also offer a host of food items that are not eligible for SNAP funds. What this may ultimately beget is a dynamic in which the convenience of the pilot program is overshadowed by the extra costs and logistical complications associated with delivery, along with the need for multiple forms of payment SNAP users will need to complete an order. Another challenge facing the program is the demographic overlap between SNAP recipients and Americans without internet access. A recent 2016 Pew survey shows that those most likely to lack regular access to the internet are lower-income minorities, particularly skewing younger and older. According to federal data, SNAP recipients—relative to the American population—break down along similar demographic lines, with over half of federal benefits given to children and seniors. Meanwhile, roughly 20 percent of Americans are primarily dependent on their smartphones for internet access, which could hamper the ability to navigate a complex online ordering system. Yet another hurdle may be geographic. While many tend to associate federal food assistance with urban poverty, the use of food stamps in rural communities has been growing steadily in recent years. As Rachel Cernansky at Civil Eats noted in 2014, enrollment among Americans eligible for SNAP was 13 percent higher in rural areas than in urban ones. This disparity no doubt affects how and particularly where SNAP benefits are spent; according to the Omaha World-Herald, “Slightly more than half of all SNAP dollars are spent at superstores like Walmart, which is not part of the pilot program.” And aside from the logistical challenges, once unveiled, the SNAP Online Purchasing Pilot seems poised to face political opposition from associations representing brick-and-mortar stores—who fear the program will cut into their margins. Following the reveal of the states participating in the pilot program, local retailers that might be affected quickly condemned the USDA initiative. "With supermarkets disappearing from neighborhoods in all five boroughs, this pilot program will only accelerate the trend," New York Association of Grocery Stores spokesman Brad Gerstman said in a statement. Meanwhile, in Annapolis, Cailey Locklair Tolle, the head of the Maryland Retailers Association, told the Baltimore Sun that she had received several calls from businesses about the program. “Any time you tinker with any part of the revenue for a grocery store, you can literally send them in the red very quickly,” she said. Despite these obstacles, the biggest challenge to the pilot program may come from the intended participants, whose habits may be difficult to change. A 2012 RAND study shed some light on the preconception that access to healthier food, particularly fruits and vegetables, materially translates into better diets. The study found limited compelling links between food environment and food consumption, meaning that the easier availability of quality foods may not trump consumer preferences for junk. And as I noted last month, large food companies have also sought to step into this breach, offering more products with less fat and sodium, only to find that they sell poorly. Online, people are still likely to want what they’ve always wanted. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video Smoked Salmon the Old-School Way How one Irishman uses 10,000-year-old turf to prepare fish from the Wild Atlantic Way Nadine Ajaka Jan 27, 2017 About the Author Adam Chandler is a senior associate editor at The Atlantic, where he covers business. Twitter Email Most Popular Presented by Carlos Barria / Reuters Today's News: Jan. 28, 2017 The Editors Google recalls staffers after Trump’s travel ban, Chicago’s Police Superintendent reveals he needs a kidney transplant, and Italy’s former prime minister, Silvio Berlusconi, will stand trial on charges he bribed witnesses to stay silent in a sex case. —President Donald Trump’s ban on travel to the U.S. from seven majority Muslim countries prompted Google to recall employees in the affected countries. —Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson revealed after a public dizzy spell that he needs a kidney transplant. —Silvio Berlusconi, the former prime minister of Italy, will stand trial on charges he bribed witnesses to stay silent in a case that accused him of paying young women for sex. —We’re tracking the news stories of the day below. All updates are in Eastern Standard Time (GMT -5). Continue Reading Jonathan Ernst / Reuters What Trump's Executive Order on Immigration Does—and Doesn't Do Krishnadev Calamur American citizens are not affected; green-card holders and others from seven Muslim countries are. President Trump signed on Friday an executive order that severely restricts immigration from seven Muslim countries, suspends all refugee admission for 120 days, and bars all Syrian refugees indefinitely. The order has been widely criticized and praised. Here’s what it does and doesn’t do. Who is not affected? Anyone with U.S. citizenship—whether that person in natural-born or naturalized. Who is affected? For 120 days, the order bars the entry of any refugee who is awaiting resettlement in the U.S. It also prohibits all Syrian refugees from entering the U.S. until further notice. Additionally, it bans the citizens of seven countries—Iraq, Iran, Syria, Somalia, Sudan, Libya, and Yemen—from entering the U.S. on any visa category. This appears to include those individuals who are permanent residents of the U.S. (green-card holders) who may have been traveling overseas to visit family or for work—though their applications will be considered on a case-by-case basis, a senior administration official said Saturday. Continue Reading Patrick Fallon / Reuters The Roots of a Counterproductive Immigration Policy David Frum The liberal scorn for nationhood and refusal to adapt immigration policy to changing circumstances enables the rise of extremism in the West. The Orlando nightclub shooter, the worst mass-casualty gunman in US history, was the son of immigrants from Afghanistan. The San Bernardino shooters were first and second generation immigrants from Pakistan. Nidal Hassan, the Fort Hood killer, was the son of Palestinian immigrants. The Tsarnaev brothers who detonated bombs at the 2013 Boston marathon held Kyrgyz nationality. The would-be 2010 Times Square car bomber was a naturalized immigrant from Pakistan. The ringleader of the Paris attacks of November 2015, about which Donald Trump spoke so much on the campaign trail, was a Belgian national of Moroccan origins. If the goal is to exclude radical Muslims from the United States, the executive order President Trump announced on Friday seems a highly ineffective way to achieve it. The Trump White House has incurred all the odium of an anti-Muslim religious test, without any attendant real-world benefit. The measure amounts to symbolic politics at its most stupid and counterproductive. Its most likely practical effect will be to aggravate the political difficulty of dealing directly and speaking without euphemisms about Islamic terrorism. As ridiculous as was the former Obama position that Islamic terrorism has nothing to do with Islam, the new Trump position that all Muslims are potential terrorists is vastly worse. Continue Reading Tom Pennington / Getty Images The Mind of Donald Trump Dan P. McAdams Narcissism, disagreeableness, grandiosity—a psychologist investigates how Trump’s extraordinary personality might shape his possible presidency. In 2006, Donald Trump made plans to purchase the Menie Estate, near Aberdeen, Scotland, aiming to convert the dunes and grassland into a luxury golf resort. He and the estate’s owner, Tom Griffin, sat down to discuss the transaction at the Cock & Bull restaurant. Griffin recalls that Trump was a hard-nosed negotiator, reluctant to give in on even the tiniest details. But, as Michael D’Antonio writes in his recent biography of Trump, Never Enough, Griffin’s most vivid recollection of the evening pertains to the theatrics. It was as if the golden-haired guest sitting across the table were an actor playing a part on the London stage. “It was Donald Trump playing Donald Trump,” Griffin observed. There was something unreal about it. Continue Reading Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP How Trump’s Executive Orders Could Set America Back 70 Years Jeremi Suri The president is taking the United States back to the nightmares of the world before the Second World War: closed borders, limited trade, and a go-it-alone national race to the bottom. Despite all the lies and distortions, President Donald Trump has spent his first week in office assembling a coherent and well-planned framework for foreign policy. It is hiding in plain sight—frequently missed in the storm of tweets and the attacks on domestic enemies. Read as a whole and in detail, with attention to their larger single-minded purpose, Trump’s executive orders are the blueprints for the most significant shift in American foreign policy since the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941. The latest drafts of executive orders, several of which the president will reportedly sign Friday at the Pentagon, are bold and breathtaking in their reach. They are strategic and transformative. They are also poised to destroy the foundations for the last 70 years of American-led peace and prosperity. The orders question the very ideas of cooperation and democracy, embodying an aggressive commitment to “America First” above all else. So much for the “defense of the free world,” and the “march of freedom”—obvious soft-headed “loser” ideas for the new team of White House cynics. Continue Reading Lucy Nicholson / Reuters On Pitying Melania Megan Garber Via memes, jokes, and fan fictions, many Americans have taken it upon themselves to feel bad for their new first lady. She is not in need of the sympathy. Did you see the gif? The one that features Melania Trump, the newly installed first lady of the United States, radiantly smiling as her husband gazes upon her … and then, as he turns away, allowing the grin to melt into a frown? Grin-grimace, grin-grimace, grin-grimace, looping into eternity. Call it a Kinsley gif: The image seemed to reveal, in its frozen fluidity, an unspoken truth—about Melania, about her marriage, about all of us. During a time of Much News, it quickly became conversation fodder. Slate offered “A Detailed Forensic Analysis of Melania Trump’s Creepy, Devastating Inauguration Smile/Frown.” Jezebel shared it with the sardonic declaration that “Melania Trump Definitely Loves Her Husband and Is Very Happy to Be Here.” New York magazine did a fact-check of the video the gif came from to assure us, finally, that “That Awkward Clip of Donald and Melania at the Inauguration Is Definitely Real.” (Snopes agreed, but warned that the video is inconclusive when it comes to its ability to reveal Melania’s emotions.) #FreeMelania trended. Continue Reading Morteza Nikoubazl / Reuters Why Fractals Are So Soothing Florence Williams Jackson Pollock’s paintings mirror nature’s patterns, like branching trees, snowflakes, waves—and the structure of the human eye. When Richard Taylor was 10 years old in the early 1970s in England, he chanced upon a catalogue of Jackson Pollock paintings. He was mesmerized, or perhaps a better word is Pollockized. Franz Mesmer, the crackpot 18th-century physician, posited the existence of animal magnetism between inanimate and animate objects. Pollock’s abstractions also seemed to elicit a certain mental state in the viewer. Now a physicist at the University of Oregon, Taylor thinks he has figured out what was so special about those Pollocks, and the answer has deep implications for human happiness. Continue Reading Lenny Ignelzi / AP Where Christian Leaders Stand on Trump's Refugee Policy Emma Green Many religious groups have urged the president not to give Christians priority in seeking asylum, but some conservative political organizations back his new ban on refugees. Updated on January 28 at at 10:41 a.m. EST President Trump has signed an executive order that temporarily suspends the U.S. refugee program and bars Syrian refugees. It will likely suspend immigration from certain Muslim-majority countries and bars the admission of anyone who engages in “acts of bigotry or hatred,” including “the persecution of those who practice religions different from their own.” It also allows the the secretaries of State and Homeland Security to jointly admit individuals on a case-by-case basis, “including when the person is a religious minority ... facing religious persecution.” In an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network on Friday, Trump clarified what this means: Christians refugees will be given priority status. “They’ve been horribly treated,” the president said. “Do you know if you were a Christian in Syria it was impossible, at least very tough, to get into the United States? If you were a Muslim you could come in, but if you were a Christian, it was almost impossible.” People overseas “were chopping off the heads of everybody, but more so the Christians,” he added, “so we are going to help them.” Continue Reading Bettman / Getty A Twitter Tribute to Holocaust Victims Candice Norwood A new social-media project commemorates refugees turned away by the United States in 1939. Software developer Russel Neiss and Rabbi Charlie Schwartz have collaborated on a number of projects that use technology to bring awareness to Jewish issues, history, and culture. But last night they dreamt up the St. Louis Manifest, a Twitter project sharing the story of some 900 Jews who fled Nazi Germany in 1939 on the MS St. Louis in an attempt to gain entry into the United States. After having to turn back, the passengers were forced to return to Europe, where a number of countries accepted them as refugees; 254 of them were killed in the Holocaust. This story, Neiss and Schwartz believe, serves as a fitting tribute to International Holocaust Remembrance Day on Friday, and a reminder of a time in American history when the country closed its doors to refugees. Continue Reading Alex Brandon / AP Advice for Those Weighing Jobs in the Trump Administration David Frum Assessing the risks of service Some 40 people were indicted as a result of the Watergate scandal. Among those sentenced to prison: the attorney general of the United States, the White House counsel, and President Nixon’s two most senior White House aides. A dozen men were convicted or pled guilty to a range of charges after the Iran-Contra affair. White Houses can be dangerous places under leadership that does not respect the law. When friends ask me, “Should I accept a job under President Trump?” it’s not merely a philosophical question. Answer the question wrong, and they may find themselves two or three years later facing a congressional investigation or possibly even a grand jury. Even those who never face charges—let alone conviction—can see their lives up-ended: As the saying goes, in Washington, the process is the punishment. Continue Reading Ways to Avoid Staring at Your Phone Before Bed James Hamblin, Nicolas Pollock, and Alice Roth Every night, set aside “the amazing hour." Watch Video What It Was Like to Watch the U.S. Presidential Election in a London Bar Nadine Ajaka “I can’t believe that the greatest country on earth, the best two people they can muster are these two individuals.” Watch Video A Reflection on Trump's Uncharted Presidency James Fallows, Caitlin Cadieux, Leah Varjacques, and Daniel Lombroso In a short animation, James Fallows considers what’s in store for this new era of American politics. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Business Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad >
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Arts Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Arts Performing Arts Visual Arts Classical Music Books Architecture Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Theater director attacked by masked men outside of Target in Cityplace still recovering Filed under Theater at Jan 15 Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Nancy Churnin, Theater Critic Connect with Nancy Churnin On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Derek Whitener, artistic and education director of The Firehouse Theatre in Farmers Branch, is recovering at Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas after being attacked in the parking lot of Target on Haskell Avenue in Dallas on Saturday night. Reward announced, photos released of men who attacked theater director outside Target in Uptown The 33-year-old Keller native and longtime director, actor and costume designer had stopped at the store on his way home from performing as Leaf Coneybear in The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee at Firehouse Theatre. Two masked men, one in a ski mask and the other in a monkey mask, attacked him, hitting Whitener with a pipe as he headed to his car, reports David  Moore, the company's executive business director. The men didn't steal anything. A police report was filed and Whitener was taken by ambulance to Baylor Hospital in Dallas. Firehouse Theatre artistic director Derek Whitener struggles to recover at Baylor Hospital. Whitener's Go Fund Me account has already raised more than $14,000 in nine hours to help with his medical care.  (Courtesy of FirehouseTheatre)  Whitener's skull was fractured. He underwent surgery Sunday, Moore said, to remove a hematoma on his brain. He is expected to be able to leave the hospital Thursday. While the Sunday matinee performance of Spelling Bee was canceled, the show will finish its run as scheduled Jan. 19-22 with Spencer Baker, who played the same role at Texas Wesleyan University in Fort Worth in 2016 . Whitener had also been working as the costume designer for the regional premiere of Aaron Posner's Stupid [Expletive] Bird at Stage West, which starts previews Jan. 19. Whitener, who has worked at many Texas theaters, including Zach Theatre in Austin, Amphibian Stage Productions in Fort Worth, WaterTower Theatre in Addison and Dallas Children's Theater, had just started a full-time position as artistic and education director of Firehouse Theatre Jan. 1.  In addition to directing and performing in shows, he's in charge of the community theater's new education initiative, funded by a grant from Walmart, that will allow him to bring a company of actors into public schools. Moore says he is hoping that Whitener will recover in time to direct the company's next show, Bye Bye Birdie, which opens Feb. 23. Derek Whitener (Courtesy of Firehouse Theatre)  Whitener, who attended the Fashion Institute of Technology and Marymount Manhattan College, impressed Moore with his first directing assignment for The Drowsy Chaperone in February of 2015. He quickly became a favorite with the board and the company's patrons. "We're thrilled that he's with us," Moore says. "He brings hope and light. He's a great storyteller and we love every show he does. His shows touch your heart regardless of the subject." A Go Fund Me account has been opened with the goal of raising money for Whitener's medical bills. You can find it here. The Whitener family released a statement Monday asking anyone who saw what happened Saturday night to come forth and help the police with their investigation. View Comments Tags Theater Performing Arts Crime Uptown Dallas Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Arts More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Win tickets to the Rachel Ray Burger Bash at the SOBE Wine and Food Festival. Enter now! News Deputies arrest cousin in teen's murder after 8-hour standoff in Apopka Mike Gue Mike Gue, 25, was arrested Sunday following an hourslong standoff with an Orange County Sheriff's Office SWAT team. Gue faces a first degree murder charge in his cousin's shooting death. Mike Gue, 25, was arrested Sunday following an hourslong standoff with an Orange County Sheriff's Office SWAT team. Gue faces a first degree murder charge in his cousin's shooting death. Ryan Gillespie and Christal Hayes Contact ReportersStaff Writer A heavy law enforcement presence and standoff was reported in Apopka, officials said Sunday. Privacy Policy After a nearly eight-hour standoff Sunday in Apopka, deputies arrested the cousin of a teenager who was killed last week. Mike Matthew Gue, 25, was arrested and taken to the Orange County Jail on a first-degree murder charge, according to the Orange County Sheriff's Office. While the standoff unfolded, SWAT officers were also called to help in the search for Markeith Loyd, who is wanted in the Jan. 9 killing of Orlando Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, as well as the December killing of and his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. SWAT officers searched an abandoned building at Rosemont Country Club, but did not find the convicted felon, Orlando Police spokeswoman Wanda Miglio said. The Rosemont area was one of the last places Loyd was spotted after the shooting. Both incidents happened as the funeral for Orange County Deputy Norman Lewis, who was killed in a traffic crash Jan. 9 during the search for Loyd, took place. The standoff in Apopka all stemmed from an incident Friday when Gue and his cousin, Joshua Hagins, argued in the road on Warren Sapp Drive, Sheriff's Office Capt. Angelo Nieves said. Raw video: Standoff in Apopka A person who lives near the standoff in Apopka films from a distance. A person who lives near the standoff in Apopka films from a distance. See more videos The argument turned violent about 10 p.m. when Gue pulled out a gun and shot 17-year-old Hagins, who was pronounced dead at the scene, Nieves said. Gue fled the area, and over the weekend, detectives had been trying to find him. Deputies got a tip about 12:30 p.m. and responded to a home on Binion Drive in Apopka. SWAT surrounded the home, in a rural area bordering Lake Apopka, and about 15 people were escorted from the house, Nieves said. Gue stayed inside for nearly eight hours as law enforcement shouted from a bull horn for him to come out peacefully. Even tear gas didn't force him out, Nieves said. 'Ride on, Big Norm': Motorcycle Deputy Lewis awarded Purple Heart at funeral Christal Hayes Everything about "Big Norm" was giant. His stature, at 6-feet, 5-inches tall and weighing about 300 pounds, his smile that had a way of infecting others, and his love of the job — even after 11 years of catching speedy drivers for the Orange County Sheriff's Office. As hundreds of family, friends... Everything about "Big Norm" was giant. His stature, at 6-feet, 5-inches tall and weighing about 300 pounds, his smile that had a way of infecting others, and his love of the job — even after 11 years of catching speedy drivers for the Orange County Sheriff's Office. As hundreds of family, friends... (Christal Hayes) Shortly after 8 p.m., SWAT went inside and found him in the attic, where he surrendered, Nieves said. No one was injured during the incident. Gue was being held Monday in the Orange County Jail without bail. rygillespie@orlandosentinel.com; chayes@orlandosentinel.com Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Crime Homicide Apopka Markeith Loyd Orange County Debra Clayton Standoff in Orange County All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 60°
NESN Red Sox Bruins Patriots Celtics MLB NFL NBA NHL Cars Soccer UFC WWE Odds Fantasy TV Schedule NESN Fuel NESN Video NESN National Advertise Careers About Search Patriots In Super Bowl LI Live Streams NFL Scoreboard Stats Standings Teams Players Odds Cowboys Fans Rush Into AT&T Stadium After Doors Open In Hilarious Scene by NESN Staff on Sun, Jan 15, 2017 at 4:41PM 1,483 Share this: Tweet Do you think Dallas Cowboys fans are excited about the NFL playoffs? After a 13-3 regular season and a legitimate chance to win Super Bowl LI, Cowboys fans are jacked up for Sunday’s divisional round game against the Green Bay Packers at AT&T Stadium. Need proof? Check out this scene as the doors at AT&T Stadium were opened Sunday. Doors have opened at AT&T Stadium pic.twitter.com/xNzQsBwK3J — Sean Shapiro (@seanshapiro) January 15, 2017 It looked like a large group of people rushing into a Walmart to grab the best Black Friday deals. But instead of that new HDTV, the rush was to see the Cowboys’ pregame warmups and all of those concession spots. More Stories Celtics Wrap: Boston Survives Bucks’ Comeback Bid In Thrilling Overtime Win Red Sox Left Fielder Andrew Benintendi Named Baseball’s Top Prospect Watch Justin Bieber Get Crushed During NHL Celebrity All-Star Game Over And Over Coyotes Goalie Mike Smith Drills Incredible 200-Foot Goal At NHL Skills Competition Alex Morgan ‘In Shock And Disbelief’ Over President Donald Trump’s Visa Ban NESN Team Dale Arnold Guerin Austin Andy Brickley Tom Caron Matt Chatham Mike Cole Courtney Cox Zack Cox Sarah Davis Marc DiBenedetto Ricky Doyle Dennis Eckersley Jack Edwards Keely Flanagan Sam Galanis Nicholas Goss Darren Hartwell John Henry Rachel Holt Andre Khatchaturian Doug Kyed Adam London Steve Lyons Cameron McDonough Charlie Moore Marcus O’Mard Adam Pellerin Jerry Remy Nikki Reyes Jim Rice Joshua Schrock Gary Striewski Michaela Vernava Ben Watanabe Jahmai Webster News from COED Australian Open 2017 Final Live Stream: Watch Federer vs. Nadal Online How Much Would You Pay For A Piece Of This 1995 Pizza Hut-Donald Trump Commercial? Carl Frampton vs. Léo Santa Cruz Live Stream: How To Watch Online Kansas vs. Kentucky Live Stream: How To Watch Online For Free Flavia Foianini: Hottest Photos Of The Bolivian Beauty Queen Australian Open Women’s Final Live Stream: Watch Venus vs. Serena Online News from thesportsdaily.com WATCH: John Legend blasts Donald Trump at PGA Awards Stephen Curry drains half-court buzzer-beater (VIDEO) Mikey Garcia knocks out previously-undefeated Dejan Zlaticanin to win title (VIDEO) WATCH: Justin Bieber destroyed by Chris Pronger, crashes into boards in All-Star Game Valentina Shevchenko armbars Julianna Peña, has great dance celebration (VIDEO) Sports Topics Boston Bruins Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox New England Patriots Liverpool FC Baltimore Orioles Boston Boxing Brooklyn Nets Buffalo Bills Buffalo Sabres College Basketball College Football Entertainment Fenway Park Fenway Sports Group Golf Horse Racing Los Angeles Lakers Miami Dolphins Montreal Canadiens New York Giants NASCAR New England Revolution New York Jets New York Knicks New York Rangers New York Yankees Roush Fenway Soccer Tampa Bay Rays Tennis Toronto Blue Jays Toronto Maple Leafs UFC WWE NESN Sources 98.5 Alexa ACE Ticket BostonBruins.com Boston Globe Boston Herald CraveOnline Celtics.com Chartbeat Compete comScore CSN New England ESPN Patriots.com NFL.com NHL.com Quantcast RedSox.com WEEI YES Network Recent Stories UFC Fight Night Denver Results: Valentina Shevchenko Tops Julianna Pena How Can Patriots Slow Down Julio Jones In Super Bowl LI? Roger Federer Vs. Rafael Nadal Australian Open Men’s Final Live Stream NESN Links About NESN Advertise on NESN Contact NESN FAQ Email List Subscribe Unsubscribe NESN on Facebook NESN on Google+ NESN on Twitter NESN on YouTube NESN RSS Feed Privacy Policy Terms of Use Certifications © 2017 NESN Powered by WordPress.com VIP
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 29, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Developing JUDGE STAYS TRUMP REFUGEE BAN Partial Suspension Allows Scores Stuck at Airports to Stay By MICHAEL D. SHEAR, NICHOLAS KULISH and ALAN FEUER 11:17 PM ET A federal judge in Brooklyn issued an emergency stay of part of President Trump’s executive order on immigration, ruling that sending refugees and others back would cause “irreparable harm.” Lawyers for the A.C.L.U., which filed the lawsuit, said the decision affects an estimated 100 to 200 people.  Comments Judge Who Blocked Order Praised for ‘Firm Moral Compass’ 1:18 AM ET The Immigration Order, Annotated Are you affected by President Trump’s executive order on immigration — or know someone who is? If you have information, please contact us: immigration@nytimes.com. News Analysis Ban Is Unlikely to Reduce Threat By SCOTT SHANE The unintended consequence of Mr. Trump’s directive, many experts believe, is that it will make the risk worse. Video by DAPHNE RUSTOW and AINARA TIEFENTHÄLER. Photo by Victor J. Blue for The New York Times   J.F.K. Airport Protest Came ‘Out of Nowhere’ By ELI ROSENBERG 11:17 PM ET Word of the demonstration filtered out from immigrant-advocacy groups and then got a big push from Michael Moore. Disbelief for Refugees Almost in the U.S. By ROD NORDLAND, JOE COCHRANE and PATRICK KINGSLEY Refugees who had already made it through the vetting procedure to be resettled in the United States reacted with disbelief to Mr. Trump’s ban. Sports Officials Fear a Fallout in International Arena A Welcome for Syrians Who Arrived Just in Time By JODI KANTOR Volunteers from an Illinois synagogue gathered to greet one of the last Syrian refugee families to be accepted in the United States with the warmest possible welcome. Far-Right Media Stokes Fear of Muslim Refugees ‘How Do I Get Back Home?’ Visa Ban May Keep Iranian Director From Oscars Trump and Putin Talk, but Not About U.S. Sanctions By PETER BAKER and ANDREW E. KRAMER 10:31 PM ET Mr. Trump spoke by phone with Russia’s leader, in what the new administration called a “significant start to improving the relationship” between the two countries. Unreality Show Echoes Trump’s Business Past By DAVID BARSTOW As a businessman and candidate, Mr. Trump often made dubious statements, but even jaded political veterans have been astonished by his false claims since he took office. Taliban Tap New Income Stream: Bills for Afghan Utilities By MUJIB MASHAL and NAJIM RAHIM As militants have taken over increasingly large areas in the past two years, they have found ways beyond the illicit drug trade to make money. American Is Accused of Aiding ISIS With Gift Cards By ERIC LICHTBLAU The prosecution of Nick Young offers a revealing look at the F.B.I.’s shadowy attempts to identify possible Islamic extremists, an effort President Trump has vowed to intensify. Many Japanese Look for a Shift to Female Heirs to the Throne By MOTOKO RICH As the governing party considers allowing Emperor Akihito to retire, many in the public believe the law should be permanently changed to admit women as heirs to the throne. The Daily 360 1:30 How to Make a Chinese Lantern Sarah Li /The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix Turning an Apartment’s Quirks Into Assets By MICHELLE HIGGINS Apartments in the city often have issues that can turn off a potential buyer. Here’s what you can do about it. 11 Reasons to Buy a Rotisserie Chicken NYT Cooking Reason 1: You don’t have to cook it. Reasons 2-11 are recipes. Veterans Pay the Cost for U.S. Nuclear Tests By DAVE PHILIPPS Between 1977 and 1980, roughly 4,000 service members helped clean up Enewetak Atoll from nuclear tests. Many now have ailments they think result from the work, but the government won’t provide health care. John Hurt, Actor Who Vanished Into Roles, Dies at 77 By BRUCE WEBER Mr. Hurt was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of the title role in the 1980 film “The Elephant Man,” and gained fame as the first victim of the chest-bursting monster in “Alien.” Watch: His Most Memorable Roles 11:57 PM A Tribute to the Apollo 1 Disaster, and the End of an Era By LILY KOPPEL Families of astronauts and fans of space travel gathered at Cape Canaveral for what may have been the last memorial for three astronauts who were killed during a routine training mission. Ten Centuries Later, a Pope and Knights Do Battle By JASON HOROWITZ A Vatican rift has spilled into the Knights of Malta, a sovereign order. Freemasons, beware. Serena Williams Wins Australian Open, Breaking Record By CHRISTOPHER CLAREY With her 23rd Grand Slam singles championship, Serena Williams broke Steffi Graf’s record for most major wins in the Open era and reclaimed the top world ranking. Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic One-Man Traffic Jam Will Hit City When Trump Visits By SARAH MASLIN NIR The prolonged protection of a president and his glass and steel home in the heart of Manhattan will be a new challenge even for the Secret Service. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. How to Act Drunk, With Richard Roxburgh Mr. Roxburgh stars as Mikhail in “The Present,” a Chekhov adaptation that floats along on a vodka tide, at the Ethel Barrymore Theater. Two Boys Lose, and Find, Themselves in Cricket In Aravind Adiga’s new novel, “Selection Day,” the game of cricket may pull two boys out of India’s slums. No Escaping Politics at the Sundance Film Festival While the event says it champions artists, not politics, its array of films affirms its decidedly diverse identity. Sunday Review Live From the White House, It’s Trump TV By DEREK THOMPSON The president has begun to broadcast his alternative reality.  Comments Editorial: Can Donald Trump Handle the Truth? Trump’s Muslim Ban Is Cowardly and Dangerous By THE EDITORIAL BOARD History has its eyes on Trump officials and members of Congress who know better, but are staying silent. Op-Ed: Trump’s Policy on Immigration Is Illegal Kristof: My Refugee Family How My Mom Learned to Love Her Son By TENNESSEE JONES When I transitioned, she couldn’t look at me without crying. Then we both changed.  Comments Bruni: A Sisterly ‘No’ to Donald Trump Douthat: The Fog of Trump Dowd: Wild Child in Charge User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads An Iraqi Family Split by the Vicissitudes of Asylum Though theirs is an immigrant success story in some respects, with sons working and one owning a business, Maha al-Obaidi grieves that half her family remains half a world away. Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. A Door to a Home Brimming With Love, and Open to All Sandra Parker, inspired by her own upbringing, has welcomed the task of raising several of her grandchildren, stepping up when her children could not. ‘To Hell and Back’ as a Cancer Survivor, Storm Victim and Caregiver DeBraan Varvaro, 61, provides care for her younger sister, who is a paranoid schizophrenic. Their financial and health problems worsened after Hurricane Sandy. Earning a Degree, and Her Daughters’ Admiration Latisha Hopewell, a Neediest Cases beneficiary, became the first in her family to earn a college degree. She also motivated her two daughters. After Escape From Syria, Another Dangerous Foe: Diabetes A Neediest Cases beneficiary agency tries to help bridge a health care gap for a young refugee in Jordan, far from home. Stepping Out of the Ring While Rolling With the Punches Joanna Acevedo, 22, had to quit boxing and postpone her dreams to care for her daughter, who was born with a rare condition that has affected her eyesight. After Retirement, Finding a ‘Second Career’ as a Volunteer There are 2,500 volunteers in the Retired and Senior Volunteer Program, working with 350 nonprofits and helping people manage their finances and apply for public assistance. Dangers Behind and Uncertainties Ahead, but Together at Last Eleven years after they last saw their mother, José and Juan Rivera left El Salvador to join her in the United States, where new challenges awaited them. Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. Hungry and Ill in a Country Plundered by Boko Haram A family struggles to get adequate health care and sustenance in Nigeria. From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Book Review Roxane Gay: By the Book Opinion Gray Matter: The Normalization Trap Our minds tend to blur what’s typical with what’s acceptable. Movies The Oscar Redemption Narrative Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Sunday Review Letters: College Success, for All Television Barbara Hale, ‘Perry Mason’ Actress, Dies Music Japandroids: Shriek-Along Punk Sunday Review One Country, Two Tribes Sabrina Tavernise spent 15 years covering political conflicts overseas. Now she sees the same kinds of angry divisions tearing at America. Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Art & Design Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89 Sunday Review How My Mom Learned to Love Her Son Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Sections World » Ten Centuries Later, a Pope and Knights Do Battle Taliban, Collecting Bills for Afghan Utilities, Tap New Revenue Sources In Canada, Justin Trudeau Says Refugees Are Welcome Business Day » One Certainty of Trump’s Wall: Big Money Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans In America’s Heartland, Discussing Climate Change Without Saying ‘Climate Change’ Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Mexico’s Forceful Resistance Editorial: The Voter Fraud Fantasy Gail Collins: The Trump War on Public Schools U.S. » Judge Blocks Trump Order on Refugees Amid Chaos and Outcry Worldwide Iraqi Immigrant, Caught in a Trump Policy Tangle, Is Allowed to Stay Warm Welcome for Syrians in a Country About to Ban Them Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » Seth Meyers Confronts the Trump Era on ‘Late Night’ Trump’s Visa Ban May Keep Nominated Iranian Director From Attending Oscars John Hurt, British Actor Hailed for His Shape-Shifting Roles, Dies at 77 Politics » Trump’s Plan to Fight ISIS Includes Calling It by That Name Trump and Putin Connect, but Avoid Talk of Lifting U.S. Sanctions Trump Toughens Some Facets of Lobbying Ban and Weakens Others Fashion & Style » Circa Now: These Booths Are Made For Talking: Soothers Hit the Streets Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Trump’s Visa Ban May Keep Nominated Iranian Director From Attending Oscars Watch John Hurt in His Most Memorable Roles New York » Protest Grows ‘Out of Nowhere’ at Kennedy Airport After Iraqis Are Detained Judge Blocks Trump Order on Refugees Amid Chaos and Outcry Worldwide Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street Sports » Trump’s Immigration Order Could Have a Big Impact on Sports Serena Williams Beats Venus Williams to Win Her 7th Australian Open Title Arrogate Spoils California Chrome’s Last Race, at Pegasus World Cup Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Bryan Cranston to Play Howard Beale on Stage in ‘Network’ Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » John Hurt, British Actor Hailed for His Shape-Shifting Roles, Dies at 77 Barbara Hale, Who Played Perry Mason’s Loyal Secretary, Dies at 94 Arthur Rosenfeld, Zealous Champion of Energy Efficiency, Dies at 90 Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Opinion: Live From the White House, It’s Trump TV Editorial: Donald Trump’s Muslim Ban Is Cowardly and Dangerous Frank Bruni: A Sisterly ‘No’ to Donald Trump Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » What I Love A Theater Actor Finds a Place for All His Props By JOANNE KAUFMAN For Max von Essen, owning an apartment in New York was the first step. Then came the furnishings and the renovations — one for every show. More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 29, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Developing JUDGE STAYS TRUMP REFUGEE BAN Partial Suspension Allows Scores Stuck at Airports to Stay By MICHAEL D. SHEAR, NICHOLAS KULISH and ALAN FEUER 11:17 PM ET A federal judge in Brooklyn issued an emergency stay of part of President Trump’s executive order on immigration, ruling that sending refugees and others back would cause “irreparable harm.” Lawyers for the A.C.L.U., which filed the lawsuit, said the decision affects an estimated 100 to 200 people.  Comments Judge Who Blocked Order Praised for ‘Firm Moral Compass’ 1:18 AM ET The Immigration Order, Annotated Are you affected by President Trump’s executive order on immigration — or know someone who is? If you have information, please contact us: immigration@nytimes.com. News Analysis Ban Is Unlikely to Reduce Threat By SCOTT SHANE The unintended consequence of Mr. Trump’s directive, many experts believe, is that it will make the risk worse. Video by DAPHNE RUSTOW and AINARA TIEFENTHÄLER. Photo by Victor J. Blue for The New York Times   J.F.K. Airport Protest Came ‘Out of Nowhere’ By ELI ROSENBERG 11:17 PM ET Word of the demonstration filtered out from immigrant-advocacy groups and then got a big push from Michael Moore. Disbelief for Refugees Almost in the U.S. By ROD NORDLAND, JOE COCHRANE and PATRICK KINGSLEY Refugees who had already made it through the vetting procedure to be resettled in the United States reacted with disbelief to Mr. Trump’s ban. Sports Officials Fear a Fallout in International Arena A Welcome for Syrians Who Arrived Just in Time By JODI KANTOR Volunteers from an Illinois synagogue gathered to greet one of the last Syrian refugee families to be accepted in the United States with the warmest possible welcome. Far-Right Media Stokes Fear of Muslim Refugees ‘How Do I Get Back Home?’ Visa Ban May Keep Iranian Director From Oscars Trump and Putin Talk, but Not About U.S. Sanctions By PETER BAKER and ANDREW E. KRAMER 10:31 PM ET Mr. Trump spoke by phone with Russia’s leader, in what the new administration called a “significant start to improving the relationship” between the two countries. Unreality Show Echoes Trump’s Business Past By DAVID BARSTOW As a businessman and candidate, Mr. Trump often made dubious statements, but even jaded political veterans have been astonished by his false claims since he took office. Taliban Tap New Income Stream: Bills for Afghan Utilities By MUJIB MASHAL and NAJIM RAHIM As militants have taken over increasingly large areas in the past two years, they have found ways beyond the illicit drug trade to make money. American Is Accused of Aiding ISIS With Gift Cards By ERIC LICHTBLAU The prosecution of Nick Young offers a revealing look at the F.B.I.’s shadowy attempts to identify possible Islamic extremists, an effort President Trump has vowed to intensify. Many Japanese Look for a Shift to Female Heirs to the Throne By MOTOKO RICH As the governing party considers allowing Emperor Akihito to retire, many in the public believe the law should be permanently changed to admit women as heirs to the throne. The Daily 360 1:30 How to Make a Chinese Lantern Sarah Li /The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix Turning an Apartment’s Quirks Into Assets By MICHELLE HIGGINS Apartments in the city often have issues that can turn off a potential buyer. Here’s what you can do about it. 11 Reasons to Buy a Rotisserie Chicken NYT Cooking Reason 1: You don’t have to cook it. Reasons 2-11 are recipes. Veterans Pay the Cost for U.S. Nuclear Tests By DAVE PHILIPPS Between 1977 and 1980, roughly 4,000 service members helped clean up Enewetak Atoll from nuclear tests. Many now have ailments they think result from the work, but the government won’t provide health care. John Hurt, Actor Who Vanished Into Roles, Dies at 77 By BRUCE WEBER Mr. Hurt was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of the title role in the 1980 film “The Elephant Man,” and gained fame as the first victim of the chest-bursting monster in “Alien.” Watch: His Most Memorable Roles 11:57 PM A Tribute to the Apollo 1 Disaster, and the End of an Era By LILY KOPPEL Families of astronauts and fans of space travel gathered at Cape Canaveral for what may have been the last memorial for three astronauts who were killed during a routine training mission. Ten Centuries Later, a Pope and Knights Do Battle By JASON HOROWITZ A Vatican rift has spilled into the Knights of Malta, a sovereign order. Freemasons, beware. Serena Williams Wins Australian Open, Breaking Record By CHRISTOPHER CLAREY With her 23rd Grand Slam singles championship, Serena Williams broke Steffi Graf’s record for most major wins in the Open era and reclaimed the top world ranking. Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic One-Man Traffic Jam Will Hit City When Trump Visits By SARAH MASLIN NIR The prolonged protection of a president and his glass and steel home in the heart of Manhattan will be a new challenge even for the Secret Service. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. How to Act Drunk, With Richard Roxburgh Mr. Roxburgh stars as Mikhail in “The Present,” a Chekhov adaptation that floats along on a vodka tide, at the Ethel Barrymore Theater. Two Boys Lose, and Find, Themselves in Cricket In Aravind Adiga’s new novel, “Selection Day,” the game of cricket may pull two boys out of India’s slums. No Escaping Politics at the Sundance Film Festival While the event says it champions artists, not politics, its array of films affirms its decidedly diverse identity. Sunday Review Live From the White House, It’s Trump TV By DEREK THOMPSON The president has begun to broadcast his alternative reality.  Comments Editorial: Can Donald Trump Handle the Truth? Trump’s Muslim Ban Is Cowardly and Dangerous By THE EDITORIAL BOARD History has its eyes on Trump officials and members of Congress who know better, but are staying silent. Op-Ed: Trump’s Policy on Immigration Is Illegal Kristof: My Refugee Family How My Mom Learned to Love Her Son By TENNESSEE JONES When I transitioned, she couldn’t look at me without crying. Then we both changed.  Comments Bruni: A Sisterly ‘No’ to Donald Trump Douthat: The Fog of Trump Dowd: Wild Child in Charge User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads An Iraqi Family Split by the Vicissitudes of Asylum Though theirs is an immigrant success story in some respects, with sons working and one owning a business, Maha al-Obaidi grieves that half her family remains half a world away. Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. A Door to a Home Brimming With Love, and Open to All Sandra Parker, inspired by her own upbringing, has welcomed the task of raising several of her grandchildren, stepping up when her children could not. ‘To Hell and Back’ as a Cancer Survivor, Storm Victim and Caregiver DeBraan Varvaro, 61, provides care for her younger sister, who is a paranoid schizophrenic. Their financial and health problems worsened after Hurricane Sandy. Earning a Degree, and Her Daughters’ Admiration Latisha Hopewell, a Neediest Cases beneficiary, became the first in her family to earn a college degree. She also motivated her two daughters. After Escape From Syria, Another Dangerous Foe: Diabetes A Neediest Cases beneficiary agency tries to help bridge a health care gap for a young refugee in Jordan, far from home. Stepping Out of the Ring While Rolling With the Punches Joanna Acevedo, 22, had to quit boxing and postpone her dreams to care for her daughter, who was born with a rare condition that has affected her eyesight. After Retirement, Finding a ‘Second Career’ as a Volunteer There are 2,500 volunteers in the Retired and Senior Volunteer Program, working with 350 nonprofits and helping people manage their finances and apply for public assistance. Dangers Behind and Uncertainties Ahead, but Together at Last Eleven years after they last saw their mother, José and Juan Rivera left El Salvador to join her in the United States, where new challenges awaited them. Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. Hungry and Ill in a Country Plundered by Boko Haram A family struggles to get adequate health care and sustenance in Nigeria. From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Book Review Roxane Gay: By the Book Opinion Gray Matter: The Normalization Trap Our minds tend to blur what’s typical with what’s acceptable. Movies The Oscar Redemption Narrative Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Sunday Review Letters: College Success, for All Television Barbara Hale, ‘Perry Mason’ Actress, Dies Music Japandroids: Shriek-Along Punk Sunday Review One Country, Two Tribes Sabrina Tavernise spent 15 years covering political conflicts overseas. Now she sees the same kinds of angry divisions tearing at America. Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Art & Design Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89 Sunday Review How My Mom Learned to Love Her Son Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Sections World » Ten Centuries Later, a Pope and Knights Do Battle Taliban, Collecting Bills for Afghan Utilities, Tap New Revenue Sources In Canada, Justin Trudeau Says Refugees Are Welcome Business Day » One Certainty of Trump’s Wall: Big Money Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans In America’s Heartland, Discussing Climate Change Without Saying ‘Climate Change’ Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Mexico’s Forceful Resistance Editorial: The Voter Fraud Fantasy Gail Collins: The Trump War on Public Schools U.S. » Judge Blocks Trump Order on Refugees Amid Chaos and Outcry Worldwide Iraqi Immigrant, Caught in a Trump Policy Tangle, Is Allowed to Stay Warm Welcome for Syrians in a Country About to Ban Them Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » Seth Meyers Confronts the Trump Era on ‘Late Night’ Trump’s Visa Ban May Keep Nominated Iranian Director From Attending Oscars John Hurt, British Actor Hailed for His Shape-Shifting Roles, Dies at 77 Politics » Trump’s Plan to Fight ISIS Includes Calling It by That Name Trump and Putin Connect, but Avoid Talk of Lifting U.S. Sanctions Trump Toughens Some Facets of Lobbying Ban and Weakens Others Fashion & Style » Circa Now: These Booths Are Made For Talking: Soothers Hit the Streets Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Trump’s Visa Ban May Keep Nominated Iranian Director From Attending Oscars Watch John Hurt in His Most Memorable Roles New York » Protest Grows ‘Out of Nowhere’ at Kennedy Airport After Iraqis Are Detained Judge Blocks Trump Order on Refugees Amid Chaos and Outcry Worldwide Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street Sports » Trump’s Immigration Order Could Have a Big Impact on Sports Serena Williams Beats Venus Williams to Win Her 7th Australian Open Title Arrogate Spoils California Chrome’s Last Race, at Pegasus World Cup Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Bryan Cranston to Play Howard Beale on Stage in ‘Network’ Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » John Hurt, British Actor Hailed for His Shape-Shifting Roles, Dies at 77 Barbara Hale, Who Played Perry Mason’s Loyal Secretary, Dies at 94 Arthur Rosenfeld, Zealous Champion of Energy Efficiency, Dies at 90 Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Opinion: Live From the White House, It’s Trump TV Editorial: Donald Trump’s Muslim Ban Is Cowardly and Dangerous Frank Bruni: A Sisterly ‘No’ to Donald Trump Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » What I Love A Theater Actor Finds a Place for All His Props By JOANNE KAUFMAN For Max von Essen, owning an apartment in New York was the first step. Then came the furnishings and the renovations — one for every show. More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Food & Drink Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Home Restaurants Fast Food Celebrity Chefs Extreme Foods Food Trends Holiday Restaurants Chuck E. Cheese hosting 'sensory-free' Sundays for autistic children Published January 12, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print The move by Chuck E. Cheese follows a new trend in assisting disabled customers.  (iStock) Chuck E. Cheese, known for its singing animatronic critters, flashing lights and overexcited patrons, is getting a little bit quieter to accommodate special needs guests.  Now, on the first Sunday of each month, several locations the kid-friendly restaurant-gaming chain will host "sensory-free" hours from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. for kids with autism and other disabilities. Instead of the usual flashing lights and blaring music, 54 locations across New England, New York and New Jersey will be dimming the lights and turning down the tunes, allow outside food to accomodate kids with dietary restrictions, and have specially trained staff on hand. The restaurant also says its usual costumed characters won't be roaming the floors during the 'sensory-free' hours. FLASHBACK: CHUCK E. CHEESE UNVEILS NEW MENU FOR YOUNGER DINERS The move to provide a modified atmosphere for autistic children and other special needs families follows a growing trend among retailers. A Target store in Pennsylvania recently started providing quiet early morning shopping hours for autistic customers by turning off the store music, dimming the typically bright lights and keeping the general store activity to a minimum, according to Consumerist. And efforts to help disabled customers have been taking places overseas, too with grocery stores in the U.K. also offering “quiet hours” for autistic shoppers. FOR THE LATEST FOOD FEATURES FOLLOW FOX LIFESTYLE ON FACEBOOK  Asda, a British grocery store chain owned by Walmart, started providing quiet times at a Manchester location in May 2016. For the first hour of business, electronic screens and music were turned off, escalators were shut down and store employees were banned from using the public announcement system. The Asda store’s general manager, Simon Lea, said he decided on the idea after viewing an autistic child and his mother struggle while shopping in the busy supermarket. The National Autistic Society (NAS) of the U.K. praised the move. According to NAS, supermarkets, busy stores and restaurants can be "extremely challenging" for autistic customers because of the bright lights, unfamiliar smells and crowds. As for Mr. Chuck E. Cheese, here’s a full list of locations participating in 'sensory-free' Sunday.  Advertisement Trending in Food & Drink 1 DHS will continue to enforce Trump's travel ban 2 Protests erupt at airports around the U.S. following Trump travel ban 3 Trump signs memorandum to defeat ISIS, executive order to curtail ex-officials from lobbying 4 Kremlin: Trump-Putin call focused on improved relations, defeating ISIS 5 Netanyahu backs Trump's Mexico wall, touts similar one on Egypt border as 'great idea' See all Trends From Around the Web Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
GoSearch News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 34° 34° Low 34° High 49° Mon 30° 43° Tue 39° 50° Wed 36° 53° See complete forecast Watch: Funeral for fallen Orange County Sheriff’s deputy Norman Lewis Posted 2:13 pm, January 15, 2017, by Web Staff and CNN Wire, Updated at 05:01PM, January 15, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email ORLANDO, Fla. – People gathered to the First Baptist Church of Orlando to celebrate the life of Orange County Sheriff’s deputy Norman Lewis, who died in Norman “Big Norm” Lewis (Photo: Orange County Sheriff’s Office/Facebook) a motorcycle crash while searching for a murder suspect. Lewis, know to coworkers and friends as “Big Norm,” was born in Manhattan, New York. He played football at the University of Central Florida, where he later graduated with a Bachelors of Science in criminal justice. Lewis joined the Orange County Sheriff’s Office in 2005, eventually joining the agency’s Motor/DUI unit. “Supervisors received several calls about “that deputy who is always smiling” commenting about how friendly Norman was during their encounter. One motorist wrote ‘I am now poorer in my wallet than when we met, I’m richer for the experience of someone who truly exemplifies a good cop,'” The Orange County Sheriff’s Office said in Facebook post. He is survived by his parents, Norma and John Lewis and preceded in death by his brother, Darryl Smiley and sister, Celcilia Jean Lewis. The murder suspect, Markeith Loyd, is suspected of killing Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Monday when she tried to approach him at an Orlando-area Walmart. Authorities said they have arrested three people they say helped Loyd. Two of the arrests stem from the investigation into the shooting death of Sade Dixon, Loyd’s pregnant girlfriend, in December. Authorities said the suspects aided Loyd’s attempts to avoid apprehension after that killing. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email The News 3 App Center Get the latest news and live radar on your phone! Popular Student arrested for having gun at Virginia Beach high school Virginia Beach mom and children missing over 3 days found safe Bill would end Virginia’s ‘winner take all’ electoral vote system Timeline: What we know about missing Virginia Beach mom, two children Latest News Sunday’s First Warning Forecast: Seasonable temperatures and increasing clouds Lady Monarchs complete a Texas sweep with a 62-47 win over North Texas Spartans stop Bethune-Cookman 73-66, extend win streak to 4 Portsmouth Police make arrest in baby death investigation News Orlando: Manhunt for suspected cop killer expands; reward now $100,000 News Watch: Funeral for fallen Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton News Orlando manhunt: Three arrested, tips pour in News Orlando police officer killed; sheriff’s deputy dies during manhunt News Suspect in Yorktown security guard’s murder arrested News Watch: Authorities address media after man suspected of killing Orlando sergeant captured News Update: Suspect in Yorktown security guard’s murder arrested News Virginia Beach teen arrested after eluding police in stolen car News Family, friends remember security guard killed outside York County restaurant  News Man leaves behind shirt after sexually assaulting woman in roadside ditch News Fallen officers: 51 shot dead in the line of duty in 2016 News ‘It was insane’: Maid of honor turns Florida wedding into nightmare News Isle of Wight deputy involved in crash on James River Bridge Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Stolen car recovered after short police chase to Wal-Mart - Cleveland 19 News Cleveland, OH Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Must See Stories CLE43 Focus Text Alerts Traffic Maps See it. Snap it. Send it. Seen on 19 News CLE43 Focus Cleveland 19 Investigative Unit National/Int'l News State News Editorials with Erik Schrader Trending Stories The Buzz: Entertainment News Weather List | School Closings Download First Alert weather app Interactive Radar Sports OSU Football Tailgate 19 Fifth Quarter On the Mark Tony Zarrella's Z Files Sports Slideshows Cleveland Browns VIDEO Your Health Health Headlines Lifebanc: Organ Donation News Spot the Signs : Opioid Crisis Your Money Cleveland Now Partners Find Cheap Gas Near You! Recalls About Us Meet the Team Internships & Shadowing Cleveland 19 Careers Get our apps Editorials with Erik Schrader What's on Cleveland 19? Contests Cleveland open casting calls Management Advertise Stolen car recovered after short police chase to Wal-Mart 2017-01-15T17:23:31Z2017-01-15T17:25:44Z Posted by Cleveland 19 Digital Team Email Connect web@19actionnews.com Follow @cleveland19news (Source: Raycom Media) NORTH RIDGEVILLE, OH (WOIO) - Police officers in Garfield Heights and North Ridgeville used a stolen car's On-Star system to track down the vehicle Sunday morning after a brief chase by car and foot.  The Garfield Heights Police Department called North Ridgeville when they noticed the car was traveling westbound on I-480 around 7:30 a.m. this morning. Once the car exited on State Route 83 to Ridge Road, several North Ridgeville police officers pursued the car.  When officers tried to pull the car over, the driver fled at a high rate of speed, according to police. The short car chase ended at Wal-Mart and an adult man driving the car and a youth passenger got out of the car and ran before police stopped them on foot.  Garfield Heights picked up the suspects and charges are pending. The vehicle was handed over to the owner, police said.  Download the Cleveland 19 News app.  Copyright 2017 WOIO. All rights reserved. Seen on 19Seen on 19More>> Cleveland start-up, BluBoard is a sign of things to come Cleveland start-up, BluBoard is a sign of things to come Updated: Monday, January 23 2017 12:06 PM EST2017-01-23 17:06:47 GMT New technology is changing the way companies display signs. (Source: WOIO) Not as well known, but just as important, there is now a thriving creative product development culture growing particularly on the Healthline from downtown to University Circle. More >> Not as well known, but just as important, there is now a thriving creative product development culture growing particularly on the Healthline from downtown to University Circle.More >> Principal calls cheerleading squad 'too ghetto' Principal calls cheerleading squad 'too ghetto' Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 9:37 AM EST2017-01-27 14:37:47 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:37 AM EST2017-01-27 14:37:47 GMT According to the student newspaper, Springbrook High School's principal told the squad's coach their dancing was a "little too ghetto" and to "tone it down."  More >> According to the student newspaper, Springbrook High School's principal told the squad's coach their dancing was a "little too ghetto" and to "tone it down." More >> Mississippi fast food worker accused of smearing menstrual blood on food Mississippi fast food worker accused of smearing menstrual blood on food Updated: Thursday, January 26 2017 8:41 AM EST2017-01-26 13:41:40 GMT Sky Samuel, Source: Columbus PD On Monday, January 23, the worker, identified as 18-year-old Sky Juliett Samuel, turned herself in to police to face felony charges of intentionally serving contaminated food. She is jailed in the Lowndes County Adult Detention Center. More >> On Monday, January 23, the worker, identified as 18-year-old Sky Juliett Samuel, turned herself in to police to face felony charges of intentionally serving contaminated food. She is jailed in the Lowndes County Adult Detention Center.More >> Saturn's moon looks like the Death Star Saturn's moon looks like the Death Star Posted: Tuesday, January 24 2017 5:06 PM EST2017-01-24 22:06:07 GMT Updated: Tuesday, January 24 2017 5:16 PM EST2017-01-24 22:16:08 GMT Cassini launched in 1997 and is scheduled to end its mission later in 2017, when it will plunge into Saturn's atmosphere. More >> Cassini launched in 1997 and is scheduled to end its mission later in 2017, when it will plunge into Saturn's atmosphere.More >> Nearly $20 million in cash tucked away in box spring Nearly $20 million in cash tucked away in box spring Posted: Tuesday, January 24 2017 6:17 AM EST2017-01-24 11:17:46 GMT Updated: Tuesday, January 24 2017 6:20 AM EST2017-01-24 11:20:00 GMT Federal agents seized the money earlier this month in Westborough while investigating a massive internet phone service pyramid scheme.More >> Federal agents seized the money earlier this month in Westborough while investigating a massive internet phone service pyramid scheme.More >>    SpecialStay InformedMore>> Text Alerts Text Alerts Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Download: Cleveland 19 Apps Get our apps News and weather apps for iPhone, Android, Blackberry and tablets.More >> Can't Find Something? 1717 E. 12th Street Cleveland, OH 44114 (216) 771-1943 FCC Public File publicfile@woio.com (216) 367-7535 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Sunday, Jan 29, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Retail Metro Toledo vacancy rates fell in ’16 Retail evolution occurs as lease rates rise and empty spaces at lowest level since 2009 By JON CHAVEZ   | BLADE BUSINESS WRITER Published on Jan. 15, 2017 | Updated 7:36 a. m. The AAA’s auto service center is nearly complete on Central Avenue in front of the Meijer store. The retail industry is refocusing on services, such as auto repair, rather than retail. THE BLADE/ANDY MORRISON Buy This Image Phase two of the Westgate Village Shopping Center, on Central Avenue across the street from Costco, will have two restaurants and one service provider. THE BLADE/ANDY MORRISON Buy This Image THE BLADE Buy This Image Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Retailing in the Toledo area improved last year, resulting in fewer vacancies and higher lease rates for owners of retail space. Vacancies are now at their lowest level — 10.8 percent — since before the commercial real estate market crashed in 2009, according to a 2016 year-end report by the commercial real estate firm Reichle Klein Group of Toledo. A year earlier the rate was 12 percent. Lease rates a year ago averaged $7.44 a square foot per year in the Toledo market but now are at $7.90 a square foot.  And some newer niche properties are at $35 a square foot. “It’s exciting. There’s a lot of positive news,” said Duke Wheeler, a retail specialist with Reichle Klein. Phase two of the Westgate Village Shopping Center, on Central Avenue across the street from Costco, will have two restaurants and one service provider. THE BLADE/ANDY MORRISON Enlarge | Buy This Image But while retail space in town is filling up, it also is going through an evolution, said Sam Zyndorf, senior vice president and principal at the Toledo office of commercial real estate firm Signature Associates. “It’s either food or service. Nobody’s opening up dress shops anymore.” Mr. Zyndorf said. “Food, service, cell-phone places, that’s what they are putting in strip centers. ... Ma-and-pa stores are dying a slow death.” Vacancy rates fell and lease rates rose in several Toledo-area submarkets — central city, East Toledo/​Oregon/​Northwood, North Toledo, South/​Southwest, and West Toledo/​Sylvania.  Vacancies also rose and lease rates fell in Lambertville/​Temperance and Perrysburg/​Rossford. Reichle Klein said falling vacancies and rising lease rates in some of submarkets stems partly from development of retail-strip centers that have become hotly sought-after sites.  Such sites include the Secor Village retail center on Secor Road, where a 365 by Whole Foods store will soon open, and strip centers on Airport Highway at McCord Road in Springfield Township and on State Rt. 25 at Eckel Junction Road in Perrysburg. “Leases are being signed in these apex-market niches in the range of $35 per square foot. To put this trend in perspective, historically, we would only have seen rents in the mid-$30s in the Toledo area in the premier enclosed mall, Franklin Park,” the report said. New construction of retail space last year totaled 103,708 square feet, which was less than 1 percent of the 21.8 million square feet of retail space in metro Toledo. The report makes it clear that, while new retailers are entering the Toledo market, there is growing demand for retail space from nontraditional users, especially firms providing personal services such as fitness centers and medical services.  Aspire Fitness, for example, had the largest transaction in the metro area last year when it took 36,000 square feet of space at the Miracle Mile Shopping Center at 4925 Jackman Rd. in West Toledo. The AAA’s auto service center is nearly complete on Central Avenue in front of the Meijer store. The retail industry is refocusing on services, such as auto repair, rather than retail. THE BLADE/ANDY MORRISON Enlarge | Buy This Image Demand is small for “big-box” spaces by traditional retailers, such as discount stores or supermarkets, Reichle Klein said.  In response, big-box spaces are being reconfigured into several smaller spaces. For example, the vacant 48,000-square-foot Kroger store in the Spring Meadows Shopping Center in Springfield Township was subdivided last year to accommodate a 23,000-square foot Michael’s Arts & Craft store and a as-yet unnamed retailer occupying the remaining 25,000 square feet.  A 24,000-square-foot former Sears Hardware store at the Alexis Park Shopping Center on Alexis Road at Lewis Avenue is being divided in two 12,000-square foot spaces for a blood-donation clinic and a store that sells fasteners and other industrial products. An old Kroger on State Rt. 20 in Perrysburg is under consideration for subdivision as well. Another trend, according to Reichle Klein, is the re-emergence of retail properties as a desirable investment. Operating income from properties is growing, new construction is limited, and interest rates are low. The report said these factors have created “an excellent window for sellers,” making retail real estate a hot market investment. THE BLADE Enlarge | Buy This Image Harlan Reichle, managing partner of Reichle Klein Group, said the growing demand for retail space by nontraditional users is key. “What we’re seeing now is traditional retail space being filled but it’s not necessarily being filled by what we think of as retailers,” he said. And of the traditional retailers that are filling space, it’s heavily towards food and services, Mr. Zyndorf said. For example, at Secor Village on Secor Road, anchored by a soon-to-be-ready 365 by Whole Foods market, spaces will be occupied by eateries Fusian, PizzaFire, and First Watch, and service providers OrangeTheory, Citizens Bank, Great Clips, and the Joint Chiropractic clinic. Only PetPeople, a pet supplies store, is a traditional merchandise-based retailer. At the 7,500-square-foot second phase of Westgate Village Shopping Center, which is nearly completed, the tenants will be two eateries, Blaze Pizza and Fuzzy’s Taco Shop, and one service provider, a hair salon called Sports Clips. At 3200 Meijer Dr., off Central Avenue in Sylvania Township, the Automobile Association of America is building an AAA Service Center. The 9,150-square-foot center, which is nearly ready, not only will provide car maintenance and diagnostic and repair service, it has a special charging station for electric vehicles. While service retailers are growing, Mr. Wheeler said most new retail activity in the Toledo area is by eating establishments. Moe’s Southwest Grill, a fast-casual Mexican food restaurant plans to open its first Ohio restaurant at 5299 Monroe St. at Flanders Road near the Shops at Franklin Place. Moe’s is looking for a second site, while Chick-Fil-A is looking at adding two Toledo area stores, Mr. Wheeler said. “On a broader scale, there has been a lot of big boxes [leasing] in Lima and Findlay. A former Walmart in Lima and a former Sears in Findlay will become Big R stores, which is a general merchandiser for farm and ranch clothing and merchandise. “It was busy in ’16 and ’17 will be busier,” Mr. Wheeler said. “I think we’ll see a lot of activity that started in ’16 come to fruition in ’17.” Mr. Zyndorf said he thinks the proliferation of eateries and service providers is because of the growth of online shopping. “My daughter’s generation, they do everything online. They buy shoes and games online, they buy everything online,” Mr. Zyndorf said. “The retail-strip center is no longer ‘retail’ strip center. It’s a service center.” Merchandisers dominate in larger cities, Mr. Zyndorf said. “If you go to Chicago or New York, where you have millions of people walking by, you’ll still have true retail. But here, it’s evolving.” Not long ago, he said, he arranged a leasing deal on Monroe Street for a franchisee opening a business called Three Dog Bakery. “I said, ‘Well, what’s this about? Do you have an affinity for the ’70s and the rock group Three Dog Night? And he said, No, it’s a bakery for dogs,’ ” Mr. Zyndorf said. “I thought, ‘A bakery for dogs. Who’s going to go there? But now I’m working on a second store for them, and there’s 40 of them in the chain,” Mr. Zyndorf said. Contact Jon Chavez at: jchavez@theblade.com or 419-724-6128. Related Items Jon Chavez , Retail vacancy rates , Reichle Klein Group , Secor village , Moe’s Southwest Grill , Aspire Fitness Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
News Mugshots Obituaries 2017 2016 2015 Trade or Sell More Info Weather Property Transactions Marriage Licenses Local Salaries Contact Us Community Links Events Community Church How To Enter Events Submit Your Event WTSB Listen Now Program Schedule Christian Program Schedule WMPM History Coverage Map Advertise Staff Carl’s Book Contact WTSB 1 Suspect Jailed, 1 At Large Following Sampson County Robbery January 15, 2017 11:00 am Sampson County deputies have arrested one of two suspects they said robbed a business Wednesday night.  It happened at the Delway Trading Company located at 104 Delway Highway in Harrells. Officers said the suspect entered the store and purchased some merchandise.  While paying for the merchandise, the man reached into the cash register drawer and grabbed money from inside the drawer.  He then got into the passenger seat of a red Volvo, which and fled on Highway 421 South. A witness followed the suspect long enough to get the license plate number. Officers canvassed the area Wednesday night but were unable to locate the vehicle. On Thursday, a Clinton police officer found the car in the Wal-Mart parking lot and detained one person in the car. That person, Clifton Darntralll Killett, 38, Royal Lane, Clinton was charged with common law robbery and placed in the Sampson County Jail under a $20,000 bond. Authorities said Killett was the driver of the getaway car used during the robbery. Warrants have been obtained for the suspect who entered Delway Trading and committed the robbery, identified as Ray Demond Rogers, 38 of Rye Lane, Clinton.  Rogers has outstanding warrants on file for common law robbery. Anyone with information on Ray Demond Rogers whereabouts is encouraged to contact the Sampson County Sheriff’s Office at 910-592-4141.         Johnston County’s #1 Local News Source Email event information to Events@JoCoReport.com General Questions: Email our staff at Info@JoCoReport.com News Related Questions or Issues: Email our News Desk at News@JoCoReport.com Want to advertise with us? Email our sales staff at Advertise@JoCoReport.com ©2016  Lamm Media Group       JoCoReport.com P.O. Box 90 – Smithfield – NC – 27577  
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Americans Can Soon Buy Groceries Online With Food Stamps The AtlanticJanuary 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Last week, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced an ambitious-sounding pilot program that will give participants in Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)—best known by the colloquial term “food stamps”—a way to purchase their groceries online. The two-year trial, which will begin this summer, provides low-income Americans in seven states with a system to have eligible items delivered to their homes through retailers like FreshDirect, Amazon, Safeway, and ShopRite and to pay for them using federal benefits. "Online purchasing is a potential lifeline for SNAP participants living in urban neighborhoods and rural communities where access to healthy food choices can be limited," said USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack in a statement. The initiative is actually a provision of the 2014 Farm Bill, which requires the USDA to test an online ordering program. If the pilot succeeds, it could expand nationally, which would theoretically provide more than 43 million Americans who receive SNAP assistance with a new way to access healthier food. But despite its clear benefits, particularly for those with disabilities, limited transportation, or the millions of low-income Americans in food deserts, the success of the program is anything but certain. A number of factors including existing consumer habits, associated costs, and internet access could dim the prospects for the idea, while external opposition from lobbyists could potentially could block its full-scale adoption. Recommended: The Curse of Econ 101 In addition to good publicity, part of what lured seven retailers from Maryland to Iowa to Oregon to apply to participate in the USDA program was the chance to expand their customer bases, and increase revenue. Companies from Amazon down to Hy-Vee— an Iowa-based grocery— will collect delivery and service fees from these new transactions, fees that cannot be paid for with federal benefits. The retail partners also offer a host of food items that are not eligible for SNAP funds. What this may ultimately beget is a dynamic in which the convenience of the pilot program is overshadowed by the extra costs and logistical complications associated with delivery, along with the need for multiple forms of payment SNAP users will need to complete an order. Another challenge facing the program is the demographic overlap between SNAP recipients and Americans without internet access. A recent 2016 Pew survey shows that those most likely to lack regular access to the internet are lower-income minorities, particularly skewing younger and older. According to federal data, SNAP recipients—relative to the American population—break down along similar demographic lines, with over half of federal benefits given to children and seniors. Meanwhile, roughly 20 percent of Americans are primarily dependent on their smartphones for internet access, which could hamper the ability to navigate a complex online ordering system. Recommended: Goodbye, American Apparel Yet another hurdle may be geographic. While many tend to associate federal food assistance with urban poverty, the use of food stamps in rural communities has been growing steadily in recent years. As Rachel Cernansky at Civil Eats noted in 2014, enrollment among Americans eligible for SNAP was 13 percent higher in rural areas than in urban ones. This disparity no doubt affects how and particularly where SNAP benefits are spent; according to the Omaha World-Herald, “Slightly more than half of all SNAP dollars are spent at superstores like Walmart, which is not part of the pilot program.” And aside from the logistical challenges, once unveiled, the SNAP Online Purchasing Pilot seems poised to face political opposition from associations representing brick-and-mortar stores—who fear the program will cut into their margins. Following the reveal of the states participating in the pilot program, local retailers that might be affected quickly condemned the USDA initiative. "With supermarkets disappearing from neighborhoods in all five boroughs, this pilot program will only accelerate the trend," New York Association of Grocery Stores spokesman Brad Gerstman said in a statement. Meanwhile, in Annapolis, Cailey Locklair Tolle, the head of the Maryland Retailers Association, told the Baltimore Sun that she had received several calls from businesses about the program. “Any time you tinker with any part of the revenue for a grocery store, you can literally send them in the red very quickly,” she said. Recommended: These Americans Are Trying to Build an Escape Hatch From Trump's America Despite these obstacles, the biggest challenge to the pilot program may come from the intended participants, whose habits may be difficult to change. A 2012 RAND study shed some light on the preconception that access to healthier food, particularly fruits and vegetables, materially translates into better diets. The study found limited compelling links between food environment and food consumption, meaning that the easier availability of quality foods may not trump consumer preferences for junk. And as I noted last month, large food companies have also sought to step into this breach, offering more products with less fat and sodium, only to find that they sell poorly. Online, people are still likely to want what they’ve always wanted. Read more from The Atlantic: The Narcissist How to Build a Happier Brain Will Mike Pence Be Trump’s Bridge to Democrats? This article was originally published on The Atlantic. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next ACLU wins legal challenge against immigration ban: ‘Hope Trump enjoys losing’ 11306 messages5%70%25% 2016 Solar Tax Rebates Terrifying Power Companies Free Solar QuotesSponsored Police Search Suspect in Georgetown College Student's Abduction 11 messages7%62%31% Cold Case Murder of Righteous Brothers Singer’s Ex-Wife Finally Solved Nearly 41 Years Later 189 messages4%70%26% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1042 messages5%57%38% New Federal Program Helps Pay Off Your Mortgage TheEasyLoanSiteSponsored A Caretaker Moving in to Help an Elderly Homeowner, Refuses to Leave 24 messages3%86%11% NBA contacts U.S. State Department to understand how President Donald Trump's immigration ban affects players 433 messages4%70%26% Trump attacks media again in early morning Twitter blast 4222 messages4%59%37% This story about a snoring cure will surprise you. My Snoring SolutionSponsored Trump talks to world leaders amid alarm over Muslim immigrant policy 9573 messages6%65%29% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 969 messages9%18%73% Strangers Jump in to Help Man Having a Medical Emergency While Running a Marathon 15 messages0%91%9% 2016 Federal Rebate To Pay Off Your Mortgage Get My RefinanceSponsored Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner Give Pierced Nails and Just Wearing Bras a Try 333 messages6%66%28% Watch: Justin Bieber crushed into glass by Chris Pronger 282 messages5%73%22% Despair, confusion reign as Trump's travel ban hits Steve: "Before Trump signed the order, more than 67,000 refugees had been approved by the federal government to enter the U.S." THANK GOD FOR TRUMP! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 979 Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Headhunters throwing cash at workers who can flip burgers Bloomberg Leslie Patton 1/16/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks Click to expand Replay Video Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos Shel Kaphan, who joined Amazon in 1994, had no idea the company would become a success. CNBC Boeing unveils new spacesuit design Boeing unveiled its new spacesuit on Wednesday. The new suit is around 40% lighter than previous suits and features a wide polycarbonate visor. It is designed to be used inside Boeing’s Starliner capsule, which is set to launch in 2018. The Wall Street Journal. Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor A converted missile silo in an undisclosed location in Kansas provides bunker units for super rich buyers. CNBC SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO What's driving chefs out of the kitchen? FOX News See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Amazon's first employee shares what he learned from Jeff Bezos CNBC 0:52 Boeing unveils new spacesuit design The Wall Street Journal. 1:17 Super-secret survival silo will cost super rich $3M per floor CNBC 2:53 The obstacles Trump faces with the border wall CBS News 2:39 10 best jobs in America in 2017, according to Glassdoor TheWrap 1:09 Best Kirkland products to buy at Costco Kiplinger 1:07 How soon will Congress move on tax reform, health care? Bloomberg 5:27 What the Dow topping 20,000 really means The Washington Post 1:45 Elon Musk's 'boring' new business idea could help L.A. traffic Newsy 0:58 The least livable cities in the world Seeker 3:54 Trump-backer Peter Thiel just became a New Zealand citizen CNBC 0:31 The next possible gun industry sales boom: Suppresors CNN Money 2:54 After Trump's TPP withdrawal, what's next for US trade deals? The Wall Street Journal. 3:00 Dutch CEO strapped himself to a windmill to make this announcement Newsy 0:41 Trump gives hope to these small business owners Fox Business 3:44 Bond markets get French election jitters Reuters 1:34 UP NEXT Lisa Aragon just couldn’t get the headhunter to take no for an answer. Five times in a month, she turned down enticements, including higher pay and four weeks of paid vacation. Aragon doesn’t work in Silicon Valley or on Wall Street. Far from it. She is a manager at a Wendy’s in Albuquerque, New Mexico. In 20 years, Aragon had never been pursued as aggressively as she had by the recruiter from the Pilot Flying J chain of truck stops, a major franchisee of fast-food restaurants. “I told him, ‘I’m happy where I’m at,”’ said Aragon, 41, who already looked forward to quarterly bonuses and a bump for her work as a trainer. “There’s no need for change right now.” In today’s tight labor market, restaurants are embroiled in a full-on food fight over workers. The rank-and-file is winning referral bonuses, free meals and days off, and the scarcity of candidates may be raising the minimum wage without help from lawmakers. While good news for millions of lower-skilled workers who’ve felt left behind by the economic recovery, it may not be for companies and customers. Restaurants will either have to raise prices or accept falling margins. Some stores’ service is suffering. The U.S. unemployment rate was 4.7 percent in December, near a nine-year low. With its insatiable appetite for new workers, the fast-food business serves as a leading indicator of a labor shortage. In September, annual turnover for restaurant workers jumped to 113 percent, the highest since industry-tracker People Report began collecting data in 1995.  Andrew Puzder, President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee for U.S. labor secretary, will be acutely aware of the phenomenon as he prepares for his confirmation hearing as soon as next week. A foe of raising the minimum wage, he is chief executive officer of CKE Restaurants Inc., which owns the Hardee’s and Carl’s Jr. burger chains. Further intensifying demand for lower-skilled employees, Trump has promised to curb illegal immigration. “It’s a hot job market,” said Michael Harms, executive director of operations at Dallas-based TDn2K, People Report’s parent. “Every employee, whether they’re 17 years old or 40 years old, has options.” Aragon’s boss is already pulling out all the stops to keep employees. Over the last year, Eddie Rodriguez, who operates 177 Wendy’s in Florida, New Mexico and Texas, raised hourly pay by nearly a dollar, to an average $9.05. Rodriguez gave referral bonuses of up to $250 to employees who found prospects. He offered more flexible schedules and used his own headhunters to find staff for his corporate office in Pompano Beach, Florida. He also makes sure he doesn’t take anyone for granted. “Today’s employee, they want to feel wanted,” Rodriquez said. © Leslie Patton BC-FAST-FOOD-WAGES Slower Meals Customers, however, may feel less appreciated. Rodriguez can’t find enough employees for the lunchtime rush, which means it takes longer to get a junior bacon cheeseburger. Diners are also being kept waiting at Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc., which is trying to hire about 600 “crew members” for its U.S. restaurants. To be able to pay more, the company, for the first time since 2014, is considering raising prices in some parts of the country.  Chipotle is already paying an average $10 an hour. (For those inside the Federal Reserve looking out for evidence that the tightening labor market is sparking inflation, this could be exhibit A.) Chief Executive Officer Steve Ells in a December conference call complained that the lack of well-trained workers has resulted in napkins left on tables, untidy drink stations and slower meals. “We took our eye off the ball on the customer service side,” Ells told investors. Wal-Mart Effect Restaurants aren’t just competing with the fast-food joint down the street. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. last year raised wages of more than a million employees to either at least $10 an hour or by 2 percent for those making more.  Casual restaurants such as Olive Garden-owner Darden Restaurants Inc. and quick-service haunts like Taco Bell are all struggling to hire. “It’s as hard as it’s ever been to attract and retain great people,” said Greg Flynn, CEO of Flynn Restaurant Group, which runs franchised Applebee’s, Taco Bell, and Panera Bread restaurants. Terry Smith, who owns three McDonald’s, said he has been able to avoid the crunch and maintain his staff of 150 to 160 employees with small perks such as free meals and paid days off. He also visits each of his restaurants every day, making sure he knows workers by name. “I rotate through the restaurants and they see me,” he said. “If you treat them right and have a vested interest in them, they’ll stick around.” To contact the reporter on this story: Leslie Patton in Chicago at lpatton5@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Nick Turner at nturner7@bloomberg.net, David Papadopoulos at papadopoulos@bloomberg.net, John Hechinger  ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Local news Investigation of Kevin Harpham’s 2011 planned MLK March bombing in Spokane turned terrorism into an FBI case study SUNDAY, JAN. 15, 2017, 6:15 A.M. By Thomas Clouse tomc@spokesman.com(509) 459-5495 Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS The Martin Luther King Jr. Unity March will begin with a rally at 10 a.m. Monday at the Spokane Convention Center, 344 W. Spokane Falls Blvd., with the march to follow. Hundreds of marchers gathered in downtown Spokane on the morning of Jan. 17, 2011, for speeches and a show of solidarity as part of the the Martin Luther King Jr. Unity March. A bloodbath awaited them. Among the gathering crowd was Kevin Harpham. The electrician from Addy, Washington, had earlier arrived in Spokane and placed his mortarlike bomb where its shrapnel could spray the crowd before the marchers could have a chance to spread out. The “lone wolf” white supremacist, who was unknown to law enforcement, chose that moment to finally put action behind his belief that multiculturalism was poisoning the country. In his bomb, Harpham laced 128 quarter-ounce fishing weights with rat poison, to prevent blood clotting, and human feces, to cause infections in survivors. As Harpham waited with an electronic car-starting ignition switch so he could remotely detonate his bomb and safely watch the carnage, he walked among the waiting marchers and took photographs of himself and his potential targets. One image captured black children standing next to a statue honoring black astronaut Lt. Col. Michael P. Anderson, who was killed in the 2003 space shuttle Columbia explosion. About the same time, part-time contract workers Mark Steiner, Brandon Klaus and Sherman Welpton had finished walking the march route to make sure it was clean. At the corner of Washington Street and Main Avenue, Steiner noticed a backpack under a bench. The three men picked it up, put it on the bench and peered inside. They saw wires. That discovery triggered a quick series of decisions that turned what could have been a horrific act of domestic terrorism into a textbook example of response, cooperation and investigation that has been told and retold as one of the greatest wins in Spokane police and local FBI history. “It really was a case where every tool in the toolbox was utilized,” said Frank Harrill, former supervisory resident agent of the FBI. “It was the perfect blend of shoe leather and technology and good old-fashioned craftiness and logic to bring that to a conclusion. Everyone who was accountable was held accountable, in this case Harpham, and no one was hurt.” Contract workers were the pivotal moment One of the contract workers called 911 after finding the backpack and seeing the wires. The call was relayed from dispatch to the handful of Spokane police officers assigned to escort the march. “That was the pivotal moment,” Harrill said. The contract workers “saw enough to know that authorities needed to be summoned. It was the perfect expression of, ‘See something and say something.’ ” Spokane police Sgt. Eric Olsen, who is now a major, remembers getting the call from dispatch about 9:20 a.m. The march was set to start in 40 minutes. Sgts. Jason Hartman, Chuck Reisenauer and Olsen considered how to respond. “After hearing what information they had, I called dispatch to say we will treat it as a real threat,” Olsen said. They established a safety perimeter around the backpack and Olsen called in the bomb squad. Meanwhile, Hartman and Reisenauer quickly drove the march route looking for more backpacks and rerouted the event. “I am almost positive that Hartman came up with the route that would allow the march to proceed in a way that they were unaware that there was a threat and not subject them to the threat,” Olsen said. “It was quick thinking on his part to get us a good route.” FBI agent Joe Cleary credited the decisions to both reroute the march and keep it quiet as the next most important decision that occurred that morning. “They didn’t tell anyone. People just followed them and it worked like clockwork,” Cleary said. “The bomb squad could work without creating a crowd.” After arriving on scene, the Spokane police bomb squad decided to use a water cannon to try to disable the bomb. It worked. One of the wires became disconnected. By not blowing it up in place, investigators had everything they needed to begin the laborious process of trying to link the bomb to whoever built and left it under the bench. News of device conveyed to Obama Cleary and Harrill believe that Hartman’s decision to reroute the march kept Harpham far enough away that his car-starter detonator could not trigger the bomb. “Before they knew what it was, they rerouted the march … and put Harpham at a disadvantage,” Cleary said of the Spokane police sergeants. Harpham “didn’t know where the march was headed. We’ll never know what he tried or didn’t.” Once the march ended, the full investigative power of the federal government was brought to bear. Cleary arrived at the scene and said the soaked backpack smelled horrible when he got close. He later learned Harpham had soaked the weights with human feces, probably his own. “We had a terrorist attempt to bomb a parade route,” Cleary said. “We had to clear vehicles to make sure there wasn’t a secondary device. Of course, no one saw anything.” News of the discovery went all the way up to President Barack Obama. FBI officials in Washington, D.C., required twice-daily updates about the investigation. As investigators pieced together their case, every scrap of evidence went through Aaron Hammer, an evidence control technician. “The amount of work I did on the Harpham case is hard to calculate. It all became a blur really, since we collected evidence for months,” Hammer said. “It was clear to all of us from the beginning of this investigation that each and every shred of evidence we could collect might be the key to bringing the person or group that constructed the device to justice.” In an area that once was the home of the Aryan Nations, federal agents began scouring old files and likely suspects to search for the culprit. “We did contact several subjects and witnesses from old cases,” Cleary said. “Everyone to a man said, ‘I have no information,’ or, ‘It wasn’t me.’” While the search continued, technicians in the FBI Laboratory in Quantico, Virginia, found someone’s DNA on the shoulder strap of the backpack. But nothing came back as a match in known databases. The bomb “looked like a rat’s nest of wires. But the lab said whoever put this together knows electronics very well,” Cleary said. With agents pursuing leads in North Idaho, the Colville area and the Tri-Cities, each day began to drag into the next. “The leads dried up,” Cleary said. “We were getting calls from headquarters every day. ‘Anything new?’ ‘No, boss.’ But what do you do? We were working around the clock. “I kept thinking to myself, ‘Oh my gosh. What about Bloomsday or Hoopfest. How many backpacks are left at Hoopfest?” Cleary said. “The pressure to catch this person or people was intense.” FBI agent Craig Noyes was sent to Spokane by headquarters to backfill any needs of the local office and help keep superiors informed about the progress of the investigation, Cleary said. “He was bored. I said, ‘You want to work? Great. Here’s a stack of leads,’ ” Cleary said. Knowing they were looking for purchases of fishing weights, agents went to every store that sold fishing gear in the region. Noyes tried the Wal-Mart in Colville. And investigators got a bit of luck: Harpham had slipped up. He normally paid with cash, but on Nov. 7, 2010, Harpham bought 30 fishing weights with his debit card. Some 26 days after the bomb was discovered, the FBI had a name: Kevin Harpham. That led to the discovery of his white supremacist postings as “Joe Snuffy” on the Vanguard News Network, and things began to fit. They also learned Harpham had once been in the U.S. Army. “This guy’s a hater, but that’s not a crime. He bought fishing weights, but that’s not a crime,” Cleary said. The Army takes a blood sample whenever someone enlists. However, military officials promise that it won’t be used for DNA comparisons. “The lab said, ‘We’ve tried before and you are not going to get it,’ ” Cleary said. “It took a court order for them to release it. It was only the third time that the U.S. Army released DNA. It had to be approved by the secretary of defense.” A few days later, Cleary was helping conduct a search warrant at the local Hells Angels clubhouse when he got confirmation that the DNA linked the bomb to Harpham. ‘How long have you known me?’ From that point on, Harpham never moved an inch from his home in rural Stevens County without someone watching. While he mostly stayed home, agents were poised to arrest Harpham if he tried to approach any public event or potential target. The investigation switched to “how do we get him in custody,” Cleary said. Agents learned Harpham was in the market to buy a car. The FBI placed a fake advertisement for a car and Harpham contacted the seller. The agent who posed as the seller arranged to meet Harpham in north Spokane on March 9, 2011. “We wanted to get him out of his house,” Cleary said. “We didn’t want a standoff. He mentioned in his online postings that he was stockpiling food and weapons.” Members of the FBI’s elite Hostage Rescue Team came to Spokane and devised a plan. They borrowed clothes from Stevens County road crews, and as soon as Harpham left his house, he encountered the undercover agents; they asked him to shut off his vehicle as they moved a piece of equipment. Another agent came from behind and smashed into the back of Harpham’s car with the bucket of a backhoe. In front, a van full of SWAT team members jumped out and held him at gunpoint. Harpham had a handgun under his seat and an AR-15 rifle in his trunk. “I was about 400 or 500 yards away in my car watching,” Cleary said. When Cleary finally got close to Harpham, the bomb maker asked the agent a question. “How long have you known me?” Harpham later pleaded guilty on Sept. 7, 2011, to attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction and attempting to hurt people as part of a hate crime. Assistant U.S. Attorney Joe Harrington said he remembers when Harpham pleaded guilty. That’s because, except for a two-day medical procedure, Harrington worked every weekday and weekend until the plea. “On Labor Day, I was up in Stevens County interviewing witnesses for trial. That day the plea negotiation came together,” he said. “The plea was approved at the highest levels of the Department of Justice.” U.S. District Judge Justin Quackenbush sentenced Harpham to 32 years in prison. In court, Harpham tried to back out of the plea agreement and claimed he didn’t intend to hurt anyone with his bomb. Harpham said in court that he aimed it upward to take out a wall of windows at the Eye Care Center “to deliver a shotgun blast” as a statement of protest to unity and multiculturalism. But Harrill, at the time, and Harrington this week said they doubted Harpham’s explanation. “Why would you go to all the effort to coat all the fishing weights with rat poison, as an anti-coagulant, if you were just trying to scare everybody?” Harrington said. Lessons repeated Harpham, now 42, resides in a medium security federal prison in Lompoc, California. His release date is Jan. 23, 2039, which is two weeks after Martin Luther King Jr. Day some 22 years from now. Harrington has given several talks, and Cleary said he’s traveled all over the country to tell the story about how citizens, local law enforcement and federal agents worked to thwart the bombing and bring the bomber to justice without anyone getting hurt. The Harpham case also was the subject of an episode of “FBI Takedowns” on the American Heroes Channel. “I’ve given this case presentation maybe 30 times,” Cleary said. “This was a win for the good guys.” For Hammer, the evidence specialist, the result justified what turned out to be the most work he’d ever put into a case during his FBI career. “I’m very happy and pleased to have been part of the team that brought Harpham to justice,” Hammer said, “before he could attempt to maim and kill other innocent people.” Published: Jan. 15, 2017, 6:15 a.m.  Tags: Aryan Nations, bomb, domestic terrorism, FBI, Frank Harrill, Kevin W. Harpham, Martin Luther King Jr. march, White Supremacist Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries Moving nightmares and cremation questions: CBC Marketplace's consumer cheat sheet Also: Fed up airline passengers and how to merge the right way CBC News Posted: Jan 15, 2017 9:00 AM ET Last Updated: Jan 15, 2017 1:38 PM ET Do you know how much your worldly belongings weigh? Could you even guess? Miss something this week? We got you. Here's this week's Marketplace cheat sheet. Get this in your inbox every Friday. Sign up for the Marketplace newsletter. Cremation consumer beware  There are a number of questions you should be asking if you've decided on cremation. (CBC) If you're at a funeral home, getting a good price might not be the first thing on your mind. But, if you're looking for cremation, and more people are, you may want to. Why? Prices can vary widely and packages may not include everything you need. Oh, and, Albertans, be prepared to pay more: Some places have added a carbon tax to the bill. Empty boxes Geoff Lu said he received this empty iPhone box after purchasing the new phone from Apple. (Stephanie Matteis) You order a shiny new toy, and it arrives … but the box is empty. That's what one guy says happened when his brand new iPhone 7 arrived in the mail. No joke. What do you do? And an update to a similar case from last week, when one guy opened up his new gaming headset and only found a dirty T-shirt. He's feeling a bit better: Walmart gave him a refund. Before you flip that driver the bird The Alberta Motor Association says the "zipper merge" is the recommended approach for fighting congested traffic. (Shutterstock/Scott Olson/Getty Images) You're stuck in traffic. You see a vehicle race all the way up the closed lane and pull in front of the first driver. Your head is about to explode. But guess what? That guy is merging correctly. No, really. You're agreeing to what? When most people click the box that says "I have read and understood the terms of service," they haven't. (Karly Domb Sado/Associated Press) When was the last time you read the terms of service before signing up for an app? Maybe you never did. At best, you've probably skimmed. But here's what happens when you show people the terms in plain English. Oh, and you may want to watch our investigation on apps and your privacy. Flight woes Rachel, 33, Lev, 2, and her husband Andrew Laderman, 36, were stuck in Florida after the mass shooting at the Fort Lauderdale airport. (Submitted: Rachel Laderman) A few of this week's fed-up passengers. One family says a tug-of-war between Air Canada and Aeroplan left them stranded in Fort Lauderdale after last week's shooting. They ended up having to pay for new tickets home. And this delayed flight doesn't sound like it was a lot of fun, either. In other news … Your car could be part of a recall and you don't even know it. Here's how to find out. If you have any chocolates left over from the holidays, you'll want to check this recall alert: they may be contaminated with salmonella. On TV: Moving company nightmares Karine Murphy and her children Lydia and Leo moved into an empty house after getting hit by a larger-than-expected moving bill. (Marketplace/CBC) Do you know how much all your worldly possessions weigh? If you're moving across the country, you might want to find out. We go undercover to see what really happens to your stuff on a cross-country move. And we're packing some hidden cameras and a GPS locator, of course. Catch it on TV or watch it online now.   Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Latest Business Headlines Struggling HMV Canada goes into receivership, set to close stores January 28, 10:46 AM ET Life in the slow lane: Why supermarkets should rethink the need for speed January 28, 5:00 AM ET read comments 'It's nerve-racking': Trump's trade talk casts cloud over sunny economic times in Windsor, Ont. January 28, 9:53 AM ET Air Miles quietly devalues some points, shocks collectors January 28, 10:31 AM ET read comments GM axing 625 jobs at Ontario plant, shifting some production to Mexico January 27, 9:27 PM ET video Must Watch Video Automotive industry cuts 2:14 Ron Charles reports on job losses in Ontario as GM moves some production to Mexico Video U.S.-Mexico trade reality 2:13 Jacqueline Hansen reports on the changing U.S.-Mexican trade relationship Video Energy East pipeline hurdles 7:04 Tom Adams on the NEB's decision to restart Energy East pipeline approval process Video Nintendo's new console 6:38 Nintendo Canada general manager Pierre-Paul Trepanier on the company's pending launch of its new gaming system Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY Jan 29, 2017 12:00 AM ET Jan 29, 2017 12:00 AM ET Jan 29, 2017 12:00 AM ET Jan 29, 2017 12:00 AM ET Jan 29, 2017 12:00 AM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15575.81 -39.71 DOW 20093.78 -7.13 NASDAQ 5660.78 5.60 SP 500 2294.69 -1.99 TSX-VENTURE 809.62 8.31 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed Life in the slow lane: Why supermarkets should rethink the need for speed read comments 'It's nerve-racking': Trump's trade talk casts cloud over sunny economic times in Windsor, Ont. Struggling HMV Canada goes into receivership, set to close stores Air Miles quietly drops value of some points, angering collectors read comments Prolific video testimonial creator says there's 'nothing wrong' with selling reviews video Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss MARKETPLACE Prolific video testimonial creator says there's 'nothing wrong' with selling reviews Analysis Just the (alternative?!) facts, ma'am: Why there's so much carbon tax confusion Proposed class action against Air Miles goes on despite expiry cancellation Analysis Trump's tariff plan threatens wreckage for the auto industry, analysts say 'I want to touch and feel': Online-only retailers open regular stores Analysis Keystone XL could be Canada's last big oil export pipeline Analysis New job for Obama as music industry continues to struggle: Don Pittis The Uber-ization of the Canadian economy Analysis Trump auto protectionism puts cat among pigeons at Detroit show: Don Pittis 5 reasons Canada's economy is looking up in 2017 Just starting out? Consider these tips to get your finances in order CES Automakers take differing routes to self-driving future Analysis Home ownership remains a millennial measure of success: Don Pittis Under 35? You face at least 3 tough challenges in the 2017 economy Canada's top CEOs earn 193 times average worker's salary Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Home Business Directory Your Health Classifieds Obituaries eEdition Public Notices Advertising Subscriptions Sign in 37° Fair Sunday January 29, 2017 Payson Roundup | Payson, AZ Jump to content News Today's news Local Business Arts & Entertainment Education Births Couples Obituaries Payson Town Hall Star Valley Sports Opinion Letters to the editor Submit your letter Guest Comment Our View Submit Story idea Photo Engagement Wedding Anniversary Obituaries Birth Letter to the Editor Press release Roundup Blog Social Media Tourism Events Today's events Town of Payson Event Calendar Submit an event Almanac Photos/Videos Buy photos Photos Galleries Videos Archive Videos Audio Documents Outdoors ADVERTISEMENT Hearts And Flowers Close On Heels Of Christmas Decorations By Janet Snyder As of Friday, January 13, 2017 Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Advertisement The holiday season is over ... what a letdown. Everything looks bare after all the decorations that adorned streets, offices and homes. The stores are already putting out all kinds and shapes of hearts, plush animals, candy of all kinds and of course the old standby, the box of chocolates in a heart-shaped box from a small variety to very large. A person could add on pounds just looking at all the candy. I think I have already from the Christmas gifts — my hubby got a three-pound box of chocolates for Christmas. Who could resist all that sugary goodness? New cellphone Bill and I took the plunge and bought an Android from Verizon. OMG! We hardly knew how to turn it on, let alone actually know what all the apps were. Luckily, the Verizon store near the Safeway mall is offering second Saturday classes each month for the people like us who know nothing about these devices. We tried the navigation app a few weeks ago with no success; we didn’t know how to keep the device on long enough. The screen kept going dark! We went back to the store and they showed us how to keep the screen on for a longer period of time. Some of us older folks are baffled by these phones. We are told that we hold a computer, a phone and encyclopedia in our hands. OMG! We will never learn how to utilize all of this information. Hellsgate Fire Department I received notice that the monthly fire board meeting has been changed to Wednesday, Jan. 18. This is a departure from the usual second Wednesday schedule. Please make a note of the change. The meeting is being held at fire station #21 in Star Valley beginning at 5:30 p.m. Birthdays & anniversaries On Jan. 10, local Tonto Village resident Steve Kamp added another candle to his birthday cake. The next day, Laura Bierwirth of Colcord Estates and Payson celebrated her big day. Laura is a Domino Diva so she celebrated with the Divas on Wednesday, Jan. 11. Laura was treated to her favorite dessert (razzleberry pie), a round of singing the birthday song and other surprises. Thursday, Jan. 12, another Domino Diva had a special event. Dara and Phon Sutton of Bear Flat celebrated their 37th wedding anniversary. Happy anniversary. May you know many more years of joy and love. On Jan. 16, (Martin Luther King Day, by the way and a federal holiday), Garah Monich of Star Valley will be celebrating her birthday. Garah is the clerk of the Hellsgate Fire Board, and she also can be seen working hard at Walmart. A very happy birthday to you and to Laura and Steve. I hope your birthdays are wrapped in smiles. Recipe of the week Since this week is the Suttons’ anniversary, the recipe will be her cornbread recipe that is in the “Fireflies Can Cook” cookbook. My hubby swears that this is the best cornbread he has ever had, and I heartily agree. Dara has brought the cornbread to the Divas’ gathering on Wednesdays and the Divas also agree. Cornbread 1 cup butter 1 cup sugar 4 eggs 2 cups creamed corn 1/2 cup Monterey jack cheese, grated 1/2 cup medium cheddar cheese, grated 1 cup all-purpose white flour 1 cup yellow corn meal 4 teaspoons baking powder 1/4 teaspoon salt Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Using an electric mixer, cream butter and sugar, then add eggs one at a time. Gradually, mix in corn and cheeses. Stir in remaining ingredients. Spread evenly in a greased 9-inch-by-13-inch cake pan. Place in oven, close door, and IMMEDIATELY reduce oven temperature to 300 degrees. Bake one hour. Top will still seem moist-looking, not dry as in a cake. Center should be set, not gooey. Serve warm. In these times when everything and everyone is in a rush to get where they are going, a saying by Jim Rohn seems very appropriate — “Either you run the day, or the day runs you.” More like this story A white Christmas in Rim Country is a beautiful sight Shelby School’s Christmas production was special indeed Seems winter has passed by Rim Country Collect important papers as you clean old files Thanksgiving is just around the corner Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Latest Photos More photos Advertisement Payson Roundup News archives / About / Advertising / Feedback / Contact / Terms of use policy / Staff Submit Story idea / Photo / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 The Payson Roundup. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Sunday, January 29, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 28°F Cloudy Sunday, January 29, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Building permits, Jan. 15, 2017 share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Business Judge OKs cancer warning label for Roundup in California Schroeder's closes - again Starbucks says 'congestion' in stores crimped sales U.S. business spending rises for third month × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Business Building permits, Jan. 15, 2017 Sun, 01/15/2017 - 7:00am | The News-Gazette Listed are permits for all commercial and industrial work, all new single-family and multifamily residences and all residential remodeling costing more than $25,000. Permits are listed by applicant, description, site and cost. Champaign Habitat for Humanity, repair of single-family residence at 709 Tawney Court, $25,500. Cornish Construction, addition to single-family residence at 712 Hamilton Drive, $68,761. Andrew Fell Architecture & Design, alteration for gaming cafe at 825 Bloomington Road, $33,750. Dodds Co., alteration for offices at 3358 Big Pine Trail, $147,351. Mahomet No new permits. Rantoul No new permits. Savoy River Town Painting & Construction, commercial work at Wal-Mart at 505 S. Dunlap St., $76,000. Scott Garth Construction, commercial building at 209 N. Dunlap St., $500,000. Urbana AJH PWH LLC, remodeling of multifamily residence at 902 S. Lincoln Ave., $68,000. Olympic Construction, remodeling of hospital building at 611 W. Park St., $27,900. Innsource, remodeling of hotel building at 1003 W. Killarney St., $120,791. Perkins Home Improvement Inc., remodeling of business building at 208 W. Griggs St., $75,000. Sections (2):News, Business Topics (1):Housing More Business Judge OKs cancer warning label for Roundup in California Schroeder's closes - again Starbucks says 'congestion' in stores crimped sales U.S. business spending rises for third month More Business Judge OKs cancer warning label for Roundup in California Schroeder's closes - again Starbucks says 'congestion' in stores crimped sales U.S. business spending rises for third month Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News Klondike Derby 2017 Klondike Derby 2017 Judge OKs cancer warning label for Roundup in California Area history, Jan. 28, 2017 This day in history, Jan. 28, 2017 Miss Moultrie-Douglas County Pageant Dress Sale Champaign man arrested on molestation charges Schroeder's closes - again Starbucks says 'congestion' in stores crimped sales Lil Wayne to play State Farm Center More Local News Most Viewed News Mysterious Skittles spill on highway gets another twist Danville men nabbed in Texas drug bust Buckley woman charged in theft of $144,500 from employer Danville man charged after slow tow-truck chase on I-74 Schroeder's closes - again Most Commented News The Reluctant Townie: A father's plea to keep the ACA Reason to march: 'There's too much at stake' Top Vermilion Dems resign after Facebook post Ammons introduces bill to improve conditions for temp workers Urbana seeking options for increased cycling Trending Now Schroeder's closes - again Urbana trio charged with home invasion, mob action Lil Wayne to play State Farm Center Obama sought as speaker for UI commencement Top Vermilion Dems resign after Facebook post Four years in prison for fifth Campustown kicker Judge refuses to reconsider man's sentence for molesting child Marcus Jackson: Sam's the man Fisher man gets 8 years for sex assault of girl, 13 Tom's #Mailbag, Jan. 27, 2017 Group's Cubs fundraiser comes with price tag Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Frequently Asked Questions Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Big Game Sweepstakes Report It! Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Big Game Sweepstakes Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 38° F Clear Hi: 45° F Lo: 29° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Latest Headlines Water woes at Topeka apartment January 28, 2017 Imagine going 6 days without water — well that’s what residents here in the Saint Gregory Suites have been doing for about six days now —… K-State can’t recover from slow start, stifles to Tennessee January 28, 2017 KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Tennessee’s young roster is starting to come of age. Grant Williams scored 17 points Saturday as Tennessee defeated … Judge bars U.S. from deporting travelers January 28, 2017 No. 4 Kansas rallies to big win over No. 2 Kentucky January 28, 2017 May’s mission to woo Trump a success, but makes some uneasy January 28, 2017 Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 38° F Clear Feels Like: 30° F Wind: WNW 14 Humidity: 68% Dewpoint: 28° F Sunrise: 7:32 AM Sunset: 5:39 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Big Game Sweepstakes Latest Headlines K-State can’t recover from slow start, stifles to Tennessee January 28, 2017 KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Tennessee’s young roster is starting to come of age. Grant Williams scored 17 points Saturday as Tennessee defeated … No. 4 Kansas rallies to big win over No. 2 Kentucky January 28, 2017 LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) — Frank Mason III scored 21 points, Josh Jackson had 20 points and a pair of big 3-pointers and No. 2 Kansas rallied pas… 23: Serena Williams sets major record with win over Venus January 28, 2017 Full Court Press: 01/27/17 January 27, 2017 ‘Hamilton’ cast to sing at Super Bowl 51 January 27, 2017 Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Big Game Sweepstakes Latest Headlines Flu outbreaks reported in nearby counties January 27, 2017 TOPEKA, Kan. (KSNT) – Kansas health officials say the flu is spreading across the state. The state health department says six outbreaks have… Shopper finds security camera overlooking fitting room January 23, 2017 Samantha Spencer was shopping at the Burlington Coat Factory in Topeka when she noticed something odd: A security camera hanging between the… 2nd graders help pay for dog’s surgery January 26, 2017 Prairie Hills School District recognizes couple for $700K donation January 19, 2017 High school students gather for ‘Safe Day at the Capitol’ January 19, 2017 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 38° F Clear Hi: 45° F Lo: 29° F Slain Orlando sergeant remembered for serving her community MIKE SCHNEIDER, Associated Press Published: January 15, 2017, 5:15 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) A wreath and flowers surround Orlando police shooting victim, officer Debra Clayton's patrol car, in front of police headquarters, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Clayton was killed Monday, and a manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Related Coverage Slain Orlando officer responded to Pulse nightclub massacre Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Officer killed in Orlando, manhunt underway for suspect ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — An Orlando police sergeant who was gunned down was remembered Saturday at her funeral service as someone who put everyone at ease with her infectious smile and made every effort to bridge the gap between law enforcement and the community it served. Sgt. Debra Clayton read books to children at elementary schools, would clean the homes of elderly residents and was a motherly figure to young people lacking parental guidance, said Orlando Police Chief John Mina and U.S. Rep. Val Demings, a former Orlando police chief. “She was forever using her resources and others’ too, anyone else she could bring along, to help somebody else,” said Demings, who promoted Clayton to the rank of sergeant in 2007. “Buying washing machines, food, clothing, looking for housing for people who didn’t have it …Debra Clayton was willing to do more than she was paid to do.” Mina said at the service that he was posthumously promoting the 42-year-old Clayton to the rank of lieutenant. Clayton loved programs that involved working with young children or helping people because “it helped humanize police officers,” Mina said. The service was attended by Gov. Rick Scott, Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi and hundreds of officers and deputies from all over Florida and beyond. Before the service, friends and family members wept openly as they walked by the American-flag-draped open casket. Outside, four helicopters flew overhead outside and then one peeled away in what is known as a “missing man” formation. Orlando Police Department Chaplain Andrew Wade urged the law enforcement officers not to be consumed by their anger over how Clayton died. Authorities say Clayton was gunned down outside a Wal-Mart store in Orlando last Monday after she approached 41-year-old Markeith Loyd, who was wanted for the murder of his pregnant girlfriend at the time. Hundreds of officers and deputies have been searching for him since Monday, and a $100,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest. Clayton had worked for the Orlando Police Department for 17 years, most recently as a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot. She previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer. The master sergeant was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse nightclub in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June’s massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Clayton, who is survived by her husband and adult son, had recently authored a book on the topic of law enforcement bridging the gap with the community they served, and written it from a black officer’s perspective, said Sharon Edgecombe, her former co-worker. As someone who grew up in tough circumstances, Clayton wouldn’t accept excuses from people who committed crimes, Edgecombe said. “You could bet they got a stern lecture on their way to jail,” she said.   Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Orlando nightclub gunman’s wife faces charges tied to attack Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community US official says Orlando nightclub shooter’s widow has been arrested Police: Fugitive wanted in officer’s fatal shooting captured Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 1998-2017 KSNT.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 20° F Clear Wind E at 2 MPH Pressure 1040 MB Dewpoint 11° F Visibility 9 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Social Junction Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE You Said It, Jan. 15, 2017 By Staff Saturday, January 14, 2017 So our county commissioners want the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to take into account all the work already done to protect Gunnison sage grouse habitat, and even take credit for “having approved placing 39,000 acres under conservation easement.” These would be the same commissioners, particularly Scott McInnis, who are so opposed to perpetual conservation easements. Do they think for a minute these federal agencies would even consider this request if they were the “term easements” McInnis seems to think are so wonderful and not the permanent ones that are in place? And I’m pretty sure the commissioners could care less about the birds — just don’t limit mineral and energy extraction. Typical politicians — take credit for work they didn’t do and support things if it serves their interest or fills their pockets. After watching the solid brake lights as vehicles slid through icy intersections, I have a helpful tip. Thirty years ago, when I switched to automatics from a standard clutch shift, I quickly learned that moving the shifter into neutral acted the same way as pushing in the clutch on a standard shift. When you place your car in neutral you take the forward pressure off the drive wheels, thereby allowing you to stop easier and quicker on ice. Then feather or lightly apply braking to stop. Practice this technique and when you need it, it will be second nature.   I don’t know how they did it, but The Daily Sentinel carriers managed to deliver our papers even with all of the ice. Thank you so much.   I just wanted to thank my Sentinel delivery person and the post office and the trash collectors for doing their job on Monday in the face of an ice storm.   Can someone from the city explain Horizon Park to me? Another nice waste of money having a sign made to explain the hours the park is open. But it’s a fenced-in, gated dumping ground for the city’s gravel.   My thanks to the lovely lady who bought my groceries Jan. 11 at Orchard Mesa City Market. She saved me a long trip back home to grab my wallet. I will definitely pay her kindness forward.   Don’t you think we need to be very concerned about the damage pot does to young brains? And does anyone besides me think that the Blotter reports of thefts, home invasions, trespass, burglary, stealing, is scary and caused, at least in part, by the use of marijuana?   Please give more consideration to a recreation center. It is so needed.   Hey seniors, let’s do the math. You got a whopping 1 percent Social Security increase. Before you could uncork the champagne, lo and behold, here comes that Drainage District assessment, followed by a trash collection increase, and then a city sales tax increase for a third-rate hockey/basketball subsidized franchise. We’re not done yet on your wallet: The school district will plead for that same 1 percent too. Feed them or cut your meds in half. We need a local swamp drainage district similar to that proposed by Trump.   For our vote and $30 a year we can incur $65 million in debt, enlarge a facility that we don’t use most of the time, and create another venue that we cannot fill. Why not send the city $50 and just have them fix the roads?   Here is a great idea for our city leaders. They can build the new hockey rink on the worst corner in Mesa County, and then use the old Kmart parking lot for parking.   I left my purse in the shopping cart outside the Rimrock Walmart on Dec. 30. I got in my car to leave when a woman stopped me. She had my purse. I was so grateful to her, but I didn’t get her name. She told me there are still good people in the world. She is certainly one of them.   Just wondering why the streetlights on North Avenue from 28 1/2 Road to 29 1/2 Road haven’t been fixed in four years? I feel it can really be a safety hazard.   To the family of the mentally disturbed individual flailing his finger at me when I was pulling into Canyon View Drive on Saturday night: The residential streets are very slick and require much attention. Please do a better job keeping your family member out of harm’s way.   So now that the dump fee is going up, do you think the desert on the north side of the interstate will fill up now even faster?   I sincerely want to thank my wonderful neighbors Nick and Lou for shoveling out my big driveway and walk on this last snowfall. It means a lot to have wonderful neighbors like these two men. Happy New Year to you both.   I want to thank the gentleman who was walking his dog on Jan. 9 on Ptarmigan Ridge Court for picking up the letter that must have fallen out of my mailbox and putting it back in. It was a check I had been expecting. COMMENTS Commenting is not available in this channel entry. TOP JOBS Labor & Delivery Registered Nurses JOIN OUR JOURNEYNow Hiring ExperiencedLabor & Delivery Reg... Library Technician I - Cataloging LIBRARY TECHNICIAN I – CATALOGINGFull-time state classified... Outside Sales Representative Outside SalesRepresentativeMays Construction Specialties i... Multiple Positions For Rocky Mountain Health Plans RN Home HealthProvide quality health care services to clients in thei... Plumbing Apprenticeship Program Western Slope JATCis seeking applicants for ourPlumbingApprentice... Field Tech/delivery Driver Field Tech/Delivery Driverin Grand Junction, CO.Qualified app... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsTicket Prices For The Crunchies Increase In Less Than 4 Days Get Yours Today eCommerce EBay meets investor expectations for holiday quarter P2P car marketplace Shift pauses DC operations, lays off 10% of staff Postmates takes on Drizly with alcohol delivery in 25 minutes or less Browse more... Amazon Prime Air Amazon seeks to run wireless tests in Washington state Posted Jan 13, 2017 by Lora Kolodny (@lorakolodny) 0 SHARES Next Story Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton is now Snapchat’s chairman According to documents unearthed by Business Insider, Amazon Corporate has sought permission from the FCC to run tests of wireless technology prototypes in and around one of its facilities in Seattle, and outdoors in Kennewick, Washington, for unspecified purposes. The person who filed the request on behalf of the e-commerce and IT giant, Neil Woodward, is a former NASA astronaut, now a senior manager in charge of flight test and certification for Amazon Prime Air. The wireless test request could be related to Amazon’s preparations to start drone deliveries in the U.S. Or they could indicate that Amazon is building new communications systems for use in physical security, or data gathering from the company’s considerable infrastructure. Woodward was involved in other infrastructure and security projects during his earlier years at Amazon. That said, Amazon has already embarked on drone deliveries in England. U.K. regulations were sorted ahead of U.S. regulations where commercial drone flights were concerned, which helped to make that possible. Since the U.S. established its own Part 107 rules governing the use of small, unmanned aerial systems for commercial and industrial purposes domestically, back in August, companies have been making moves. Amazon’s competitor Wal-Mart plans to use drones to monitor warehouse inventory in the U.S. this quarter. And recently, 7-Eleven started on-demand drone delivery from stores to homes in Reno, Nevada, using the services of Flirtey, a venture-backed drone delivery startup. The companies are expanding their partnership this year. On another front, Facebook is working to make safety improvements to its internet-beaming, solar drone, the Aquila. The FCC application from Amazon states: “The proposed operations will be limited in scope. Temporary base stations will typically transmit on average for only 5 minutes per hour per day per week on any specific channel or band. The power level of the operations at the Seattle locations will be [low]…The tests in Seattle will be conducted within a building and the operational area for the outdoor tests at Kennewick, Washington, will be limited to a 5 km radius of any temporary fixed site.” We reached out to Amazon Prime Air for any further details they can offer. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Amazon Founded 1994 Overview Amazon is an e-commerce retailer formed originally to provide consumers with products in two segments. It offers users with merchandise and content purchased for resale from vendors and those offered by third-party sellers. Operating in North American and International markets, Amazon provides its services through websites such as amazon.com and amazon.ca. It also enables authors, musicians, filmmakers, … Location Seattle, WA Categories Crowdsourcing, E-Commerce, Internet, Delivery, Retail, Software Founders Jeff Bezos Website http://amazon.com Full profile for Amazon Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Founded 1934 Overview Federal Communications Commission is an independent United States agency regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite, and cable in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories. The commission is the United States' primary authority for communications law, regulation, and technological innovation. Federal Communications Commission … Location Washington, DC Categories Politics, Government, Privacy Website http://fcc.gov Full profile for Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Amazon Prime Air eCommerce Popular Posts Featured Stories Designing for space at a young age VIDEO | 1:12 | News Delete your account 12 hours ago | John Biggs Tech reacts to Trump’s immigration ban 14 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois, Kate Conger Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta yesterday | Anna Escher Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 yesterday | Natasha Lomas Latest From Mobile Flappy Bird’s creator returns with a game that pits ninjas against bouncing cats 14 hours ago | Brian Heater Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week yesterday | Matthew Lynley Hinge is testing a personal assistant service called Audrey to help you get more dates yesterday | Sarah Perez Samsung is reportedly launching the Galaxy S8 on March 29 yesterday | Brian Heater Comment moderation powered by Up Next Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton is now Snapchat’s chairman Posted Jan 13, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Developer - 41399BR at Harvard University - Faculty of Arts and Sciences (Cambridge, MA, United States) Engineer: Client Support Center at Target (Brooklyn Park, MN, United States) Product Manager at Calldorado (Kongens Lyngby (Copenhagen), Denmark) IT Infrastructure Manager (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland; Berlin, Deutschland) Digital Strategies Manager at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Charlotte, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Forget flying cars — passenger drones are the future 7 hours ago by Joe Blair Apple CEO Tim Cook sent an email to employees about the immigration ban 10 hours ago by Jonathan Shieber Uber CEO offers compensation for drivers impacted by immigration ban, will talk to Trump 10 hours ago by Brian Heater Consumer-oriented investors may have an edge investing in digital health 11 hours ago by Kara Nortman Top Microsoft execs weigh in on Trump’s immigration ban 11 hours ago by Brian Heater Amateur Hyperloop designers face off this weekend on SpaceX’s mile-long test track 12 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Delete your account 12 hours ago by John Biggs Boardlist founder says sexual discrimination is more prevalent than people think 13 hours ago by Megan Rose Dickey Kyocera’s new phone is designed to be washed with soap and water 13 hours ago by Brian Heater Flappy Bird’s creator returns with a game that pits ninjas against bouncing cats 14 hours ago by Brian Heater
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Gaming > Here’s where you can pre-order the Nintendo… Here’s where you can pre-order the Nintendo Switch By Michael Rougeau — January 17, 2017 7:51 AM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Nintendo’s next console, the Switch, will launch March 3. After a holiday season where Nintendo consoles — namely the NES Classic Edition and 3DS — were nearly impossible to find, Nintendo fans might be wise to pre-order the console if they’re positive they want to buy it on day one. More: Here’s what we expect to see at the Nintendo Switch Unveiling Event If you are looking to get a Switch near launch March 3, we currently advise you to signup for the GameStop, Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart email lists, and periodically circle back to Target and Toys “R” Us. Additionally, a page on Nintendo lists the major retailers offering the Switch. It’s a good idea to check back to see if more retailers are added. Even though the Switch is currently almost impossible to pre-order, a recent interview with Nintendo of America President Reggie Fils-Aime in Wired may ease concerns. He claimed that Nintendo plans to ship 2 million units in the weeks surrounding launch, and that he believes the shipped units will meet demands. “Our focus is making sure that the consumer who wants to buy a Nintendo Switch can buy a Nintendo Switch,” he said. Here’s how you can currently secure a Nintendo Switch prior to the console’s forthcoming launch. If none of these options work for you, keep checking back, as we’ll be updating this post as more stores announce Switch availability. GameStop Major retailers began taking pre-orders for the Switch Thursday, January 12, shortly after Nintendo’s Tokyo press event. By Sunday, Amazon, Target, Best Buy, Walmart, Toys “R” Us, and GameStop were all sold out of initial allotments of both the Switch with gray Joy-Con and the Switch with neon red/blue Joy-Con. GameStop senior vice president of merchandizing Bob Puzon released a statement Sunday confirming that the company’s initial allocations were sold out. “We’re working closely with Nintendo to get additional Nintendo Switch units, and will let our customers know when they become available,” he said. He added that customers who are on the lookout for the Switch should signup for GameStop’s “first to know” Switch updates. Sign-up for Switch updates Target Target has product pages for both the Switch with gray Joy-Con, and the Switch with neon red/blue Joy-Con. Both listings have fluctuated between “preorder now” and “coming soon” status since Friday. We attempted to add the neon red/blue model, then marked “preorder now,” to our cart as late as Sunday Morning, but were unsuccessful. Switch Gray Switch Neon Walmart At Walmart, customers can sign up to receive in stock alerts. You can signup for notifications for both the Switch with gray Joy-Con, and the Switch with neon red/blue Joy-Con inventory pages. Switch Gray Switch Neon Best Buy You can do the same over at Best Buy by clicking “Notify Me When Available” on both the Switch with gray Joy-Con, and the Switch with neon red/blue Joy-Con. Switch Gray Switch Neon Amazon Amazon currently has only one product page displaying the Switch with gray Joy-Con. You can be added to a product availability mailing list by signing into your Amazon account, and clicking “Add to List” — where “Add to Cart” is normally located. Switch Gray Toys R Us Toys R Us only has a coming soon page up on its site. Nintendo’s New York location offered up first pre-orders New Yorkers, or those in the vicinity of Nintendo’s brick-and-mortar store in Rockefeller Center, had the first chance to pre-order the console in person on Friday, January 13 at 9 a.m. ET. That’s according to the store’s official Twitter account: A limited quantity of pre-orders for the #NintendoSwitch will begin on 1/13 at 9AM while supplies last at #NintendoNYC. &mdash; Nintendo NY (@NintendoNYC) January 11, 2017 Updated on 01-16-2017 by Steven Petite: Added details to reflect the current status of Nintendo Switch pre-orders. Also watch: Share
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Connecticut man sentenced for 2013 car chase with Adams police Print Email Lucas Ropek | lropek@repub.com By Lucas Ropek | lropek@repub.com The Republican on January 14, 2017 at 10:54 PM comments NORTH ADAMS — A man from Connecticut is now facing three years in prison after leading police on a car chase in Adams in 2013, according to The Berkshire Eagle. 29-year-old Luis Minaya led authorities on a chase that ended when he crashed his car into a guardrail on December 13, 2013. Police had initially attempted to pull Minaya over after an alert was issued by North Adams authorities listing him as a suspect in a recent shoplifting incident at a local Walmart. Minaya pleaded guilty to charges related to the incident in Northern Berkshire District Court on Wednesday and was sentenced to three years in prison. Minaya's charges included negligent operation of a motor vehicle and failure to stop for police. In 2016, Minaya was sentenced to five years in Connecticut State Prison for second-degree sexual assault. He is currently serving that sentence and will be eligible for parole in 2017.   MASSLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter MassLive Instagram Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Active Discussions Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Sunday, January 29, 2017 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Debra Saunders Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Victor Joecks Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports Basketball Gameday NFL in Vegas Golden Knights/NHL 51s/Baseball Golf Shriners Open MMA/UFC Super Bowl NV Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors Todd Dewey More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Homicide map Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News REV THIS WEEK Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » Opinion COMMENTARY: The distress at...COMMENTARY: Searching for...     Posted January 14, 2017 - 9:00pm COMMENTARY: A website named grabyourwallet.org maintains a long list of “retailers to boycott” and “additional entities to consider boycotting” based on tenuous ties to Donald Trump COMMENTARY: A website named grabyourwallet.org maintains a long list of “retailers to boycott” and “additional entities to consider boycotting” based on tenuous ties to Donald Trump President-elect Donald Trump. AP Photo/Evan Vucci By Ira Stoll Special to the Review-Journal Somehow, the left in 2017 has become a place where doing business with Cuba and Iran is fine, but doing business with L.L. Bean or Simon &Schuster is morally questionable. In case you missed the memo, let me explain. The website grabyourwallet.org maintains a long list of “retailers to boycott” and “additional entities to consider boycotting” based on tenuous ties to Donald Trump. L.L. Bean, the Maine-based outdoor goods and clothing manufacturer, turned up on the “consider” list on the basis of one Bean family member’s support for Trump. In a Facebook post, the company responded, “Like most large families, the more than 50 family member-owners of the business hold views and embrace causes across the political spectrum.” It added, “L.L.Bean does not endorse political candidates, take positions on political matters, or make political contributions. ... To be included in this boycott campaign is simply misguided.” Simon &Schuster, for its part, has come under fire for having a deal to publish a book by Milo Yiannopoulos, described last year by The New York Times magazine as “one of the loudest, most provocative voices at Breitbart News.” A bookstore in Ireland, Raven Books, announced that it would cease stocking all Simon &Schuster books in retaliation. The Chicago Review of Books announced it would punish the publisher by refusing to review any of its books for a year. (An imprint of Simon &Schuster published my biography of Samuel Adams.) Never mind that Simon &Schuster also publishes books by Hillary Clinton, or that the Grab Your Wallet boycott or “consider” boycotting list includes not only L.L. Bean but also Amazon, Macy’s, Walmart, Nordstrom and even People magazine, which it faults as a “media outlet that normalized Trump as a pivotal moment.” Remember, among their objections to Trump is his supposed intolerance. Lest one dismiss this as a fringe phenomenon, consider that President-elect Trump himself addressed it by tweeting his support for L.L. Bean, and that The New York Times business section devoted half of its front page to the Simon &Schuster story. As for Iran and Cuba, President Obama’s farewell address touted as great accomplishments of his administration the ending of strict American trade sanctions on both countries. Yet both Iran and Cuba jail political prisoners under cruel conditions. They restrict freedom of the press and assembly. Iran funds deadly terrorist organizations and attacks and executes gay people. Even the Obama-Kerry State Department reports these facts. The New York Times nonetheless is offering, for 2017, 10 different “Times Journeys” trips, some of them guided by its journalists, to Iran. Prices start at $7,395 and escalate to $135,000 for an around-the-world tour in a customized Boeing 757 with a stop in Iran. When people are OK with spending money that goes to Iran or Cuba but not with spending money on companies such as L.L. Bean or Simon &Schuster that have some highly attenuated connection to someone who might have done something to help the president-elect of the United States, it’s an indication that their actions aren’t based on a single rational standard. No, this is about something else. Maybe it is the herd mentality. Maybe it is public virtue signaling, a kind of showing off. Maybe it’s a way to express anxiety or frustration. It’s easier to stop shopping at L.L. Bean than to persuade a Trump voter to choose the Democrat the next time. It’s possible to detect an element of humor in the whole situation, but be careful. Give liberal friends an L.L. Bean gift card or Simon &Schuster book and they just might take it as a microaggression. Ira Stoll is editor of FutureOfCapitalism.com and author of “JFK: Conservative.” His column appears Sunday. COMMENTARY: The distress at...COMMENTARY: Searching for...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular State, county officials question demands laid in Raiders’ proposed lease Las Vegas Paving snaps up property at Lake Las Vegas Mega Millions ticket purchased at Primm Valley Lotto wins first jackpot of 2017 for $188M Developer Steve Wynn to start work on Paradise Park before end of ‘17 Las Vegas still craves popular retail and restaurant brands Columnists Features Wayne Allyn Root COMMENTARY: In his first week, Donald Trump runs circles around his political opponents   Charles Krauthammer COMMENTARY: The foreign policy section ofDonald Trump’s inaugural addres has received far less attention than so revolutionary a declaration deserved.   Steve Sebelius Property tax cap fix brings another tax debate to Carson City   Inside Gaming Las Vegas Sands attracts millennials with social games and amenities   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR SUN 29 MON 30 TUE 31 WED 1 THU 2 FRI 3 SAT 4 A All Week   Loading... Search       Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News World Slain Orlando police officer remembered for serving her community Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down outside a Wal-Mart store in Orlando last Monday after she approached 41-year-old Markeith Loyd. A young boy salutes as the flag-draped casket is carried during funeral services for Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton at the First Baptist Church in Orlando, Fla.  (Stephen M. Dowell / AP)   By Mike SchneiderThe Associated Press Sat., Jan. 14, 2017 ORLANDO, FLA.—An Orlando police sergeant who was gunned down was remembered Saturday at her funeral service as someone who put everyone at ease with her infectious smile and made every effort to bridge the gap between law enforcement and the community it served. Sgt. Debra Clayton read books to children at elementary schools, would clean the homes of elderly residents and was a motherly figure to young people lacking parental guidance, said Orlando Police Chief John Mina and U.S. Rep. Val Demings, a former Orlando police chief. “She was forever using her resources and others’ too, anyone else she could bring along, to help somebody else,” said Demings, who promoted Clayton to the rank of sergeant in 2007. “Buying washing machines, food, clothing, looking for housing for people who didn’t have it ...Debra Clayton was willing to do more than she was paid to do.” Mina said at the service that he was posthumously promoting the 42-year-old Clayton to the rank of lieutenant. Clayton loved programs that involved working with young children or helping people because “it helped humanize police officers,” Mina said. Article Continued Below The flag-draped casket is carried to the hearse during funeral services for Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton at the First Baptist Church in Orlando, Fla.  (Stephen M. Dowell)   The service was attended by Gov. Rick Scott, Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi and hundreds of officers and deputies from all over Florida and beyond. Before the service, friends and family members wept openly as they walked by the American-flag-draped open casket. Outside, four helicopters flew overhead outside and then one peeled away in what is known as a “missing man” formation. Orlando Police Department Chaplain Andrew Wade urged the law enforcement officers not to be consumed by their anger over how Clayton died. Authorities say Clayton was gunned down outside a Wal-Mart store in Orlando last Monday after she approached 41-year-old Markeith Loyd, who was wanted for the murder of his pregnant girlfriend at the time. Hundreds of officers and deputies have been searching for him since Monday, and a $100,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest. A detective's badge is covered with a black stripe during funeral services for Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton at the First Baptist Church in Orlando.  (Stephen M. Dowell)   Clayton had worked for the Orlando Police Department for 17 years, most recently as a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighbourhood where she was shot. She previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer. The master sergeant was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse nightclub in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June’s massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Clayton, who is survived by her husband and adult son, had recently authored a book on the topic of law enforcement bridging the gap with the community they served, and written it from a black officer’s perspective, said Sharon Edgecombe, her former co-worker. As someone who grew up in tough circumstances, Clayton wouldn’t accept excuses from people who committed crimes, Edgecombe said. “You could bet they got a stern lecture on their way to jail,” she said. Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com -1°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Lessons from Mary Tyler Moore’s newsroom: Delacourt The Mary Richards character made it look possible for a single woman to be a journalist. Are there lessons for today from that heady era? News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Panama Papers Dinner Party Canada 150 Peacekeeping Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals NI travel Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business World Sunday 29 January 2017 Wal-Mart overhaul to escalate growing e-commerce war with kingpins Amazon Spencer Soper Published 15/01/2017 | 02:30 0 Comments Share Wal-Mart overhaul to escalate growing e-commerce war with kingpins Amazon Independent.ie Wal-Mart is overhauling its e-commerce team and elevating executives from its recently acquired Jet.com business, aiming to better challenge Amazon with more selection and lower prices. http://www.independent.ie/business/world/walmart-overhaul-to-escalate-growing-ecommerce-war-with-kingpins-amazon-35367417.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35368402.ece/6ba2c/AUTOCROP/h342/Wal%20Mart.jpg Email Wal-Mart is under pressure as Amazon pushes deeper into the grocery business (Stock image/REUTERS) Wal-Mart is overhauling its e-commerce team and elevating executives from its recently acquired Jet.com business, aiming to better challenge Amazon with more selection and lower prices. Share Wal-Mart overhaul to escalate growing e-commerce war with kingpins Amazon Independent.ie Wal-Mart is overhauling its e-commerce team and elevating executives from its recently acquired Jet.com business, aiming to better challenge Amazon with more selection and lower prices. http://www.independent.ie/business/world/walmart-overhaul-to-escalate-growing-ecommerce-war-with-kingpins-amazon-35367417.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35368402.ece/6ba2c/AUTOCROP/h342/Wal%20Mart.jpg Email Go To Comments The changes are meant to make Wal-Mart more "customer-centric", Jet founder Marc Lore, who is now ceo of Wal-Mart's e-commerce operation, said in a memo obtained by Bloomberg. Wal-Mart bought online retailer Jet in September for about $3.3bn, turning to the startup to bolster its online operation. "Our strategy is about offering more choice, competitive prices - particularly on food and consumables," Lore said. The company is streamlining its web team so that it can serve customers whether they shop online, via smartphones or in stores, according to the memo. Wal-Mart is under pressure as Amazon pushes deeper into the grocery business. Large retailers have traditionally used food to draw shoppers into stores, with hopes that they buy other goods with higher-profit margins. But now Amazon may pick off more of those customers. It is even targeting US food-stamp recipients. Sunday Indo Business Follow @Indobusiness Read More Struggling Abercrombie slashes jobs  Lindsey Rupp and Nick Turner Abercrombie & Fitch, facing sluggish shopping mall traffic and a shift to fast-fashion brands, is eliminating about 150 corporate jobs after years of struggling to turn around the chain. American Airlines hit by wages  Mary Schlangenstein American Airlines shares slumped by the biggest margin in five months on Friday as higher labour costs are set to hinder profit. Glanbia's Michigan milk plant will churn out up to 3.6m litres daily  Dan White Glanbia's $400m US expansion will consolidate its position as the largest producer of American-style cheddar cheese and add over one billion litres to its US milk pool. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Tesco in 'bold' €4.3bn move to buy UK food wholesaler Booker  World CityJet to pay up to $434m for new jets and buys Denmark's Cimber  World Richard Curran: The Trump bull run on Wall Street may well end in tears  World KGB chief linked to Trump file found dead amid Kremlin cover up claims  Europe Oscar-nominated director Asghar Farhadi unable to attend Academy Awards because of...  Movie News Many Clouds collapses and dies just moments after beating Thistlecrack in Cheltenham...  Horse Racing 'It's not a Muslim ban...it's working out nicely,' says Trump as detained refugees sue  North America WATCH: What happens when you apply the brakes at -20°?  Have You Seen UN agencies call on Trump to allow refugees entry as passengers with valid visas 'barred from US flights' Taoiseach forced into embarrassing u-turn over Sinn Fein coalition comments KGB chief linked to Trump file found dead amid Kremlin cover up claims Social media helps gardai prevent mass city street brawl Promoted articles Editors Choice Also in Business American Airlines hit by wages American Airlines shares slumped by the biggest margin in five months on Friday as higher labour costs are set to hinder... Struggling Abercrombie slashes jobs Abercrombie & Fitch, facing sluggish shopping mall traffic and a shift to fast-fashion... Glanbia's Michigan milk plant will churn out up to 3.6m litres daily Glanbia's $400m US expansion will consolidate its position... American's business gets classier as the bin war rages back in economy Interviewed on these pages last week, Emirates Airlines'... Shareholders 'losing patience' with Aryzta and Owen Killian Investor patience with Aryzta has been wearing thin for some time. Last week it reached... Richard Curran: The Trump bull run on Wall Street may well end in tears The performance of the Dow Jones seems to be the primary... Davy's 'outliers' for this year include China-US trade war A trade war between the US and China and the return of the Cold War are among Davy... 2017: A year in which we must turn threats into opportunities 2016 was certainly a year in which... Dearbhail McDonald: High hopes we can celebrate Chinese New Year with... Is the Wild Atlantic Way about to cede to the allure of the... Tight-lipped McGann urged to 'stamp authority' on Aryzta Aryzta's new chairman Gary McGann has been urged to "stamp his authority and defend... How better animal husbandry can make a herd more profitable VIDEO: How Much Is Your House Worth? Ireland's most comprehensive survey of prices shows calm in the capital, heated... VIDEO: Facebook takes fake news ' very seriously' Nicola Mendelsohn, Facebook's Vice President for Europe, the Middle East and... VIDEO: Russia releases silver Trump commemorative coin A Russian company has issued silver coins with Donald Trump's face on them to... VIDEO - May: Maintaining common travel area with Ireland a priority 'The family ties and bonds of affection that... VIDEO: Take a first look at the brand new Nintendo Switch Some lucky gamers get first dibs on the new Nintendo Switch console before it... VIDEO: Revealed - Which is better? Cows milk or almond milk? VIDEO: Donald Trump's top five Twitter feuds Following his latest online spat with Meryl Streep, take a look back at... VIDEO: iPhone marks 10th anniversary The iPhone, the device that redefined the mobile phone and has helped make... VIDEO: Record airlift of thoroughbreds from Ireland to China as 76 animals airlifted from Shannon Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals NI travel Video Podcasts Search Go
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Warning: Don't Do This When Buying a New Car You'll be tempted to focus on the monthly payment -- and the salesperson really wants you to. Here's why you shouldn't, and what you ought to do instead. Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Jan 16, 2017 at 12:04PM Image source: Getty Images. The other day I found myself on a car lot, test-driving a new-to-me car. I had mixed feelings about being there because up until a few days before, I had been driving the same old, reliable car for 12 years, and I really didn't want to shell out money for new-ish vehicle. I wrote about my experience with that car in an article a few months back, so I won't rehash everything here, but let's just say that after racking up 235,000 miles on the odometer, my old car was ready for retirement. As I walked into the dealership, I kept reminding myself about the great value I got out of my last car, and committed to not overpaying for the new car. But in order to that, there's one thing I had to remember not to focus on: the monthly car payment.  It's worth mentioning two things, here. First, if you can pay for a car in cash, that's typically the best way to do it. Second, you need to make sure you can afford the monthly payment, of course, but keep your focus on the out-the-door price. That's the final cost of the vehicle after negotiating, plus any fees, taxes, etc. It's what you're actually paying -- and if you lose sight of that, then you'll end up overpaying for sure.  Do your research and stick to a price I went into the dealership with about three months of research under my belt. I knew exactly what car I wanted, what other dealers were charging for similar models, what the reliability rating reviews were, what that specific vehicle's CarFax report said, what the TrueCar estimate was, the Kelley Blue Book value, what the dealer probably paid for it when it was traded in, what I could resell it for, and -- most importantly -- what I wanted to pay for it.  Now, no one needs to spend months researching cars. I've had a weird quirk since I was a kid that's made me actually enjoy reading vehicle reliability ratings, so I may have spent slightly more time than I needed to on my research. I know this because my wife told me on several occasions, "Just go buy a car, already!" But these days, you can find out all of the above information online in less than an hour, so there's really no excuse not to. After the test drive and a thorough look around the car, inside and out, I knew I was ready to negotiate. This step can be intimidating for many people, but let me offer a couple of bits of advice. First, I'm not an extremely outgoing or talkative person, so don't think that you have to be an extrovert in order to negotiate well. Second, remember that you are always 100% in charge of your wallet. I can almost guarantee that no car salesperson will, at any time, reach across the table and steal money out of your pocket. That's important to remember because even though I technically needed a car, I didn't need that dealer's car. Image source: Getty Images. When the saleswoman and I started negotiating on the price, she did what most car salespeople do. She kept bringing me back to the monthly payment, tried to get me to put down a larger down payment to lower the monthly cost, and showed me all of the costs that were unchangeable (i.e., taxes). But what she never brought up, and what I had to continue steering her toward (car pun!), was the actual price of the vehicle.  After about 20 minutes of negotiating, a couple of price drops on the car's actual cost, she said to me, "I like you Chris, and I want you to get this car today." Then she handed me a pen and said, "Come on, just sign it and let's be done." I kindly responded, "I like you too," pointed to the price of the car, and said, "But this price needs to come down just a little bit more." At one point she told me that her manager wouldn't want her to sell the car for any less. That's when I did a quick glance around the showroom, saw that virtually no one else was in the dealership buying a car that day, and told her that her manager would be very pleased that she's actually making a sale on this slow day. But the key to my negotiating was staying focused on the out-the-door price that I wanted, ignoring the attempts to turn my attention to the monthly payment, and being willing to walk away from the deal. This helps too When buying a used car, it's impossible to know how much the dealer actually paid for it. So I can only guess as to what they paid, based on some numbers from Kelley Blue Book. But by focusing on what I wanted to spend -- and being willing to leave the dealership without a vehicle -- I was able to get a great used car, for a great price, that I'll hopefully have for the next 10 years. After all the negotiating was all done and we had agreed on a price, the saleswoman asked who taught me how to negotiate the way I did. I told her that it wasn't anyone in particular, and added, "I just don't like spending money." Chris Neiger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends TrueCar. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Chris has covered Tech and Telecom companies for The Motley Fool since 2012. Follow him on Twitter for the latest tech stock coverage. Follow @tmfnewsie Article Info Jan 16, 2017 at 12:04PM Investment Planning Stocks TrueCar NASDAQ:TRUE $12.89 down $0.04 (-0.31%) Read More Vanguard vs. TD Ameritrade: Opening an IRA to Save for Retirement Are You Making These 5 IRA Mistakes? Capital One vs. TD Ameritrade: Best IRA Accounts 3 Facts About Baby Boomers' Finances The 5 Best States to Retire In 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Warning: Don't Do This When Buying a New Car @themotleyfool #stocks $TRUE
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists Elections 2016 PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Apartments Legals Garner Cleveland Record January 16, 2017 12:32 PM Crime Notes: Jan. 5-11 Harry Lynch hlynch@newsobserver.com i LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Garner Arrests ▪  Jan. 5, 3:10 p.m., Rhonda Lynn Crowder, 39, of 527 Winston Road, Clayton, was charged with larceny by an employee. ▪  Jan. 6, 11 a.m., Gilberto Manjarrez-Mora, 30, of 637 S. Mebane St., Burlington, was charged with embezzlement. ▪  Jan. 7, 1 a.m., Randall Allen Guethler, 49, of 8816 Juaquin Lane, Raleigh, was charged with driving while impaired and possessing drug paraphernalia. ▪  Jan. 10, 9:33 a.m., Tahghi Ray Campbell, 17, of 6137 St. Giles St., Raleigh, was charged with failure to appear in court on a charge of possessing marijuana. ▪  Jan. 10, 11:30 a.m., Lisa Hannans-Richard, 37, of 143 Weston Road, Garner, was charged with failure to appear in court on a charge of issuing a worthless check in Wilson County. ▪  Jan. 10, 4:05 p.m., Dalvin Marquis Jordon, 19, of 213 Griffin St., Garner, was charged with breaking into a motor vehicle, misdemeanor larceny and larceny of a firearm. ▪  Jan. 11, 12:05 a.m., Valerie Anne Bryan, 31, of 3625 Brideveil Court, Raleigh, was charged with driving while impaired. ▪  Jan. 11, 1:45 p.m., Cassandra Nora Green, 19, of 120-C Avery St., Garner, was charged with larceny by an employee and obtaining property by false pretense. ▪  Jan. 11, 3:30 p.m., Robert Goxcon Jara, 22, of 816 Navaho Drive, Raleigh, was charged with resisting an officer. Garner Incidents ▪  Jan. 5, 12:38 a.m., a call for service was made in the 1000 block of Brucemont Drive. ▪  Jan. 5, 12:03 p.m., an assault and kidnapping were reported in the 1500 block of Pinewinds Drive. ▪  Jan. 6, 4:45 p.m., a larceny was reported at Target on Timber Drive. Someone stole batteries valued at $103.96. ▪  Jan. 6, 5 p.m., a larceny was reported in the 100 block of Yeargan Road. Someone stole a license plate. ▪  Jan. 7, 8:27 a.m., a larceny was reported in the 900 block of Seventh Avenue. Someone stole a table and chairs. ▪  Jan. 7, 2:16 p.m., a call for service was made in the 2700 block of Timber Drive. ▪  Jan. 7, 10:13 p.m., a robbery was reported in the 1500 block of U.S. 70 West. Someone stole $250 in cash. ▪  Jan. 8, 7:20 a.m., a larceny and motor vehicle theft were reported in the 1100 block of U.S. 70 West. Someone stole a car and cellphone valued together at $10,500. ▪  Jan. 8, 3:20 p.m., an assault was reported in the 900 block of Seventh Avenue. ▪  Jan. 8, 4:34 p.m., a larceny was reported at Kohl’s on Shenstone Boulevard. Someone stole three necklaces and scent sets valued at $213. ▪  Jan. 9, 12:01 p.m., a larceny was reported at Rainbow on Fayetteville Road. Someone stole clothes valued at $39.98. ▪  Jan. 9, 1:41 p.m., police recovered a stolen motor vehicle for another agency in the 2600 block of Timber Drive. ▪  Jan. 10, 6:30 a.m., a larceny was reported in the 700 block of Lakeside Drive. Someone stole makeup and a GPS device valuedtogether at $110. ▪  Jan. 10, 1:55 p.m., a larceny was reported at Walmart on Fayetteville Road. Someone stole cellphone accessories valued at $149.59. ▪  Jan. 10, 2:25 p.m., a burglary was reported in the 100 block of Pasadena Road. ▪  Jan. 11, 7:35 a.m., an assault was reported in the 900 block of Seventh Avenue. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Garner Cleveland Record Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:49 $100 could get you a piece of North Topsail Beach Pause 2:10 Duke's Grayson Allen on big shots down the stretch 2:29 Mexico president Pena Nieto rejects U.S. decision to build wall 3:04 Iraqi refugee laments delay in her son's coming to the U.S. 0:19 Watch Luke Kennard's game-winning shot against Wake Forest 4:22 Whose job is it to save North Topsail Beach? 2:26 UNC's Berry talks about learning from loss to Miami 2:11 UNC's Theo Pinson on Coach Roy Williams: 'There was nobody else I wanted to play for' 1:47 Press Secretary Sean Spicer: 'We can disagree with the facts' 1:05 Versatile chef Andrea Reusing speaks about her latest venture, The Durham Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Garner State of the Town address 5:17 a day ago Garner State of the Town address 1:59 3 months ago Veterans experience the weddings they never had 1:45 3 months ago The heart and soul of Garner Football View more video Garner Cleveland Record Remaining spaces in Garner’s White Oak are filling in quickly Rolesville wins first conference wrestling tournament title, takes GNRC Garner sweeps GNRC swimming championships Corinth Holders edges Cleveland for Two Rivers 3A wrestling tourney title Garner State of the Town address Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
null
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments200+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Right Turnopinion 10 ways the media can fight back The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jennifer Rubin By Jennifer Rubin January 16 Follow @JRubinBlogger President-elect Donald Trump speaks during a rally in Hershey, Pa. (Evan Vucci/Associated Press) The media are facing four years (if he makes it all the way through) of President-elect Donald J. Trump as he misleads, berates, evades and distracts them in order to cover for his own ethical, moral, policy and intellectual shortcomings (of which there are many). The media have been bemoaning their fate, fearful they will be dancing to his tune just as surely as Trump dances to Vladimir Putin’s. The media, however, have practical methods at their disposal to combat Trump. First, do not bail out Trump when he attacks or evades the question of another journalist. Ask the same question or a follow-up. Do not move on to another topic. If he will not answer a question (e.g., Doesn’t Trump really know who Carter Page is, since he mentioned his name in his editorial board meeting with The Post during the campaign?) ask him why he refuses to answer. “You didn’t answer the question,” they can say. “Please do.” Second, come armed with Trump quotes and Trump video clips loaded on smart phones. Philippe Reines, who played Trump in the debate preparation with Hillary Clinton, figured out how much he hates hearing his own words thrown back in his face and the degree to which he will lie to avoid taking ownership of his words. “It was when Clinton quoted his tweet on climate change being a Chinese hoax that he went off the rails,” he told Politico. “He really doesn’t like being quoted back to him. I think part of it is he might not remember what he said or wrote at any given time.” (If true, he should have that memory thing checked out, by the way.) Third, do not ask multi-part questions or long questions. Make sure he does not have any ambiguity to exploit. Don’t ask: “Did you talk to the Russians during the campaign?” Instead ask: ” Did you or anyone on the campaign communicate in any way with the Russians?” Fourth, be focused on what he is not saying. He said he would “donate” money spent by foreigners at his hotels. The follow-up is: What about other moneys and benefits you receive from foreign governments or their state-owned banks and firms? Others would be: Do you owe money to any foreign banks? Does your company receive permits, licenses or other approvals from foreign governments that are of value? Fifth, his selected advisers and Cabinet members have contradicted him many times. Nominees want to get confirmed so they generally try to avoid sounding ignorant or nutty. Use the words of the people he respected and has raved about to corner Trump: Mike Pompeo, Jim Mattis and Rex Tillerson all say Russia is a threat. Do all your nominees know something you don’t? Steven Mnuchin, Trump’s secretary of treasury nominee says we can grow between 3 and 4 percent. Is Trump’s tax plan, which assumes much higher growth, just a sales job? Sixth, press him on his finances. If you won’t show your tax return to the nearest $100,000 how much did you claim in charitable deductions in 2015? 2014? How much of your debt is held by foreign banks? Do you have foreign partners or investors in any business venture? Seventh, confront him with inconsistencies in his policies. You said the “real” unemployment number is over 40 percent. Will the next month’s BLS unemployment rate reflect this? Would Russia have to stop support for Iran to enjoy better relations or are you content to see it as Iran’s major arm’s supplier? Eighth, remind him of poll numbers: Your approval rating entering office is the lowest of any recent president. Why don’t people like you or think you are honest? The overwhelming majority of Americans think Russia is a threat. If Putin is so unpopular with Americans why do you never criticize him? Ninth, put the onus on him to justify his positions and/or refusal to be transparent: You know every property and asset you own. Since you know which would benefit from changes in tax and regulatory policy how can Americans ever be sure you’re not enriching yourself? You hired Mike Flynn, who routinely went on RT, a Russian propaganda outlet, believing it was just another news network. Why should you or voters have any confidence he knows what he is doing? Tenth, ask him about the human cost of his policies: Many illegal immigrant parents have small children who were born in the United States. Many illegal immigrants have steady work, are enrolled in school or serve in the military. Will you kick them all out or are you in favor of amnesty for millions of people? Rolling back Medicaid to pre-Obamacare levels will leave many poor people with no health insurance. Will you do that? If tariffs go on goods made in China and Walmart raises its prices by 20 or 30 percent, what do you tell the family in Youngstown, Ohio, scraping to make ends meet when they cannot afford clothes or other necessities? In sum, Trump has gotten by on bluster and lies his whole career. Now his press secretary Sean Spicer demands “decorum” from the press. That’s rich. Rather than marvel at his skill in running circles around them (“Boy did he beat us again!”) the media should track his lies, point out his evasions, force him to answer specific queries and resolve to expose his financial conflicts, his foreign relationships and his policy blunders. Their job requires them to show the American people when and how he’s not doing his. opinions right-turn Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 200+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective. Follow @JRubinBlogger 201 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 In Venezuela, we couldn’t stop Chávez. Don’t make the same mistakes we did. 2 Opinion In leaked audio, Republicans destroy their own public talking points on Obamacare 3 Opinion Trump’s erratic first week was among the most alarming in history 4 Opinion The State Department’s entire senior administrative team just resigned 5 Opinion Ernesto Zedillo: Mexico can thrive without Trump Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions right-turn Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / APT Enhances Test & Learn® Platform to Measure the Impact of Digital Ads on Online and In-Store Shopping APT Enhances Test & Learn® Platform to Measure the Impact of Digital Ads on Online and In-Store Shopping Posted on January 16, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Applied Predictive Technologies today released APT Digital Omnichannel Testing (DOT). Washington, D.C. (PRWEB) January 16, 2017 Applied Predictive Technologies today released APT Digital Omnichannel Testing (DOT), enabling retailers to use its Test & Learn® platform to more accurately measure how digital advertising campaigns increase sales from existing customers across digital and physical channels. While a large majority of purchases still occurs in stores, most shoppers are now spending more time reading online ads and reviews before making a purchase. This presents marketers with a key challenge in understanding the relationship between the cause (online exposure) and the effect (in-store purchases). “With these enhancements, our proven Test & Learn platform can now provide additional clarity around the effectiveness of digital strategies,” stated Anthony Bruce, CEO of APT and 2017 Disruptor on the NRF Foundation’s List of People Shaping Retail’s Future. “Our clients now have direct visibility into the incremental impact of digital advertising campaigns on their own customers, enabling them to measure holistic results across channels.” APT DOT is an expansion of the company’s Test & Learn platform, designed to generate actionable insights on the performance of advertising campaigns to help increase sales with existing customers. How APT DOT Works A retailer trying to re-engage lapsed customers could test an online ad focused within their loyalty program members. With traditional techniques, retailers would be able to track clicks to online sales, noting any potential increase. Within this test, the retailer would also be able to identify if the increased sales matched the investment in an advertising campaign. With APT DOT, the retailer would leverage the Test & Learn platform to also incorporate purchases made in-store by loyalty program members, to more accurately capture the digital ad’s true return on investment across all channels. Such findings can drive substantial bottom-line impact – as much as double the efficacy, in initial implementations. “Findings like this can drive significant business value, particularly when applied to potentially millions of customers and hundreds of digital campaigns and initiatives,” said Bruce. APT DOT is complementary to other offerings from APT and Mastercard Advisors. These services provide insights and solutions that help optimize, streamline and grow businesses. About APT APT, a Mastercard company, is a leading cloud-based analytics software company that enables organizations to rapidly and precisely measure cause-and-effect relationships between business initiatives and outcomes to generate economic value. Our intuitive and proprietary Test & Learn® software utilizes sophisticated algorithms to analyze large amounts of data, enabling business leaders to conduct experiments and allowing them to make optimal decisions and implement business initiatives at scale. APT also offers products that support decision-making for specific business needs including transaction analysis, space planning, promotion design, category management and location selection. APT’s client portfolio features some of the world’s best known brands, including Walmart, Starbucks, Coca-Cola, Victoria’s Secret, American Family, Choice Hotels International, SUBWAY, TD Bank, T-Mobile, and others. APT has offices in Washington, D.C., San Francisco, London, Bentonville, Taipei, Tokyo, Sydney, Chicago, and New York. Visit http://www.predictivetechnologies.com to learn more. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/01/prweb13984692.htm Latest News A Game-Changer in How Women Shop Premium Athletic Wear Quartz Master to Expand Throughout California The McLean Group Advises Metis on its Recapitalization Author’s Helpful Journey on the Path to Transformation JoyFLIPS to Give Away 4 Apple iPads at Its RootsTech 2017 Launch LexInsight Launches Relativity Integration to Simplify eDiscovery Hiring Art Ventures Gallery Announces Inaugural Exhibition, Against (the) Algorithm—Around The World In 40 Years Leaked Trump Executive Order Bans International Travel for Permanent Residents and Legal Visa Holders From Certain Countries Aaron Couron, of Visual Data Group and LivingQlik, Inducted in the Qlik Luminary Class of 2017 Free People Launches New Wellness Retreats for 2017 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: host.madison.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $19.43/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Our sites Madison.com Cap Times Wis State Journal Popular features Obituaries Archives Comics Games and Puzzles Calendar of Events WSJ e-edition Topics Business, Money Entertainment Dining Lifestyles News People Sports Help Contact Us Customer Service Activate full access Subscriber services Newspaper subscriptions Place an Ad Full-Access FAQ Buy & Sell Business Directory Autos, Homes, Jobs Real Estate Marketplace Deals Promotions & Free Stuff! Legal notices Wisconsin Homes Newspaper Ads Weekly Circulars Carsoup: Vehicles for sale Jobs Shop Local Search Local weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 24° Madison, WI (53711) Today Overcast. High around 30F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Cloudy. A few flurries or snow showers possible. Low 18F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 28, 2017 @ 9:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Life Entertainment Dining Buy & Sell Close AP Adolescent Marijuana Use May Be on the Rise After All, New Study Shows newsfeedback@fool.com (Sean Williams) Jan 15, 2017 0 Image source: Getty Images. The marijuana industry enters 2017 with high hopes. Last year was arguably the best year ever for cannabis, and pro-legalization enthusiasts are counting on that trend to continue. Entering 2016, 23 states had legalized medical cannabis while residents in another four states had legalized the sale of recreational pot. By year's end, five new states have legalized medical cannabis, two of which did so entirely through the legislative process (Ohio and Pennsylvania). What's more, the number of recreation-legal weed states doubled to eight, with Nevada, Maine, Massachusetts, and the crown jewel, California, all voting in favor of their respective state's pot initiative. The expansion of marijuana at the state level is being fueled by two catalysts. First, public opinion toward marijuana has drastically shifted since California became the first state to legalize medical cannabis back in 1996. At the time, roughly a quarter of the public wanted to see pot legalized nationally, according to Gallup. As of 2016, 60% of respondents wanted to see marijuana legalized nationally, an all-time high. The second factor pushing the state-level expansion of weed is the "green" behind the green. Cannabis research firm ArcView believes the legal cannabis industry can grow by roughly 30% per year through the end of the decade, while investment firm Cowen & Co. pegs the legal marijuana market as being worth $50 billion by 2026. This would represent a compound annual growth rate of more than 23%. Industry participants want their hands on that growing slice of pie and so do state-level government officials who see marijuana taxes as a way of adding a new revenue source to their respective state. Image source: Getty Images.  Keeping kids away from pot remains paramount But with marijuana's expansion comes one key danger -- a danger, mind you, that has long kept the federal government from considering the legalization of cannabis at the federal level. This danger is the belief that legalization will allow pot to more easily fall into the hands of adolescents. There are certainly no shortage of studies suggesting that marijuana use in adolescents is bad news. For example, a 2015 study from Northwestern University found that adolescent cannabis use can have an adverse impact on users' long-term memory. Researchers examined the hippocampus (the area of the brain responsible for long-term memory retention) via MRI in subjects who had used marijuana for a period of three years and those who'd never used marijuana. What they found was a long-term memory test score that was 18% lower for the marijuana users, as well as an oddly shaped hippocampus. In 2014, an abstract published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences also appeared to demonstrate the adverse effects of pot use on adolescent brains. When comparing the MRIs of 48 users (some of which were adolescents) against 62 nonusers, researchers observed less gray matter in the orbitofrontal cortex, a region responsible for decision-making and motivation, for pot users compared to nonusers. What's more, marijuana users had lower average IQ scores. Image source: Getty Images. This new study is worrisome However, a new study from the UC Davis Violence Prevention Research Program is especially worrisome. The study found that Washington state teens (Washington legalized recreational weed in 2012) saw an uptick in pot use following the 2012 vote, and a significantly higher-than-average drop in the "perception of harmfulness," which is a measure of how teens view the dangers of marijuana use. Teens in states where pot is illegal have seen their perception of harm from marijuana drop by about 5% to 7%. By comparison, eighth-graders and 10th-graders in Washington state saw their perception of harmfulness fall by 14% and 16%, respectively. More so, cannabis use increased by 2% for eighth-graders and 4% for 10th-graders in Washington compared to a 1% decline in non-legal states. Researchers also examined Colorado, which legalized recreational pot at the same time as Washington in 2012. Despite no significant change in teen perceptions or use, researchers have hypothesized that Colorado was more lenient regarding weed prior to its recreational legalization, therefore teens were far more inclined to use cannabis before it was legalized. This would explain the relatively unchanged use habits among teens since 2012. What's also notable about this study is that its lead researcher was Magdalena Cerda. Cerda, along with assistance from Duke University, put out a study last March that found marijuana to be, in many ways, more dangerous than alcohol. After following a group of children born in Dunedin, New Zealand in 1972-1973 through age 38, researchers discovered that persistent marijuana use has negative social and economic repercussions. The report notes that even after accounting for a number of common factors, regular pot users were more antisocial at work, experienced more relationship problems, and had troubles controlling their debt and cash flow, relative to people who don't use marijuana. Long story short, there's a clear-cut concern that state-level legalizations are going to make it easier for teens to access marijuana, and that could work against the pro-legalization movement. Image source: Getty Images. Colorado is setting an example Even though Cerda and her research partners suggest that Colorado's stance toward pot may have been more lax than Washington state from the start, Colorado does have one thing working in its favor: a model policy on marijuana edibles. Keep up with money news, sent to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Beginning on Oct. 1, 2016, Colorado instituted tougher edible standards that now require the industry to label all edible products with a diamond-shaped stamp bearing the letters T-H-C, which is symbolic of tetrahydrocannabinol, the psychoactive ingredient found in marijuana. This should make it easy to identify edibles with marijuana versus non-pot products. Additionally, beginning this year Colorado will ban edibles in the shape of a fruit, animal, or human. Colroado's marijuana edibles approach could be exactly what California and other states need to calm fears that legalizing pot will increase teen use. California, the state at the heart of Cerda's concern, will be setting aside $10 million annually for drug abuse education programs as outlined by Prop 64, but this $10 million doesn't begin until pot shops open their doors in 2018. Between now and then, there remains the concern that marijuana could be easier for California teens to access. Also, according to the Los Angeles Times, Assemblyman Rob Bonta (D-Alameda) has introduced a bill that would ban marijuana billboard advertising on all state highways. Right now, it's only banned on interstate highways. Reducing pot impressions could allay fears that the ads would attract adolescents. Clearly, the marijuana industry is a work in progress. Even with its rapid growth prospects, there are still a mountain of finer details that need to be hashed out before the industry is on solid footing. It's these "finer details" and the need to smooth out some of the bumps in marijuana's path to prosperity that should give potential investors reason to pause. 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*  David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Wal-Mart wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of December 12, 2016 The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned.   Sean Williams has no material interest in any companies mentioned in this article. You can follow him on CAPS under the screen name TMFUltraLong, and check him out on Twitter, where he goes by the handle @TMFUltraLong. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Tags Wire × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Madison.com plans to switch to a new platform for reader engagement. Website article commenting will be disabled prior to the launch of the new platform. Participants will still need an account to post commentary on the site using the new system, called Livefyre. We hope this fresh start will create a more welcoming virtual space for a wider range of people and viewpoints. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Popular in this section Tesla Motors, Inc. CEO Joins President Trump's Manufacturing Council 81 Years of Social Security's Maximum Taxable Earnings in 1 Chart Microsoft's Surface Lineup Is Now a $4.3 Billion Business Why Ford Motor Company's Profit in Asia Dropped Last Quarter What's Next After This Fourth-Quarter Surprise From Comcast Corp.? Currents 66 cities where flights are getting more expensive Destinations Photo Contest Spotlight: See some of your best wildlife pictures from around the world Project Lab: Here's what the inside of a running table saw looks like Business Markets and Stocks News Oil and Gas Stock Roundup: It's All About the Outlook Business Markets and Stocks News Dividend Tax Rates In 2017: How Much Will I Owe? Madison Wisconsin Business News State apologizes for fraud fiasco, wants to reduce penalties Business Markets and Stocks News Are You Making These 5 IRA Mistakes? Business Markets and Stocks News Net Metering Is Under Attack: Here's What You Need to Know Business Markets and Stocks News Surprise! Massachusetts' Recreational Marijuana Law Is Facing Some Major Changes Business Markets and Stocks News Will Helmerich & Payne, Inc. Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Business Markets and Stocks News 3 Small-Cap Stocks to Buy in February   SITES & PARTNERS Madison.com Wisconsin State Journal Capital Times Nursingmatters WiscNews Shopper's Edge CarSoup Capital Newspapers TOPICS, FEATURES Obituaries Games & Puzzles Local weather News Sports Entertainment Events Life Comics Email Newsletters Archives Legal Notices WSJ e-edition Cap Times e-edition News Game Worship directory Online Features TOOLS, SERVICES Activate your digital subscription Customer service Contact Us Start a Wis State Journal subscription Subscribers services Shop Classifieds Homes Deals Place a classified ad Jobs Submit a Celebration Advertiser Services © Copyright 2017 Madison, 1901 Fish Hatchery Rd Madison, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
AEI Scholars Policy Areas Economics Foreign and Defense Policy Health Care Education Politics and Public Opinion Poverty Studies Society and Culture Events Research Blog Economics Foreign and Defense Policy Politics and Public Opinion Education Society and Culture Carpe Diem Pethokoukis TechPolicyDaily.com Commentary Subscribe My AEI Press Careers Internships For Students About About Leadership Annual Report Contact Directions Related Sites Donate Donate Now Individuals Corporations Foundations Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin YouTube Instagram Feed Subscribe to AEIdeas A public policy blog from AEI Economics Foreign and Defense Policy Politics and Public Opinion Education Society and Culture Carpe Diem Pethokoukis TechPolicyDaily.com James Pethokoukis @JimPethokoukis January 12, 2017 11:28 am | AEIdeas About the author James Pethokoukis @JimPethokoukis James Pethokoukis is a columnist and blogger at the American Enterprise Institute. Previously, he was the Washington columnist for Reuters Breakingviews, the opinion and commentary wing of Thomson Reuters. Follow @AEIdeas on Twitter Tweets by @AEIdeas What’s New on AEI President Trump’s predecessors — Bush II and Obama — learned about tariffs the hard way….. How a clever GOP tax plan managed to baffle everyone The New Administration’s Good Move on Housing The places where walls work More options: Share, Mark as favorite How much do we need to worry about ‘financialization’ and corporate short-termism? A Q&A with Rana Foroohar View related content: Economics, Pethokoukis Throughout the recent election, politicians painted Wall Street banks as the reigning lords of the American economy, such that Bernie Sanders urged we break up the banks in order to protect the little guy. Save Main Street! In her 2016 book, Makers and Takers: The Rise of Finance and the Fall of American Business (shortlisted for the Financial Times/McKinsey & Co Book of the Year prize), journalist Rana Foroohar argues that this trend of “financialization” has incentivized companies to engineer their balance sheets and their bottom lines – corporate short-termism — to the detriment of real job creation, business investmen, and long term growth. Hillary Clinton would agree. We discusse. Foroohar was an assistant managing editor at Time and the magazine’s economics columnist, and starts soon at the Financial Times as chief business columnist and associate editor. She is also a global economic analyst for CNN. Lightly condensed bits of our conversation are below; check out the whole thing on my Ricochet podcast. The New York Stock Exchange in Manhattan, New York City, December 21, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly. PETHOKOUKIS:  Let me just start out by reading just a bit from one review of your book, and you can say if this review pretty much captured it or what they missed, and you can go on from there. Traditionally, finance served the needs of business by providing capital and investing in long-term growth. But starting in the postwar decades and ramping up from the Reagan era onward, finance began to take care of themselves first. The banks’ primary activity became moving debt around, a risky strategy that hurts the ability of businesses to grow. As proof, you cite the fate of companies such as General Motors, General Electric and Xerox, whose myopic thinking led to a decline in innovation and their place at the pinnacle of global business. Instead of serving business, financialization became an end in and of itself, a closed system, unmoored, intangible economic activity. OK. My summary of the summary is tht we spend way too much on moving around money and adjusting balance sheets, not enough actually innovating and developing and making things. Is that about right? FOROOHAR: That is about right. That’s a great intro actually. And, you know, I’ll throw out just one statistic which kind of sums things up for me. Sometimes you get a metric that just really makes your eyes pop. And when I was reporting and researching this book, I came across an academic study that found that, today, only about 15% of all the money flowing out of the big US financial institutions actually ends up in business investment. So if you step back and you think about it, 15% of the money in finance going to business investment, well, what’s the rest of it doing? It’s being used for trading, the buying and selling of existing assets, issuance of debt, bidding up of housing bubbles – all the things that Adam Smith, the father of modern capitalism, would not necessary have wanted it to be doing. I mean, if we go back to the roots of the capitalist system, a healthy financial sector that is a helpmate to business is a really crucial part of that. Finance is supposed to allocate all of our savings, all of our capital as workers in a society properly, productively. And I would argue, and I think statistics have shown and any number of examples that I’ve hopefully illustrated in my book have shown that we’ve moved far, far away from that system. What was the catalyst that turned this into what it is now or what it has become? So when we think about the rise of Wall Street, often that gets correlated with Reagan economics, with trickledown economics, you know, with a kind of a shift in the ’80s towards the age of greed. And, sure, that’s part of it. But I’m actually saying – I’m going back further, and I’m pinning this shift to the ’70s and actually to a period in US history where the economy began to grow more slowly. You know, starting really in the early ’70s, US trend growth, economic growth began to slow down. And that was happening for certain good reasons. You know, post-World War II, Europe back was back on its feet, the emerging markets were starting to emerge. There was just, you know, what Fareed Zakaria would call the rise of the rest. There was more global competition and the US growth as it became, you know, a developed rich nation was slowing. So we were then at a turning point. Policymakers – by the way, on both sides of the aisle. I would say this is very much a bipartisan thing – could have taken some hard decisions to say, all right. Here we are. We are a fully developed economy; we have new global competition. How do we want to grow as a society? What kinds of businesses, what kinds of investments do we want to make to really sustain equitable growth in our economy? Policymakers passed the buck, both Democratic and Republican policymakers. Actually, I would argue that, in some ways, the shift in interest rate policy even under the Carter administration was one of the pegs for the shift that I’m talking about. But policymakers passed the buck and they passed the buck to Wall Street. And they said, you know what? We don’t want to upset any of our voting blocs. We don’t want to make tough decisions about, you know, who’s going to get what in society, so we’re going to let the markets decide. And I would argue that that then began to be part of this cult of efficient markets, the idea that the market always knows best, that the market is always efficient. Well, you know, certainly if we’ve learned one thing in the last eight years, it’s that the market is not always efficient. And that’s not to say government always knows best. I mean, one of the things I’m clearly trying to say in my book is that, actually, finance is what we make of it. It is a system of rules, and we make the rules, and we can change them. We can make finance more productive and really shift our system back to what it was, I would argue, prior to the early 1970s. It doesn’t sound like there was a government policy or set of policies that encouraged it. Are you more saying that this was happening and then government should have done something differently in the late ’70s? You know, I think that one of the things that’s very difficult to understand and communicate about this debate is there’s not one silver bullet problem, not one silver bullet fix. You know, some people would say, when we began to deregulate interest rates, that really unleashed Wall Street. Other people would say that when we began to change the ways in which corporate compensation could be awarded – you know, allowing buybacks, for example, stock buybacks to become legal, they were market manipulation ack in 1982, allowing more corporate comp to be paid out in tax deferred stock options, tax deductible debt. Some people would say that that was the turning point. The truth of the matter is there were a lot of small legislative shifts basically over the last 40 years that coincided with a rising bull market which was happening for reasons that I think actually have nothing to do with that deregulation but were more a matter of macro shifts in the economy that are now played out, the rise of the emerging markets, the entrance of women into the workplace, you know, various demographic things that are now tapped out. Markets were rising, deregulation was happening. So there was a lot of change taking place. Things seemed to be going along very well for a certain period of time, but what you can see is as finance grew from the 1980s onwards as a percentage of our economy, it’s now about 7% roughly of US GDP, creates only 4% of all US jobs, by the way, but takes a quarter of US corporate profits. So if you need any sense of monopoly power, there’s another statistic for you. As it was rising during that time, a number of metrics of business health were actually falling. So the percentage of R&D that companies spent – sorry – percentage of revenue that companies spent on research and development was falling; the number of startups per capita was falling. Any number of measures of entrepreneurial zeal and risk-taking in our economy was falling. And I would argue that that was because we took our eye off of business and put it on finance. And really, we need to switch those two things. We need to change that pyramid. So are you saying that all the tumult in the ’80s – we should have avoided that, that was bad? Well, you know, again, it’s a very nuanced process. And I think that even before the 1980s, there were shifts occurring. But, yeah. I think that what happened in the’80s is we sort of threw kerosene on some issues. I mean, definitely I think certain ways in which anti-trust was handled back then was an issue. But I would maybe once again kind of point your attention to this shift – rule shift in 1982 around stock buybacks because this is sort of a timely example and a good way to understand the process of financialization. Stock buybacks, obviously, are when firms go back – you know, go into the open markets and buy back their shares. And that artificially jacks the share price up. It always does that. You can look just at, for example, Apple, which is the lead chapter of my book. Over the last several years has spent tremendous amounts of money buying back its own stock and then jacking the price up. That tends to enrich the wealthiest Americans, the investor class, but oftentimes it’s enriching people that had nothing to do with the founding of that company. So we’re not talking about investors that are entrepreneurs and job creators. We’re talking about in many cases a speculative group of shareholders, activists, investors. You know, they used to be called barbarians at the gate but who were benefiting from this huge influx of capital into the markets. Well, at the same time, research and development in these companies, not just Apple but in many companies in America is going down as a percentage of revenue so that investment, that seed corn is actually falling. Now, this whole process was illegal before 1982. That rule then changed under the Reagan administration. But if you jump to the 1990s, under the Clinton administration, you got more kerosene poured onto this sort of financialization process when there was a conversation about the compensation – you know, how corporate executives would be paid. Even back then there was a discussion, as you know, about the growing wealth divide and certain members of the Clinton administration, like Joe Stiglitz, for example, thought that there should be caps on corporate compensation; others argued, you know, more the Rubin-Summers camp argued that, well, certain kinds of pay should be performance based, perhaps tax deductible. And so you have this burgeoning of share options – by the way, that was something that was pushed by Silicon Valley, a lot of liberals lobbied for that to happen. So, again, you get this kind of kerosene thrown on this process of corporate governance where managers, people that are running the largest companies in the country have every incentive to jack up share price for two or three quarters, but not necessarily look 10, 20, 30 years down the road and see what’s really going to benefit this company, what’s really going to benefit society over the long haul. And, by the way, that’s a real issue. When our major competition globally tends to be at this point state-run economies, you know, countries like China where you can take the long view. You know, family-run companies in emerging markets, where people are looking at a 10, 20, 30-year horizon. And I hear from a lot of CEOs in this country that it hamstrings them so much to have to think just about share price quarter on quarter rather than the longer-term best interest of a company. Now I’m going to push back a little because I sort of buy your premise on even days. On an odd day, I’m a little bit more skeptical. We happen to be doing this podcast on an odd day. It’s probably better for the podcast that I’m a skeptical mode. I guess I would say first and talking about sort of this transition. In the early ’80s, you know, the Dow was like 800. And it basically had gone nowhere since the late ’60s. And if you adjust it for inflation, it was probably down by two-thirds. Now, we’re right around 20,000. And if I had told someone back then that the Dow was going to go from roughly 1,000 to 20,000, I think they would say that the book to write would be a book called The Rise of American Business, not The Fall of American Business.  So just that one statistic would make me think that somehow we’ve done something right over the past 35, 40 years, and it hasn’t quite been the catastrophe for the American private sector. Well, it certainly – you know, if you want to pull that metric, absolutely you can make that argument. But I would say that, in some ways, that’s predicated on the notion that the share price is the best indicator of the health not only of business but of the overall economy. I would actually point to another metric. I would say that US trend economic growth, US average wages have actually been falling and stagnating depending, you know, in terms of wages what class of worker you’re talking about. It’s been falling for some time. Most working class people haven’t gotten a raise in real terms since 1968. A lot of middle-class people haven’t gotten one since the early 1990s. Now, there are a lot of factors in that – globalization, the rise of technology, which has dislocated a lot of jobs higher and higher up the food chain. But I would argue again that if you think about business investment and productive capital allocation as the real seed corn of our growth, I would argue that that has been changing and that you can see a lot of companies as they have moved away from really focusing on their core business, really focusing on not just moving money around, but creating the new, new thing, creating real investment, that their competitiveness globally has fallen, that market share has fallen. I’ve got a number of examples about this in the book. And also, the amount of debt out there in the economy has risen. This is an issue. I think, you know, we haven’t heard a lot about debt. Interestingly, in the last presidential cycle, Rand Paul was the only one that was, you know, early on kind of banging on about it. But I actually think that debt is a real issue. The rise of debt in our economy, unproductive debt is a real issue. You’re talking mainly private sector debt here or do you mean private sector and public? Well, you talk about – I’m talking about both kinds of debt actually, but, you know, it’s interesting because the rise in debt, the pace in rise of debt is the biggest predictor of financial crises, globally. And if you look just at the private sector right now, the amount of corporate debt out there is actually very high. And we’ve already had some hiccups in the junk bond market because of that. Now, a lot of people say, you know, hey, the market’s almost at – you know, it’s at 20,000. You know, what are you worried about? Well, that’s kind of exactly what I’m worried about because if you look at economic fundamentals, nothing on Main Street has really changed. There’s nothing different in the growth story than there was eight years ago when the economy was really struggling. What’s different? Well, the Fed dumped $4 trillion into the economy over the last eight years, which, you know, yeah, that will jack share prices up, you know. And interest rates are still historically low even though they’re probably going to start rising at some point. They probably won’t rise as fast as they have in the past. I think that there is a real disconnection between Wall Street and Main Street. And, by the way, I think most intelligent investors out there would agree with that. Most people think there will be a correction in the market. It’s just a matter of when and how. Are there countries out there you think that are getting it right? So, again, I don’t think there’s one perfect example of a financial system that we should emulate, but I’ll point to two or three examples of certain aspects of other systems that we might want to think about. And one would be Canada. So if you go back actually, you know, to the roots of our financial system, one of the reasons that there is risk in our system is because of the square off in the days of the founding fathers between Hamilton and Jefferson. You know, Hamilton wanted a big integrated nationalized financial system. Jefferson was more in favor of this sort of small agrarian interest, didn’t want a lot of concentration of power. What we ended up with is kind of a hash up where you had national banks but a lot of commercial banks were not allowed to gain scale early on. Later, arguably with the repeal of Glass-Steagall, which was the Depression-era banking legislation that, you know, separated trading and investment, you got maybe too much concentration and too many business lines being combined. In Canada, you had a different system. You had a system where trading and commercial lending were separated, but commercial lending was actually allowed to achieve scale nationally. Canada’s never really had a major financial crisis. So that’s one thing to think about. The other example I might point to is Singapore. There you have a system where you actually pay government workers and regulators salaries that are high enough to attract real talent into the system, you know, so that you get a balance between risk-taking on Wall Street and policing in government. And, you know, I think that those are just two examples I might point to. There are many others. Just before we went on, I went on to the Forbes website and I looked up the Forbes list, and they do a list of the most innovative of companies. And I looked on that list and I looked at the top 10 and I see nine American companies. And one of my favorite charts looks at which economy is able to produce very wealthy entrepreneurs. So these are people who got rich by creating value, not by manipulating money. Absolutely. Yeah. And no other large advanced economy produces as many, based off of the size of the population. So looking at that, everything you say may be right that we would be better if we were not as so financially heavy, but yet we still seem to be a pretty dynamic economy. I know that productivity statistics may not say it and I know there’s a very active debate whether they’re missing things in this digital economy, but I think there’s a plausible argument that despite all this financialization – and some people then might say maybe because of it – with venture capital — when people ask the question, gee, why is the US able to produce so many fast-growing, high-impact tech companies versus Europe, they always say, well, we have these great capital markets here, venture capital. So isn’t there a plausible argument that we’re doing something right? Well, you can certainly argue that there are a lot of things that are great about the American economy. I would not argue otherwise. I was actually a foreign correspondent working and living in continental Europe for 10 years. And, believe me, there are many aspects of business there that I would not want to emulate. So don’t get me wrong about that. But I would argue that actually we could unleash much higher trend growth. I mean, it’s interesting. That’s of course been a part of the debate. Donald Trump, you know, becoming the president-elect by arguing that we could be at 4% growth rather than 3 if we just unleashed the economy. Now, I may not agree with all of his policies about how to do that, but I agree that the US trend growth could be higher if we actually took some steps to change parts of our process that are hindering us. And, you know, I would say that financialization in recent years has become part of the problem. You know, if you look – there are any number of large-scale, long-term international studies by the BIS or the IMF or the World Bank that show that when finance becomes even half the size as a percentage of the economy that it is in the US, it starts to have a growth-hindering effect. And I would go back again to that statistic I gave you earlier. Finance is 7% of the economy, creates 4% of all jobs, but takes a quarter of all corporate profits. Does that sound fair to you, because it doesn’t to me? That sounds like monopoly power of a kind that you don’t have in any other industry. And to answer your question, I actually didn’t count venture capital as part of financial sector in this book. It is a tiny – if you look at it as a percentage of the overall capital flows in America, its tiny, tiny. So I agree with you. We actually have, you know, in many parts of the country a very active, viable, productive venture capital sector but it’s such a tiny part of our overall financial system that it’s not an apples-to-apples comparison. And, as you mentioned earlier, tying this into the idea of short-term thinking, there is one statistics that kind of jumps out at me. I look at R&D spending and I think last year it was at the highest share ever as a share of GDP. If this was as big a problem, wouldn’t that number be very, very low? And why would it be going up if companies were actually thinking short-term? It’s funny because I actually love that you’re – Persuade me. Yeah. I will persuade you. And I love that you’re pointing this out because in some ways this is actually really illustrative. It shows you, you know, lies, lies and statistics, right? We can each of us pull a statistic to show our point. The one that I would pull would be to look not as a percentage of US GDP, but rather as a percentage of the overall revenue of the companies themselves. As companies get bigger and more powerful – and, by the way, they are bigger and more powerful than ever before – the corporate share of the overall economic pie is at record levels, whereas the labor share is at postwar lows. That has been falling. So you can look at it in many ways. But, actually, let me pivot – I’ll do a pivot – journalistic pivot and shift to something else which I think may be more convincing to you. One of the statistics that I found very interesting in researching this book and in particular thinking about the issue of short-termism was to look at the behavioral differences between public companies and private companies, right? Family-owned private companies, really, any kind of private company versus publicly owned companies that are under all this Wall Street pressure to keep their share prices high. How do they behave differently? Well, here’s how they behave differently. Private companies over the last 20 years or so in America have spent twice the amount of money as a percentage of their overall revenue on really productive investments in the economy, things like building new factories, investing in new technologies, research and development, worker training – twice as much as public companies, apples for apples. And to me, I look at that and I say, well, what’s the difference? Well, the difference is Wall Street. And you ask any – I challenge you. Go ask anybody who runs a family-owned business in this country, they will agree with that. They will say, yeah. I don’t want to be under the market pressure because, you know what? The market pressure is to do whatever it takes to bolster the share price quarter by quarter and not really think about what’s going to keep my business competitive in five or 10 years, let alone what’s good for the community that I live in or the national economy as a whole. But do we want to return to that pre-mid-’70s kind of capitalism if we could? Again, I think you had a lot of sleepy US corporations that were not under very tough competitive threat, sort of fat and happy companies that were eventually just really steamrolled by very aggressive countries, Japan being one example. There had to be a change in corporate America. Those companies had to become more efficient. If you were going to remain an open economy, corporate America was going to change. So how would have things looked differently? How would the economy look different? So I’m absolutely not arguing for a return to the ’70s. You can’t return to the ’70s, just like, you know, when people talk about, well, if we only had Glass-Steagall, the banking regulation again, we’d never have another financial crisis. Well, that’s not true either. You know, sure, it would be interesting to think of some modernized Glass-Steagall that might help us to reduce banks’ ability to do risky trading, but that’s not going to prevent the S&L crisis, for example. And neither am I arguing that we should try and hope to return to the 1970s in terms of the business economy. But what I am saying is this: when you look at where wealth and capital are going in our society, they are, I would argue, not going anymore to productive investments that will push the overall national economy forward. You know, we have a system now in which corporate America is holding about $2 trillion of cash abroad. There’s a big debate – and this was, again, part of the reason that Donald Trump got elected – big debate over how to get that cash back. That’s crucial to really fomenting a sustainable recovery because, frankly, the public sector just doesn’t have the mojo to do it. You know, I mean, I think, great, if we can get an infrastructure through; great if we can get more fiscal spending, but the public sector has more debt than it did before the financial crisis. If we look out there globally, the consumer has, you know, recovered, but we don’t want to get into a consumer debt bubble of the kind that we did pre-2008. So we really need to look to the corporate sector and corporate investment as a way of generating economic growth and job growth. Well, when corporations are under pressure from Wall Street to channel their capital to the wealthiest investors rather than to think about what is going to be good overall for their own growth, what is going to be good for innovation, what is going to be good for creating a group of consumers that can actually buy products – I mean, you know, just to go back to the old, you know, Fordism argument, when you have an economy like ours, it is 70% consumer spending and people haven’t gotten a raise in 40 years in real terms, well, eventually the math doesn’t work, you know. You have to think about putting capital somewhere aside from at the very top of the pyramid. And I would argue that that’s what we need to be thinking about when we think about what’s growth going to be in two years, four years, five years. Right. So you mentioned companies having all those cash. So you’re confident that that there are productive uses for that money that are not happening because they’re under pressure from activists and investors to boost the stock price, return capital to investors — that if not for that, there are all manner of productive uses for that money in either investments they could be making, other maybe smaller companies they could be buying, all kinds of uses. They’re just not because of that pressure. That’s a somewhat simplistic way of putting it. It’s not just activist pressure. It’s an entire system of financialization, but, yes. And, you know, it’s not just me that thinks this. I mean, ask Warren Buffett, you know. He thinks there’s plenty of productive uses of capital for American companies right here at home. Carl Icahn thinks that. I mean, there are plenty of smart investors, much smarter people than me, who say the same thing. And I also, you know, I travel around, I’m from the rural Midwest. I look out. I see those productive uses. I see that there are parts of this country that could be just as competitive in terms of labor as many less expensive labor markets when you think about things like energy costs and just-in-time supply chains. I think that there is a lot that we could do in this country. And I think that there are also ways of thinking about corporate – (audio break). I mean, I’ll give you one example. You know, a few years ago, because of some very complex outsourcing of supply chains amongst retail companies like Walmart and H&M, both U.S. and European companies, there was a big disaster in Bangladesh, a factory that had very poor safety standards collapsed and killed about 2,000 workers. Well, a lot of these companies didn’t even know they were doing work – outsourcing work to those countries in those faulty factories because they had such complex supply chains. That something that gets taught in business schools. You know, business schools, you know, that have very financially oriented training programs for MBAs say, put your workers where it’s cheapest, marshal your capital, treat human labor as a cost rather than an asset. I actually think the smartest businesses are beginning to realize, you know what? The world is awash in capital. There’s plenty of money rolling around but really great labor, really productive workers, robust local economies – that’s in shorter supply. And if you can tap into that, that’s a great way to grow. I think that’s actually a good point that capital being so cheap – Clayton Christensen has written about this, that businesses have been very slow to figure that out, and maybe that’s playing a role in some of this short-term thinking. I also wonder, maybe we already are seeing a market solution to this. I was just reading a story about the decline of public companies. They call it the de-equitization of the American market. Yeah. I read that story. Where companies are staying private longer. Maybe it’s already happening, where markets are adjusting. If companies don’t think that being in this public market is good because of all this pressure, they’re just staying private. Well, I think you’ve made a great point and I think that that is already happening. The thing that worries me, though, is that, you know, when companies stay private, the actually limits the amount of – the percentage of the population that can take part in that kind of wealth creation. So I would love to see public companies as well be able to function in a way that would be healthier for society. I mean, kind of all of our 401ks depend on it, right? So just one more thing. I work at a think tank. I like public policy. Is there a big idea, a big public policy idea that would lead to the de-financialization of the economy? Well, let me put forward two ideas. It doesn’t sound like it’s Glass-Steagall from what you said. I don’t think so. I don’t think so. And I actually – I mean, I’m a liberal, but, to be honest, unlike most liberals, I really don’t believe that, you know, post-facto regulation of everything is the way forward. For starters, you know, Wall Street is always smarter than the regulators. They’re always one step ahead. You’re always fighting the last war. That’s not to say we don’t need certain kinds of smart regulation and protections, but I don’t think that that is the solution. What I would say is two things. One practical solution I think we should be thinking about is shifting away across all types of policy away from subsidizing debt and towards incentivizing equity. Now, I’m not saying that that’s not a complicated change but I think if you start to really through the tax code and think about all the ways in which we subsidize really stupid kinds of debt at both the consumer and the corporate level and just shift it, just say, you know what? We’re not going to incentivize debtors. We’re going to incentivize savers, both at the consumer and the corporate level. I think that you could really see some powerful shifts there. The other thing I would say is more of kind of an existential thing is just think about the fact that – go back to Adam Smith. Finance is supposed to help business. Finance is not the end game. When finance becomes the end game, you know you usually have a problem in your economy.   Corporate america Corporate behavior Glass-steagall International finance Wall Street Discussion: (1 comment) America's Favorite Country Doc January 13th, 2017 Thanks for the discussion. And we agree with Ms. Foroohar’s proposals. Evolution, and all of us, follow two paths: survival and diversity–or profits and innovation. We discuss these more in our book, The Boids and the Bees, if you are interested. But if you want to measure the health of a system look at its diversity and not at the longevity, or the wealth, of its members. Reply Share Leave a comment: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website AEI 1789 Massachusetts Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20036 © 2017 American Enterprise Institute Close Sort By: Most Recent Relevance Most Recent Least Recent Refine Content: Hot Topics Poverty Studies (174) Marilyn Ware Center For Security Studies (237) Global Internet Strategy (GIS) Project (180) 2016 Presidential Election (1208) Policy Area Economics (17517) Aging (638) Economic Fluctuations and Growth (34) Environmental and Energy Economics (1700) Financial Services (1804) Housing Finance (400) International Economics (1282) Labor Studies (191) Monetary Economics (606) Political Economy (57) Public Economics (2729) Technology and Innovation (822) Education (2645) Economics of Education (28) Higher Education (373) K-12 Schooling (610) Leadership and Innovation (137) Foreign and Defense Policy (14949) Africa (178) Asia (2100) Defense (966) Economic Development (20) Europe and Eurasia (1771) India/Afghanistan/Pakistan (518) Intelligence (76) Latin America (782) Middle East (3586) Terrorism (619) Health Care (4065) Economics Aging (73) Health Economics (91) Politics and Public Opinion (8971) Campaign Finance/Reform (20) Constitution (144) Courts (184) Criminal Justice (3) Elections (2753) Executive Branch (189) Legislature (488) Polls (674) Poverty Studies (981) Society and Culture (6141) Citizenship (501) Civil Rights (42) Free Enterprise (285) Immigration (92) Race and Gender (307) Religion (469) Scholar mmeyers (2) Joseph Antos (416) Leon Aron (445) Michael Auslin (846) Claude Barfield (486) Michael Barone (1285) Robert J. Barro (5) Roger Bate (850) Eric J. Belasco (4) Richard Bennett (30) Andrew G. Biggs (821) Edward Blum (84) Dan Blumenthal (355) John R. Bolton (879) Andrew Bowen (15) Karlyn Bowman (2371) Alex Brill (257) Arthur C. Brooks (655) James C. Capretta (313) Timothy P. Carney (412) Walton Chaney (1) Lynne V. Cheney (55) Edward Conard (65) Kevin C. Corinth (46) Maura Corrigan (12) Mike Daniels (6) Jewel Dauletalina (3) Whitney Dee (1) Jason D. Delisle (19) Sadanand Dhume (368) Robert Doar (128) Thomas Donnelly (680) Mackenzie Eaglen (279) Nicholas Eberstadt (527) Jeffrey Eisenach (117) Flavio Felice (83) R. Richard Geddes (70) James K. Glassman (464) Joe Glauber (1) Jonah Goldberg (882) Barry K. Goodwin (1) Scott Gottlieb (603) Phil Gramm (23) Mary Habeck (5) Kevin A. Hassett (1035) Robert B. Helms (128) Frederick M. Hess (992) R. Glenn Hubbard (155) William Inglee (4) Benedic N. Ippolito (11) Matthew H. Jensen (32) Matt Jensen (14) Frederick W. Kagan (414) Leon R. Kass (91) Andrew P. Kelly (294) Paul H. Kupiec (93) Jon Kyl (35) Desmond Lachman (1160) Roslyn Layton (54) Adam Lerrick (56) Phillip Lohaus (59) Kirsten D. Madison (4) Nat Malkus (76) Aparna Mathur (304) Matt A. Mayer (105) Michael Mazza (246) Rachel M. McCleary (1) J. Matthew McInnis (157) Michael Q. McShane (229) Lawrence M. Mead (18) Bruce D. Meyer (1) John W. Miller (3) Thomas P. Miller (427) Charles Murray (337) Roger F. Noriega (527) Stephen D. Oliner (106) Norman J. Ornstein (999) Anthony Paranzino (1) OBallou (31) Mark J. Perry (13311) James Pethokoukis (4276) Tomas J. Philipson (44) Edward J. Pinto (314) Danielle Pletka (1018) Ramesh Ponnuru (441) Ariel Rabkin (16) Angela Rachidi (115) Vincent R. Reinhart (135) Gerard Robinson (113) Dalibor Rohac (114) Michael Rubin (1503) Sally Satel (425) Gary J. Schmitt (618) Mark Schneider (70) David Schoenbrod (25) Derek Scissors (220) Sita Nataraj Slavov (60) Andy Smarick (24) Vincent H. Smith (114) Christina Hoff Sommers (244) Katharine B. Stevens (64) Thomas Peter Stossel (33) Michael R. Strain (246) Ryan Streeter (4) Phillip Swagel (95) Bret Swanson (33) Jim Talent (58) Shane Tews (36) Marc A. Thiessen (1344) Stan Veuger (285) Alan D. Viard (327) Peter J. Wallison (954) W. Bradford Wilcox (101) Wendell L. Willkie II (3) Paul Wolfowitz (179) John Yoo (317) Roger I. Zakheim (34) Madeline Zavodny (24) Weifeng Zhong (19) Katherine Zimmerman (166) Joel M. Zinberg (55) Benjamin Zycher (161) Type Commentary (53838) American Essays (2968) Article (24080) Blog (26790) Event (3098) Multimedia (2440) Banter (155) Datapoint (1024) Events Podcast (15) Infographics (91) Podcast (965) Video (190) Press (3651) Interview (70) Media Appearances (2383) Releases (1198) Research (5337) Book (1299) Journal Publication (110) One Pager (18) Reports (1985) Speech / Testimony (1306) Working Paper (619) Special Feature (112) Date In the last week (108) In the last month (408) In the last year (4817) Earlier (63895) Custom Date Range - Refine Results Additional Keywords: Refine Results Login or Register to save searches. Open Refine Content
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Gaming All of your Nintendo Switch questions, answered Image Source: Nintendo Jacob Siegal @JacobSiegal January 13th, 2017 at 12:05 AM Share Tweet On Thursday night, after months of anticipation, Nintendo finally told us everything we’d been waiting to know about the Switch. It took the company over an hour to say everything it needed to say, so we decided to recap all of the most important announcements in a post below. If you want to know when the Switch is launch, how much it will cost and what games you’ll be playing on it, read on. Don't Miss: Peter Thiel believes the ‘age of Apple is over’ When does the Switch launch? March 3rd, 2017 in the United States, Europe, Japan and several other regions. How much does it cost? $299.99 in the US and 29,980 yen in Japan. Nintendo says customers in Europe will need to contact their local retailers in order to figure out how much the console will cost in their region. What games has Nintendo announced? The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild | March 3rd 1-2 Switch | March 3rd: 2-player party game that only requires the Joy-Con controllers. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe | April 28th: New characters, courses and more. ARMS | Spring 2017: A fighting game where the characters have extendable arms. Splatoon 2 | Summer 2017: Sequel to the popular Wii U third-person shooter. Super Mario Odyssey | Holiday 2017: 3D sandbox adventure outside of the Mushroom Kingdom. Xenoblade Chronicles 2: A new open-world RPG in the Xenoblade saga. Fire Emblem Warriors Dragon Quest X Dragon Quest XI Dragon Quest Heroes I & II Untitled Shin Megami Tensei game Project Octopath Traveler The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Untitled No More Heroes sequel FIFA How long will the battery last? 2.5 hours to 6 hours, depending on the game being played. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, for example, will be playable for approximately 3 hours before the battery dies. Will the Nintendo Switch be region-locked? No! Nintendo says that “in general” region-locking won’t be applied to Switch software. How will the online service work? When the console launches in March, every Switch owner will be able to play games online for free. In the fall, Nintendo will switch to a paid model similar to PS Plus and Xbox Live, which will give Switch owners access to online lobbies, voice chat and a free monthly download of a classic NES or SNES game (with added online play). Check the Switch online service page for more information. How much do accessories cost? The “Choose your Nintendo Switch” page on Nintendo’s website reveals that the Nintendo Switch Pro Controller will cost $69.99, a pack of two Joy-Con controllers will cost $79.99, a single Joy-Con (L) or Joy-Con (R) will cost $49.99, the Joy-Con Charging Grip will cost $29.99, the Nintendo Switch Dock Set (with a separate Switch Dock, AC adapter and HDMI cable) will cost $89.99 and a Joy-Con Wheel costs $14.99. How do I preorder a Switch? Check the Amazon widget below. Also try visiting Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart and other retailers online. Preorders are expected to start in the US at 9 AM on Friday morning and in Japan on January 21st. Nintendo New York will also be offering a very limited number of preorders on Friday. Nintendo Switch Sale price withheld at the manufacturer’s request. Visit Amazon for pricing. BGR may receive a commission Buy Now Tags: Nintendo, Nintendo Switch View Comments Trending 1 Mobile The iPhone 8 might take a revolutionary approach to sensors 2 Mobile Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this 3 Entertainment ‘Split’ twist ending: Everything you need to know about the final scene 4 Apps & Software Google Docs just got a whole lot more powerful on iOS and Android 5 Apps & Software You can already jailbreak iOS 10.2 Picked For You The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother By Mike Wehner January 26th at 8:00 PM The iPhone 8 might take a revolutionary approach to sensors By Chris Smith January 27th at 5:54 PM Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this By Chris Smith January 27th at 2:14 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, January 29, 2017, 3:14 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Restaurants serve up perks to draw, keep workers By LESLIE PATTON BOOOMBERG NEWS This article was published January 15, 2017 at 1:49 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Lisa Aragon just couldn't get the headhunter to take no for an answer. Five times in a month, she turned down enticements, including higher pay and four weeks of paid vacation. This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Restaurants serve up perks to draw, keep workers Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Fayetteville firm sees high-flying market for... Pine Bluff initiative chairman encouraged by ... Analyst: Sales not in the bag at Prada, other... Cash flow tenuous for many businesses Restaurants serve up perks to draw, keep work... Bird flu-hit S. Korea agrees to import U.S. e... Ski resorts woo millennials to replace baby b... Lentil prices rebounding after tough Canadian... BUSINESS PEOPLE More Business stories > Comments on: Restaurants serve up perks to draw, keep workers To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Early fouls limit Hogs' tenacity (1 comment) Trump: 20% Mexico-goods tax funds wall (38 comments) Police review Facebook remarks about women's march linked to Arkansas trooper (10 comments) May, refugees, Mexico cap Trump's first week (17 comments) Hutchinson 'hesitant' to support smoking ban on medical marijuana (24 comments) Child-porn plea draws sentence of 15 years for Arkansas man (4 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
