Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Arkansas Senate takes on medical pot, AG restates opinion that state is obligated to implement voter initiative FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance More positives than negatives in recent Jonesboro, Craighead County sales tax, unemployment numbers Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas Senate takes on medical pot, AG restates opinion that state is obligated to implement voter initiative FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project Changes to Arkansas Works would lower income, require work, cut around 60,000 from benefit access U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance More positives than negatives in recent Jonesboro, Craighead County sales tax, unemployment numbers Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project UCA program to host startup pitch contests and events for K-12 Video / Podcasts U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics AEDC’s Mike Preston: Trump a factor in full project pipeline, wary of bills affecting Arkansas’ image Sen. Cotton: ‘I expect to be very active’ in Obamacare replacement White House amenable to medical marijuana laws, but states should ‘abide by’ federal law on recreational use Sen. Cotton: In ‘second quarter’ of Russian investigation, which is expanding Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail American Trucking Association praises DOT report on hours of service restriction Big rig orders in North America increase 28% in February WorkHound announces $500,000 investment to grow company The Supply Side: Walmart.com revamp could include limited marketplace access Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Walton family heirs reduce stock holdings BusinessFinanceNews BriefsNorthwest Arkansas by Talk Business & Politics staff (staff2@talkbusiness.net) 1 day ago 1,027 views  Tags: Walton Family 0 SHARES Share Tweet (from left) Jim Walton, Alice Walton and Rob Walton at the 2016 Wal-Mart shareholders meeting. In recent weeks heirs of Wal-Mart Stores founders Helen and Sam Walton sold off more than 12.585 million shares of the retail stock with a market value in excess of $898.535 million, according to filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Alice Walton and her brothers Jim and Rob are trustees of the Walton Family Holdings Trust, the largest shareholder of Wal-Mart Stores. In April 2015, the Walton family said it would regularly reduce holdings to roughly 50% of outstanding shares. The most recent ownership filings indicate that balance is about 51%. The Walton Family Holding Trust still holds 134,205,978 shares of Wal-Mart’s outstanding shares.  The family’s stock holdings in the the trust are worth an estimated $9.394 billion. Outside the trust the heirs each individually own and control the following number of shares: • Alice Walton: 6,748,580 shares worth $472.603 million; • Jim Walton: 10,507,127 shares worth $735.709 million; and • Rob Walton: 3,342,653 shares worth $234.052 million. The filings also indicated 1,715,000 shares were removed from the family’s trust holdings on Feb. 28 and transferred to undisclosed beneficiaries of the trust. The Walton family ranked the wealthiest in the nation for the past three yards according to Forbes. In 2016, Forbes estimated the Walton’s overall fortune was worth an estimated $130 billion. Since Jan. 1 the Walton’s trust holdings were valued as high as $10.168 billion and as low as $9.223 billion. For every $1 the share price increases the family’s trust value rises $1.34 million. That same value is lost if the share price falls by $1. Comments comments Previous post Made in America: Robots on the rise as 2016 shipments jump 10% Next post U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Frank D. Scott, Jr. How regulatory relief can be good for the economy Angela Grayson ‘The Slants’ and a challenge to trademark law Cal Rose Investing in medical marijuana is a high risk, high reward venture Nate Steel It’s time to end Dodd-Frank’s hit on community banks Frank D. Scott, Jr. Black leaders making a difference in business, their communities Latest Popular Arkansas Senate takes on medical pot, AG restates opinion that state is obligated to implement voter initiative 7 hours ago FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance 7 hours ago More positives than negatives in recent Jonesboro, Craighead County sales tax, unemployment numbers 9 hours ago Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project 10 hours ago American Trucking Association praises DOT report on hours of service restriction 10 hours ago Legislative panel votes to ban marijuana smoking, edibles 2,547 views Denver company enters Northwest Arkansas apartment market with $53.3 million deal 2,081 views After heated debate, House panel Ok’s merger of Forrest City technical school into local community college 1,844 views Rep. Leding, others file bill to expand Arkansas civil rights to include sexual orientation, gender identity 1,788 views Report suggests USA Truck could again face a takeover attempt (Updated) 1,085 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
TUE, MAR 07, 2017 | 7 °C Overcast Full Text Archive uReport Newsletter Sign-up Submit an event Contests Crossword Walk-in Clinics Traffic Conditions Bus Cancellations In Your Neighbourhood Digital Print Editions Contact Us Events GoodLife MBM Shows Routes Available Local Ads Delivery Questions Home Improvement Resource Centre Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Business Crime Council Education Roads & Transit Ontario Canada World uReport 4 hours ago Feds don't know cost of children: study Study says no firm estimate on costs to raise a family a problem for... Latest News SEE MORE SIU probes fatal fall from highway overpass Elections BC reviews Liberal donations Canadian woman barred from entering U.S. Baseball Basketball Curling Football Golf Hockey Soccer Olympics uReport 2 hours ago No. 4 Gonzaga tops Santa Clara, into 20th straight WCC final No. 4 Gonzaga tops Santa Clara, into 20th straight WCC final Latest Sports SEE MORE Leonard's 39 points, defence, lead Spurs by Harden, Rockets India out for 274, sets Australia 188 to win 2nd test Australia to host England in 1st women's day-night test Arts & Entertainment Celebrity Contests Events Lists Movies Music Television uReport 7 hours ago Emma Watson still in touch with Harry Potter co-stars Emma Watson says the 'Harry Potter' cast keep in touch via a "WhatsApp... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Rick Rude to be inducted into 2017 WWE Hall of Fame Chance The Rapper donates $1 million to Chicago Public Schools Ruby Rose: My relationship with Jess Origliasso is 'amazing' Letters Cartoon Columns Blogs Editorial 11 hours ago Tiny Township staff salaries too high TINY TOWNSHIP— Tiny Township council filling pockets of staff instead of... Pay attention VIEW MORE OPINION Canada 150 Environment Family Food GoodLife Magazine Home and Garden Millennial Mission Money Matters Obituaries Pets and Animals Wellness uReport 12 hours ago Ontario has thousands of summer jobs in natural resources management Are you a high school or post-secondary student who wants to get paid to... Latest Community SEE MORE Students fundraise for Oro-Medonte park to honour teacher's daughter A fifth-grade girl has convinced Tesla to do something new Batman helps Barrie boy celebrate final cancer treatment Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 75% off Crossfit Classes discount: 75% | value: $154.00 | You Save: $115.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Legal Matters: Ex won’t give up holidays with the children Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Deals Coupons Flyers Business Directory Save.ca Home Improvement Resource Centre 75% off Crossfit Classes discount: 75% | value: $154.00 | You Save: $115.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Life hack: Turn everyday items into custom organization solutions Home News Crime Owen Sound Police arrest man after he walks out of... | Mar 05, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Owen Sound Police arrest man after he walks out of store without paying for 60-inch TV Handcuffs next play/pause pre Meaford Express Owen Sound Police have arrested a Brampton area man after he walked out of a Wal-Mart with a 60-inch TV he did not pay for on March 4. Related Stories CN Train derails in Pefferlaw, 15... Just before 2 p.m., a lone male left a Wal-Mart store with a 60-inch television in his shopping cart. Staff became suspicious and discovered he had not paid for the television, which had a retail value of $1,200. Employees were able to obtain a description of the man along with his vehicle and licence plate number. The crime was then reported to the Owen Sound Police. When police arrived the man and his vehicle could not be located so the search was broadened. Police say an officer checking motels on the eastside of the city observed the vehicle in the parking lot and the suspect moving the large TV into one of the motel units.  The 42-year-old male originally from the Brampton area was arrested without incident.  He will now have to appear in the Owen Sound Court of Justice on April 13 to answer to the charges of theft under $5,000 and possession of stolen property. A 36-year-old female who was found in the company of the accused lied to police with regards to her identity, resulting in her arrest for obstructing police and for failing to comply with conditions of her recognizance as well as conditions of her probation order.  The woman was held in custody for a bail hearing Sunday morning.   | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News Sports Canadians thrill crowds at ski cross world cup at Blue Mountain Snapshot Crime Police convince owner to tear down Innisfil ‘crack house’ Snapshot Council Barrie councillors spent thousands on ads, conferences in 2016 Snapshot News Students fundraise for Oro-Medonte park to honour teacher's daughter Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Photo Gallery Totten-hug News Georgian College kicks of 50th anniversary celebration in Barrie Ontario Friends of the Utopia Gristmill awarded Ontario150 grant Photo Gallery Midland's King Street redesign plans revealed The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Convicted Huronia West OPP officer says house arrest too strict Police convince owner to tear down Innisfil ‘crack house’ Midland butter tart festival organizer calls out Rick Mercer Collingwood councillor raises concerns about water operation talks Low-income residents in Simcoe County seek relief from shock of energy bills In Your Neighbourhood Today 7 creative ways to add colour to your kitchen We spend so much time in our kitchens and with that, sometimes we can get bored of their... Legal Matters: Should you stay together for the kids? Question: My wife and I are always fighting and we can see that it is hurting the kids. We know... How to add romance to your bedroom decor February is already here, and as some would say, it’s the month of love. Valentine’s Day is a day... Don’t forget about these 2 winter tasks! Winter is here. It’s cold and icy, snowy and windy, which may have reminded you of some winter... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... How to find the right size bed for your bedroom A question a lot of people have when they are redesigning their bedroom or wanting to purchase a... Legal Matters: Proving you’re legally divorced before remarrying Question: I am engaged to be married, but I was told I require a special legal letter because... Be careful when giving décor as a gift Beauty, as they say, is in the eye of the beholder. While this may be an old adage, that doesn’t... Open your mind and floor space with multi-purpose furniture So, you’ve moved into a rather small, but cute apartment and you want to make it feel like home.... Legal Matters: When can you stop paying child support? Question: My wife and I separated 8 years ago, and now our youngest is 20 years of age. When... Latest Sam Mizrahi building replaces Hakim Optical with architectural marvel When it comes to neighbourhoods imbued with the mercurial ability to reinvent and reimagine... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... Put your home's comfort level to the test with an online audit You've probably heard the term "home energy audit" many times, but what exactly does it mean? If... Bedroom designs that are trending in 2017 When moving into a rental unit you might feel limited in terms of what you can do to your bedroom... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Canadians don't have a saving problem – they have a fee problem, pt. 1 Bold statement, Nest Wealth. Ya. It is. Let's talk about it. It can feel like everywhere you... The mistakes people make when hiring home renovation contractors We are in the thick of winter here in the GTA but it won’t be too long before we are back into the... Be chair aware when designing your apartment living space So, you're looking to make the best use of space in your rental apartment unit and also create a... Creating unique spaces in a studio apartment without creating big expenses Small living spaces do not mean you can't create multiple rooms that exist on their own. You can... Back-friendly snow removal Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow …but if you don’t shovel safely, oh no, oh no, oh no!... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal 69% off Domino's Pizza $9 View Deal Up to 53% off Steakhouse Dining $19 View Deal 50% off Authentic Indian Food $15 View Deal 61% off Tattoo or Micro-Pigmentation $39 View Deal 60% off a Video to DVD Transfer $10 View Deal 75% off a Teeth Cleaning $99 View Deal Up to 78% off Skin Care Treatments $39 View Deal View All Deals MORE CRIME New Tecumseth warns salespeople suggesting they work for the town Alectra Utilities warns Simcoe County customers of disconnection scam Barrie burglary suspect caught red-handed after he cuts his hand Provincial parole squad arrests wanted man at Orillia motel Police convince owner to tear down Innisfil ‘crack house’ PreviousNext Two chimney fires and a garage fire make for a busy weekend in Adjala-Tosorontio Police convince owner to tear down Innisfil ‘crack house’ Simcoe Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Carrier Routes Available Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Content Removal Policy Corporate Sales Mobile Newsletter Signup Order a Photo Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Subscribe Work For Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com CaledonEnterprise.com DurhamRegion.com MuskokaRegion.com MyKawartha.com NorthBayNipissing.com Orangeville.com ParrySound.com SouthwesternOntario.ca YorkRegion.com Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home Business Buzz Dining Health Obits Weather Sports Regional/Jobs Bartow Gordon Polk Floyd Jobs WRGA Local Links Education Outdoors Crime About Advertising on Hometown Headlines: Websites, emails, social media, radio and text alerts. Contact Us From fireman boot drive to the Adult Prom coming May 13, the Rome-Floyd community is coming together to battle Alzheimer’s Disease Posted on March 5, 2017 by hometownheadlines • 0 Comments     Rome-Floyd Fire Division Chief Brad Roberson, his son Thomas and Fireman Keith Sheffield collect money for the Alzheimer’s Association at Walmart on Saturday. (Hometown photo) By Natalie Simms nsimmshh@att.net Members of the Rome-Floyd Fire Department stood outside the East Rome Walmart for 12 hours on Saturday to raise money and draw awareness to a cause that is near and dear to many of their hearts. Over the last several years, Alzheimer’s Disease has impacted several families within the Fire Department. So when Division Chief Brad Roberson was asked to help raise funds for the Alzheimer’s Association by serving on the Prom Court for the upcoming “A Night to Remember: An Adult Prom”, he jumped at the chance to help. “As firefighters, we are community helpers,” says Roberson. “Alzheimer’s is a terrible disease. Over the past couple of years, it has hit our Fire Department family hard. So, when I was asked, I thought I’d see what we could do to help.” As a member of the Prom Court, Roberson’s goal is to raise a minimum of $1,000, but that just wasn’t enough for him. He put together a team of firefighter volunteers to help him reach a goal of $10,000. Prior to Saturday’s boot drive at Walmart, Roberson’s team had raised nearly $8,700. The firefighters will be back at Walmart next Saturday, March 11 from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. in hopes of reaching their goal. “We have really reached out to the community and businesses. A lot of people have a story to tell about Alzheimer’s…no one is exempt. It has really inspired me to do what I’m doing,” he says. Roberson is joined by 2017 Prom Court by Misty Traylor– Director of Case Management at Redmond Regional Medical Center, Terri Ainsworth – Assistant Vice President of Greater Community Bank, Arion Bass – Owner of AMB Real Estate Holdings, Jill Salter – Attorney with Fuller, McKay & Salter, Greg Jackson – Apex Direct Care, Craig McDaniel – Realtor with Toles, Temple & Wright and Jackson Abercrombie, Professional Screening & Information, Inc. The Prom Court competes to raise funds with the top male and female becoming Prom King and Queen at the upcoming adult prom on May 13, 2017 at the Forrest Place Ballroom. For fellow Prom Court member Terri Ainsworth, Alzheimer’s is something her family has personally dealt following the death of her grandmother to the disease. “My grandmother had dementia and died from it…I’m one of the ones that she forgot,” she says. “It was extremely difficult because I would go see her and she never remembered who I was. It upset her that she couldn’t remember and so my mother asked me not to visit again. It is a sad disease because that person is very much alive, but they can’t remember, but they try to.” Ainsworth says she has raised over $6,000 for the benefit through various community and business donations. She says support for the event has been “unbelievable.” If you’re interested in the event: General admission to the event starts at 8 p.m. The evening will include a red carpet reception, open beer & wine bar, dancing and surprises. Once the event ends at 11 p.m., an after-party will be held at the Brewhouse with complimentary admission for all attendees. Tickets go on sale March 15 through an online link on the Facebook page. There will be a pre-sale event on March 11 from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the Brewhouse. General admission tickets will be available for $50.00 for individuals. All funds raised will support our community and fund programs, research and advocacy through the Alzheimer’s Association. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Related Filed Under: Bartow, Buzz, Gordon, Polk ← Viking Fusion asks three Berry communication professors: How do you sort news from ‘fake news’? Remembering Larry Gene Bradshaw. → Sorry, comments are closed for this post. Search Ware Mechanical Forecast Currently 68° Mostly Cloudy Tomorrow is forecast to be Much Cooler than today. Cloudy, periods of rain. Monday 03/06 20% High 74° / Low 53° Partly Cloudy Partly cloudy. Lows overnight in the low 50s. Tuesday 03/07 100% High 66° / Low 42° Rain Rain likely. Thunder possible. High 66F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Wednesday 03/08 10% High 71° / Low 36° Clear Sunny. High 71F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Copyright © 2017 Hometown Headlines View Full Site
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Crocs, Inc. (CROX) to Strong Sell Orbital ATK, Inc. (OA) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Ferro Co. (FOE) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Allscripts Healthcare Solutions Inc (MDRX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts GlycoMimetics Inc (GLYC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Receives $14.75 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages PennyMac Financial Services Inc (PFSI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Hudbay Minerals Inc (hbm) to Issue Semiannual Dividend of $0.01 on March 31st Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th ITV plc (ITV) Receives Buy Rating from Shore Capital International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Given Under Review Rating at Shore Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers Spartan Motors Inc (SPAR) to Hold Horizon Investments LLC Sells 172 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Horizon Investments LLC decreased its position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 1.6% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 10,337 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 172 shares during the period. Horizon Investments LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $714,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also bought and sold shares of WMT. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. purchased a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at approximately $104,000. BKS Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at approximately $110,000. Piershale Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares in the last quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 27.2% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,643 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 351 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Crow Point Partners LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at approximately $127,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 70.03 on Friday. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 1-year low of $62.72 and a 1-year high of $75.19. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $68.43 and its 200-day moving average price is $70.04. The company has a market capitalization of $214.64 billion, a PE ratio of 15.99 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $130.22 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.49 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, December 8th will be paid a $0.51 dividend. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.91%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 43.48%. “Horizon Investments LLC Sells 172 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT)” was originally published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/05/horizon-investments-llc-sells-172-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. WMT has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and issued a $82.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Sunday, November 13th. Vetr downgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $69.26 target price on the stock. in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $73.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, November 18th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets restated an “underperform” rating and issued a $72.80 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Saturday, November 19th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $74.60. In related news, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $476,044,833.20. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total value of $2,210,152.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 245,328 shares in the company, valued at $16,760,808.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 12,617,391 shares of company stock worth $900,745,763 over the last ninety days. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Fifth Third Bancorp Has $126,000 Position in Harman International Industries, Incorporated (HAR) Next » Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Acquires 737 Shares of Hudson Pacific Properties Inc (HPP) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
null
CLOSE Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory E-Edition Weather Subscribe Contact Us Free Time Local Directory Magazines Buy Photos Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory On the Record Police, Fire – March 4 By Staff Reports - 3/4/17 1:08 AM Franklin Greenwood Thefts Budget Truck Rental, 794 U.S. 31 North: Police responded at 9:42 a.m. Thursday to a theft report. Walmart, 1133 N. Emerson Avenue: Police responded at 12:24 p.m. Thursday to a report of theft. 1100 block of Bexley Drive: Police responded at 4:35 p.m. Thursday to a report of theft. Counterfeiting Rally’s, 839 U.S. 31 North: Police responded at 10:25 p.m. Thursday to a report of counterfeiting. Criminal mischief 1200 block of Stonehedge Drive E.: Police responded at 12:45 p.m. Thursday to a report of criminal mischief. Shoplifting Walmart, 1133 N. Emerson Avenue: A loss prevention officer reported at 2:28 p.m. Thursday that a man attempted to switch the tags on two types of pillows. He was issued a summons to appear in court. Personal-injury accident 4:20 a.m. Wednesday — State Road 135S., and Smokey Row Road. Justin Akridge, 18, Greenwood and Jack McMahon, 59, Franklin. McMahon reported fracture/dislocated knee/foot. Akridge reported full body pain. Property-damage accidents 7:08 p.m. Tuesday — Main Street and Love Avenue. 6 p.m. Tuesday — County Line Road and Emerson Avenue. 5:14 p.m. Tuesday — State Road 135S., and Demaree Road. 4:45 p.m. Tuesday — State Road 135N., and Santa Maria Drive. 10:40 a.m. Thursday — State Road 135N., and Eau Claire Drive. 10 a.m. Tuesday — Madison Avenue and Main Street. Johnson County Battery 2000 block of Horizon Boulevard, Greenwood: A woman reported at 10:22 p.m. Thursday that a relative hit her. Whiteland Fire 2900 Underwood Court: Firefighters responded at 10:19 a.m. to a report of a fire in an electrical outlet that burned several chairs in a garage. Jail bookings The following people recently were arrested and booked into the Johnson County jail: Ariel Michelle McFarland, 27, 8103 N. Burbrink Drive, Columbus; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; released on $300 bond. Kevin Ray Gray, 32, 740 E. Sumner Ave., Indianapolis; arrested on a charge of bond forfeiture and a warrant for failure to appear in court; held without bond. Carter Lee Dickerson Jr., 44, 320 E. Old Plank Road, Bargersville; arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle as a habitual offender; held without bond. Sabyl Louise Smith, 29, 461 E. Fruitdale Road, Morgantown; arrested on warrants for failure to appear in court; held on $3,000 bond. Sherman Harold Parks Jr., 27, 25 E. LeGrande Ave., Indianapolis; arrested on a charge of possession of cocaine/narcotics/methephetamine; held on $2,400 bond. Richard K. Struchen, 62, 103 S. Holland St., Edinburgh; arrested on a charge of invasion of privacy; held on $1,000 bond. Angela Marie Martinez, 37, 2361 Ralston Ave., Indianapolis; arrested on warrants for failure to appear in court; held on $750 bond. Sarah Kay Miller, 30, 1749 Nantucket Drive, Cicero; arrested on a charge of probation revocation; held without bond. Amber Rebecca Wentworth, 25, homeless; arrested on a charge of probation revocation; held on $500 bond. Matthew C. Bauman, 33, 1254 Stonehedge E. Drive, Apt. E, Greenwood; arrested on a charge of possession of child pornography; held on $16,500 bond. Ian Blaise Martini, 20, 4304 Teakwood Lane, Greenwood; arrested on warrants for failure to appear in court; held on $1,500 bond. Timothy Alan Deaton, 35, 2069 Horizon Blvd., Greenwood; arrested on a charge of domestic battery; held on $2,000 bond. Kameko D. Fowler, 39, 47 Mooreland Drive, New Whiteland; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; released on $500 bond. Sarah M. Philpott, 32, 224 Home Ave., Greenwood; arrested on charges of possession of methamphetamine, possession of paraphernalia and possession of marijuana/hashish; held on $3,200 bond. The following people recently were arrested on charges of driving while intoxicated and booked into jail: Christopher A. Derossett, 33, 2227 Village Crossing Drive W., Apt. E, Greenwood; held on $1,000 bond. James Bruce Reagan, 53, 1200 N. Lakeview Circle, Apt. D, Franklin; also arrested on a charge of resisting an officer; held on $2,000 bond. STAY CONNECTED 11,883FansLike 3,643FollowersFollow ABOUT USNobody covers Johnson county and the surrounding areas like Daily Journal. Contact us: editorial@dailyjournal.net FOLLOW US © 2017 Daily Journal unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Part of the AIM Media network
Tuesday, March 7th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: Watch live Tuesday the Meat 16 Burger Champi... Sticky: Getting Your Lenten Fish Fix | Where To Go Do you want to weigh in on Youngstown amphit... 10:55 p.m. Mon Ex-cop wins Lordstown-built Chevy Cruze at C... 10:55 p.m. Mon Brookfield residents against 2 proposed inje... 10:55 p.m. Mon White House denounces North Korea missile tests 10:48 p.m. Mon Pennsylvania auditor general says legal pot ... 10:09 p.m. Mon all posts   Browse | Submit a Resume | Post a Job - Advertisement -   « News Home Police activity in Canfield and Austintown | Print Tweet Published: Fri, March 3, 2017 @ 7:43 p.m. A summary of police activity in Canfield and Austintown: CANFIELD Feb. 21 Theft: Police arrested Brandon Ferrier, 20, of Stoneybrook Lane, on a charge of theft after a report to police he made unauthorized credit card charges at a home in the 600 block of Herbert Road. Business fraud: Police again arrested Ferrier on a second charge of theft after a report of potential fraud related to business accounts on Herbert Road. AUSTINTOWN Feb. 20 Theft: Police issued a summons to Shana Starks, 32, of Lake Drive, Youngstown, on a theft charge. Police accuse her of taking $600 in merchandise from JCPenney, 6000 Mahoning Ave. She was turned over to Trumbull County Sheriff’s Office on a warrant for a larceny charge in Liberty. Theft: A man fled with clothing from JCPenney. Weapons offense: A vehicle was damaged from gunfire at Bill’s Place, 4771 Mahoning Ave. Arrest: Police arrested Peter Harasyn, 37,of Forest Hill Drive on a charge of domestic violence. Feb. 21 Theft: A theft occurred at Walmart, 6001 Mahoning Ave. Felonious assault: A brick was thrown at a person and vehicle at Get Go, 5163 Mahoning Ave. Recovered property: Suspected narcotics were recovered at Briarfield Manor, 461 S. Canfield-Niles Road. Passing bad checks: A $1,000 check was passed at Emilio’s Drive Thru, 1255 S. Raccoon Road. Theft: Police arrested Karrie Kascack, 28, of Sugar Pine Drive, Warren, for a theft at Walmart. Feb. 22 Theft: Police arrested Brittany Turner, 29, of East Florida Avenue, Youngstown, on a theft charge. Police accuse her of taking $40.61 in merchandise from Walmart. Recovered stolen property: A stolen mini bike was towed from Ferdinand and South Meridian roads. Burglary: A television was taken from an apartment where a door was left unlocked in the 30 block of South Main Street. Feb. 23 Auto theft: A 2003 Jaguar was stolen from a home in the 5000 block of South Saratoga Avenue. Warrant: Police arrested Alexander Barber, 26, of West Boulevard, Boardman, on a warrant for domestic violence. Theft: Police issued a summons to Nina Valorie, 25, of North Whitney Avenue, Youngstown, on a theft charge. Police accuse her of taking $131.29 in merchandise from Walmart. Warrant: Police arrested Phillisa Patton, 27, of West Indianola Avenue, Youngstown, on a warrant for possession of cocaine and drug paraphernalia. Disturbance: A male claimed to have been assaulted at a home in the 6000 block of Ruby Court. Feb. 24 Breaking and entering: A fenced-in area was entered and tires and rims stolen off a Ford F-150 pickup truck at Bud Brothers,168 S. Meridian Road. Warrant: Police arrested Cassie Ramsey, 26, of South Roanoke Avenue, on a warrant for theft in excess of $3,600 in merchandise over a period of several weeks as an employee at Walmart. Identity theft: An account was opened fraudulently involving a person who lives at a home in the 10 block of Kleber Avenue. Drug offense: Police issued a summons to Roscoe Burkes, 47, of New Road on a charge of possession of marijuana. Drug offense: Police issued a summons to Matthew Whittenberger, 18, of Lake Wobegon Drive, Canfield, on a charge of possession of marijuana. Feb. 25 Criminal damaging: Four car tires were flattened at Austintown Fitch High School, 4560 Falcon Drive. Theft: Police issued a summons to Brendan O’Rourke, 26, of Berkshire Drive, Youngstown, on a theft charge. Police accuse him of taking $7.68 in food from Sheetz, 5499 Mahoning Ave. Burglary: Cash and a credit card were taken from a car parked in a garage at a home in the 3000 block of 42nd Street. Both the car and garage were unlocked. Disturbance: A victim reported being assaulted by a bartender at Magilla’s, 255 S. Four Mile Run Road. Theft: A front license plate was stolen from a vehicle parked at a home in the 100 block of North Main Street. Theft: Police issued a summons Barbara Miller, 36, of Athens Drive, Warren, on a theft charge. Police accuse her of taking $29.78 in merchandise from Walmart. Feb. 26 Theft: A bike was stolen from New Leaf, 4498 Warwick South. Drug offense: Police issued a summons to Michael Crytzer, 18, of Eigen Street on a charge of possession of marijuana. Other stories of interest Man flees cops, runs into door, gun falls out Woman who called 911 ends up behind bars Suspect in shooting, robbery, arraigned Woman sought in downtown bank robbery Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
null
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
More Stations By Location Arizona California Connecticut Florida Georgia Illinois Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Missouri Nevada New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Texas Washington Washington, D.C. SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTERS Sponsored By FacebookTwitterTuneIn Home Blogs Nathan Sybil Tanner Playlist Contests Photos Events Video Car Parks Itself on Top of a Classic 1957 Corvette March 5, 2017 11:01 AM Filed Under: 1957 Corvette, Car, crushed, Florida, Parking, WalMart (Photo by Al Paloczy/The Enthusiast Network/Getty Images) Only in Florida does something like this happen at a Wal-Mart. An elderly woman in a Ford Fusion accidentally hit the gas instead of the brake pedal, sending the car’s front passenger’s side wheel rolling right up the Corvette’s quarter panel and onto the hood in Englewood, Florida. The image and description are horrifying to Corvette enthusiasts everywhere. Jason Motz, the owner of the Corvette posted to Facebook live after the incident had already happened. Jason did in fact do what most of us wouldn’t, keep his composure. The crowd seemed to be more shocked than Motz. Luckily no body was hurt in the incident. The quarter panel and lower driver’s door are all crushed, as is the rocker panel, Motz says, “didn’t look near as bad as what I thought it would be.” Check out the video below, tell us what you think. Think you would be able to keep your cool if this happened to you? Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Listen Live Follow Us On FacebookTwitterTuneInSign Up for Newsletters More From AMP 1037 Play.It Radio.com App Follow Us FacebookTwitterTuneIn Shows Nathan Fast Sybil Summers Tanner Kloven Listen Live Smooth Jazz 103.7 HD2 Home Page Events Music Corporate CBS Radio Public File ©2017 CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP By viewing our video content, you are accepting the terms of our Video Services Policy Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Use EEO Reports Your California Privacy Policy Mobile User Agreement Listen Live Advertise On Our Streams
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Colorado Police search for woman accused of attacking, sickening employees at Colorado Walmart By FOX 31 Denver Published March 05, 2017 Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print  (Fountain Police Department) FOUNTAIN, Colo. –  The search for a woman who allegedly sprayed several Walmart employees with a mysterious chemical that made them sick. Police say the woman walked into a Walmart in Fountain around 10p.m. Friday and sprayed a store clerk six other employees with the chemical. Victims then experienced skin irritation and nausea. Several of those employees were hospitalized. Employees say the suspect also sprayed herself and an empty shopping cart. Related stories... Man shooting people with BB gun at Florida Walmart shot by officer, police say Sword-wielding felon threatens customers in parking lot of Florida Walmart Shopper with gun kills suspected diaper thief at Florida Walmart The suspect is described as 40-to-50-years old, up to five-feet seven-inches tall, with light brown to blond hair. Read more at KDVR.com. Advertisement Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Home Menu Search Facebook Twitter RSS Currently 54.0 °F Tuesday March 7th, 2017 4:22AM Posted 7:32AM on Sunday 5th March 2017 ( 1 day ago ) Pedestrian seriously injured after being struck in Banks Crossing parking lot share tweet +1 By Rob Moore Reporter   Contact Editor An elderly woman remains hospitalized with serious injuries after being struck by a vehicle as she left the Walmart store at Banks Crossing Saturday morning. The 78-year-old woman, whose name has not been released as of Sunday morning pending notification of family, is in intensive care at Piedmont Athens Regional Medical Center with what the investigating trooper termed severe trauma to the back of her head. A 74-year-old man, whose name has not been released pending the continuing investigation, was driving his vehicle through the parking lot of the store at 10:11 a.m. Saturday, according to Georgia State Patrol Post 6 in Gainesville. The female pedestrian was walking out the front door of Walmart through the crosswalk toward her vehicle. When the male driver attempted to turn left from one row to another, the vehicle struck the pedestrian in the left hip with its front left bumper. She fell, striking her head on the pavement. The driver told the investigating trooper he never saw the woman. The man's vehicle was traveling at low speed at the time of the incident, said Trooper 1st Class David Kraeling. No citations have been issued. Rob Moore Reporter More Articles From Rob » Associated Categories: Homepage, Local/State News © Copyright 2017 AccessWDUN.com All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without permission. Privacy | User Agreement | Contact | Advertise With Us 2017 © Jacobs Media Corporation. All rights reserved. EEO Report. Website by Full Media Login / My Access close Home Listen Live News + Local & State National International Business Entertainment Health Food Inspections Obituaries Politics + 2016 Voter's Guide Sports + Friday Game Night High School Sports Around The Track College Sports Professional Sports Weather WDUN Show Clips Staff Blogs Classifieds Biz Directory Calendar About Us + Contact Us Advertise with Us Follow us on social media My Access Search Join Us Online Facebook Twitter
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Tuesday, March 07, 2017, 3:22 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Harps unit bets on savings seekers Cost-plus concept offers low prices, then 10% is tacked on By Robbie Neiswanger This article was published March 5, 2017 at 1:55 a.m. PHOTO BY J.T. WAMPLER Donna Cunningham shops at 10 Box Cost-Plus in Springdale, where the shoppers also are the baggers. Comments aAFont Size Angelina Barrientos bags her groceries at 10 Box Cost-Plus in Springdale. Customers browse the produce section at the 10 Box Cost-Plus in Springdale. A yellow and black sign hanging from the ceiling of Springdale's newest grocery store explains one of its cost-saving tactics: "We have the smartest sackers -- you." Shoppers checking out with baskets of groceries Thursday didn't seem to mind the responsibility at the 10 Box Cost-Plus store. While cashiers scanned items, customers collected their purchases, packed them in plastic bags and placed them back in the shopping carts. Harps Food Stores Inc. hopes the trade-off -- a little work for lower prices -- is a success as it tests a new store format, replacing an underperforming Price Cutter with a cost-plus concept. The Springdale store is the company's third 10 Box that has opened in the state over the past year, promising customers savings by selling items at cost and adding 10 percent to the bill at checkout. "For us, in the locations we're at, we identified some stores that we'd like to try to figure out if there's a way to gain market share and get some additional sales," said David Ganoung, the director of marketing at Harps. "At this point, we're still evaluating our operations and trying to figure out. We're still learning as far as our execution." The cost-plus idea is not new in the crowded and competitive grocery industry, which includes major players like Wal-Mart and Kroger, discounters like Aldi and locally owned stores. Cost-plus operators try to set themselves apart by selling items at their cost, which 10 Box explains in its stores as the total expense it takes to buy a product, get it from the warehouse or supplier and to the shelf. The store then adds a 10 percent charge at checkout to cover its operating costs. Harps opened its first 10 Box store in Conway nearly a year ago. The second opened in Russellville earlier this year. Ganoung said it was "time to look at a change" in Springdale because the Price Cutter was underperforming. So the company shut the store down and spent three weeks remodeling and rebranding the store into a 10 Box. "I think in any community that you operate in, as the community grows and evolves, it shifts," Ganoung said. "Northwest Arkansas is growing so fast. So that location was just one that had dropped off and this was an opportunity for us to go in and do something different. ... So we threw it in there to see what it would do." The opening comes as nontraditional grocery store formats are gaining traction with consumers. Less than half of all shoppers consider traditional supermarkets as their primary channel for groceries, according to a 2016 survey from the Food Marketing Institute. While they remain the preferred choice among survey respondents, shoppers have reported increasingly frequent visits to other channels like limited assortment, discount and dollar stores. There has been an uptick in interest in the cost-plus format as well. Wholesale company Supervalu, which operates a cost-plus format program called Shoppers Value Foods, said last summer that there were 511 cost-plus stores in the U.S. The number was expected to grow to 700 by the end of 2017. "Since the average mark up in the supermarket industry is around 25%, this feels like a compelling proposition to the consumer and also one that's simple to understand," Neil Stern, a senior partner at Chicago-based retail consultant McMillan Doolittle, said in an email. "It's another way to pitch low-priced groceries, just like a discount chain like Aldi. "The proof, ultimately, to customers is whether they can deliver prices consistently lower than someone like Wal-Mart, who has considerably greater buying power, sophisticated logistics, etc." Clear messaging is another key and 10 Box wants shoppers to know "it's all about price," printing the phrase on the back of T-shirts worn by employees. Similar cost-saving messages greet customers down nearly every aisle of the Springdale store, plastered on yellow and black signs hanging from the ceiling: "Smile you just saved," "Work a little, save a lot" and "Honest Everyday Low Prices." The 10 percent at the register formula is also visible for customers to see throughout the store. Donna Cunningham made the trip Thursday morning from her home in Elkins to Springdale to shop at 10 Box. Cunningham said she regularly shops at multiple stores in search of the best deals. "It's nice to have a store that the prices are really affordable," said Cunningham, who cooks for her family -- including nine grandchildren -- each Sunday. "Groceries are expensive. If you're feeding a family and not getting any kind of assistance, your dollar better go as far as it's going to go." The 10 Box has no shortage of competition for customers like Cunningham in Springdale with an Aldi, Wal-Mart Supercenter and Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market all in close proximity. There's even competition for customers within the company, too, with two Harps Food Stores nearby. Ganoung said there was some nervousness about the new cost-plus store opening close to its traditional format, but he believes each will attract different types of shoppers. While 10 Box has core grocery items, it doesn't contain full-service deli and bakery sections like Harps stores. Ganoung said the company has made efforts to eliminate confusion among customers as well, which is why Harps hasn't marketed 10 Box under its banner in commercials that have aired locally and on its website. He described the cost-plus concept as "a new way of operating for us" and the results have been good so far. "You want to try to sell as many groceries as you can," Ganoung said. SundayMonday Business on 03/05/2017 Print Headline: Harps unit bets on savings seekers Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Bankers warn of robots' effects on jobs Bankruptcy watch Business news in brief Accrued data driving force, truckers say Harps unit bets on savings seekers Chains try to adapt; investors spooked Forest, poultry, rice pros inducted to hall Starbucks brews up first Italian venture Pot lights create ham-radio buzz More Business stories > Comments on: Harps unit bets on savings seekers To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump Tower wiretap claim to get inquiry (52 comments) Congressman apologizes for crude joke about Kellyanne Conway (21 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: Fate of the presidency (32 comments) Proven ain't half of it (11 comments) Pizza restaurant in west Little Rock shopping center robbed by 2 gunmen, police say (11 comments) White House demands investigation into whether Obama abused executive powers (19 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Crocs, Inc. (CROX) to Strong Sell Orbital ATK, Inc. (OA) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Ferro Co. (FOE) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Allscripts Healthcare Solutions Inc (MDRX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts GlycoMimetics Inc (GLYC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Receives $14.75 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages PennyMac Financial Services Inc (PFSI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Hudbay Minerals Inc (hbm) to Issue Semiannual Dividend of $0.01 on March 31st Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Traders Buy Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) on Weakness on Insider Selling Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Investors purchased shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) on weakness during trading hours on Friday after an insider sold shares in the company. $168.37 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $79.18 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $89.19 million into the stock. Of all equities tracked, Wal-Mart Stores had the 11th highest net in-flow for the day. Wal-Mart Stores traded down ($0.73) for the day and closed at $70.03Specifically, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the sale, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at $476,044,833.20. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 4,375,337 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.79, for a total value of $314,105,443.23. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at approximately $754,306,647.33. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 12,617,391 shares of company stock worth $900,745,763. Corporate insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. A number of brokerages recently commented on WMT. Vetr lowered Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $73.85 target price on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. TheStreet upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. J P Morgan Chase & Co set a $68.00 price objective on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Instinet restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $81.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada upped their price objective on Wal-Mart Stores from $66.00 to $67.00 and gave the stock an “underperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $74.60. The stock has a market capitalization of $214.64 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.99 and a beta of 0.09. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $68.43 and its 200 day moving average price is $70.04. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company earned $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $1.49 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be issued a $0.51 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.91%. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 43.48%. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in WMT. Patriot Financial Group Insurance Agency LLC bought a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth $354,000. SNS Financial Group LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 88.4% in the fourth quarter. SNS Financial Group LLC now owns 7,026 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $486,000 after buying an additional 3,297 shares during the period. AE Wealth Management LLC bought a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth $634,000. Miles Capital Inc. bought a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth $220,000. Finally, Putnam Investments LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 13.5% in the fourth quarter. Putnam Investments LLC now owns 1,392,372 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $96,241,000 after buying an additional 165,857 shares during the period. 29.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. “Traders Buy Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) on Weakness on Insider Selling” was posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/05/traders-buy-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-on-weakness-on-insider-selling.html. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Analysts Offer Predictions for Black Diamond Group Ltd’s Q4 2016 Earnings (BDI) Next » Barnes & Noble, Inc. (BKS) Trading Down 0.6% on Disappointing Earnings Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Ask & Answer Rural Opinion Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Submit a Letter more Ask & Answer Most Popular Most Recent North Linn finally gets a close game, handles it well Iowa’s Medicaid insurers each post more than $100 million in losses in first year Four tenants signed for former Sears space at Coral Ridge Camanche ends Cascade’s season, 58-48, in Class 2A quarterfinals Kendu Petties found guilty of first-degree murder All-state girls' basketball: Honor leaves Xavier's Lexi Noonan 'in shock' Iowa Senate OKs trespass protections Camanche ends Cascade’s season, 58-48, in Class 2A quarterfinals Boys' state basketball tournament: Tuesday's capsules Unwanted items at Iowa universities find new lives around the globe Too many tax breaks? Iowa lawmakers must figure out what works and what's waste Video Photo Linn County Representative Ken Rizer speaks at the annual forum for state senators and representatives hosted by the League of Women Voters is hosting at the Mercy Medical Hallagan Center in Cedar Rapids on Saturday, February 18, 2017. Rizer’s comments about voter regulations and Planned Parenthood funding were frequently met with chants and boos. KC McGinnis / The Gazette signs and balloons remind shoppers of the sales tax holiday coming August 7th and 8th at Walmart in Ankeny Tuesday, Aug. 4, 2015. Staff Editorial More stories from Staff Mar 6, 2017 at 2:16 pm | Print View On a recent Friday, State Reps. Ken Rizer, R-Cedar Rapids, and Ashley Hinson, R-Marion, stood before a large room filled to capacity with constituents and others gathered for a legislative listening post. The crowd easily topped 200 people. Like so many legislative forums across Iowa in recent weeks, it was standing room only. And intense. Many came to express anger at moves made by the Republican legislative majority to curtail collective bargaining rights for public employees, provide just a 1.1 percent funding increase for public schools and approve a package of current-year budget cuts harming state university students and others. The questions were pointed. The audience was vocal in its displeasure. “We’re not Iowa nice anymore,” an audience member proclaimed. Behind the bluster, much of our current political turbulence reflects a tense tug of war over scarce resources and tight revenues. Republican legislators contend they sliced bargaining rights to save taxpayer money at the state and local level. They argue that the small, $40 million increase in state school aid was necessitated by limited revenues. A decline in expected tax collections forced lawmakers to cut the budget for universities, community colleges and other agencies. It can’t be helped, lawmakers insist. The money is not there. But why isn’t it? How much revenue, and to whom, have legislators given away in the form of tax cuts, credits and exemptions over the years? What kind of return has the state seen on those investments? The questions came up at the forum. They have been on our minds, as well. It is difficult to get a crystal clear picture of just how much these “tax expenditures,” as they are commonly called, are sapping the flow of state revenues, but the figures we do have are startling. CUTS, EXEMPTIONS AND CREDITS According to a Department of Revenue study of the Fiscal Year 2010 — the most recent comprehensive study available — 259 tax cuts, exemptions and credits previously passed by legislators added up to $12.1 billion in a single year. That’s an astounding number in a state where the entire state general fund budget is $7.2 billion. More recent studies of specific types of tax breaks and credits show their economic impact is steadily rising: • According to the Iowa Department of Revenue’s latest Tax Credits Contingent Liabilities Report issued in December, the revenue impact of more than three dozen tax credits will add up to $404.2 million during the current budget year ending in June. That’s up from $353.8 million last year. By Fiscal Year 2021, the report projects that cost to hit $437 million. • The largest among these is the Earned Income Tax Credit, which cuts taxes and provides refunds to low-income workers to encourage employment. Close behind is the $58.1 million the state delivered in credits for historic preservation projects and $56.8 million for research and development activities by Iowa companies. Rockwell Collins has been a major recipient of the credit, which not only offsets tax liability but delivers a taxpayer-funded check to its recipients. Still, in the big scheme of Statehouse tax cutting, this is just the tip of a very large iceberg. • In 2010, sales and use tax breaks alone added up to $3.9 billion. A new report by the department shows that in Fiscal year 2015, that number rose to $4.7 billion — an increase of 21 percent in five years and of 98 percent since 2005. Among the largest sales tax breaks is the exemption for food items, saving consumers $435.6 million at the grocery checkout in FY 2015. Exempting medical services saves $570.5 million. Numerous sales tax exemptions benefit farmers, including a $117.4 million break on the purchase of commercial fertilizer, a $53.4 million break on herbicides and other chemicals and a $311.4 million break on the purchase of feed. • And none of these very big tax break estimates include a package of commercial property tax reductions and credits approved on bipartisan votes in 2013. According to the non-partisan Legislative Services Agency, the cost of providing business tax credits, replacing lost local revenue and covering school funding that otherwise would have come from local property taxes now tops $300 million annually. MORE TAX BREAKS PROPOSED Many tax breaks serve a compelling public purpose. But the case for others would appear far less compelling, and lawmakers, for all their talk of comprehensive studies, have been done remarkably little to figure out what works and what’s waste. Their actions carving holes in the tax code have been expensive, but talk of reviewing those calls has been cheap. And the cuts keep coming. During the current legislative session, two-dozen bills creating tax breaks, cuts and exemptions have been filed. It’s unlikely many will become law, but it’s a good measure of the Legislature’s appetite. The hunger to hand out more breaks remains strong. Hinson sponsored HF 103, which would provide a sales tax exemption on sewer bills paid by paper recycling mills. Rep. Zach Nunn, R-Bondurant, sponsored HF 132, which would provide a sales tax break on supplies purchased by nonprofit blood centers. Rep. Jarad Klein, R-Keota, filed HF 177, removing sales tax from the purchase of European honey bees. Reps. Dawn Pettengill, R-Mount Auburn, and Rob Taylor, R-West Des Moines, co-sponsored HF187, which exempts limousine service from sales tax. A bipartisan group of 14 House members back HF 374, exempting sanitary hygiene products from sales taxes. Rep. Tedd Gassman, R-Scarville, filed HF 300, giving an income tax credit to married couples who complete premarital counseling. Sen. Brad Zaun, R-Urbandale, sponsored SF 34, phasing out state income tax on all retirement income over five years. In year five, the break would top $340 million annually. Zaun also wants to phase out the state inheritance tax over nine years, SF 82, a $196 million cut by 2029. CLEANING HOUSE Rizer and Hinson both have conceded that our state’s lengthy list of tax breaks deserves a comprehensive review. “I believe there are tax credits that are given out that are not doing what they’re intended to do,” Hinson, vice chair of the House Appropriations Committee, said at that recent listening post. “I do support that close and in-depth analysis of our tax credit program because I don’t think we should be giving out tax credits piecemeal across the state.” But if either of those lawmakers — or any other — have drafted a bill that would roll back breaks with unproven value, or calling for a true comprehensive review of tax giveaways, we haven’t seen it. If Iowa’s system of tax cuts, credits and breaks is allowed to keep growing, we could soon see the state giving away $2 in potential tax revenue for every $1 it collects. And if state revenue growth evaporates before it can be used to meet state obligations — including K-12 education, state universities, public safety functions, our court system, mental health treatment and other priorities — it’s misleading to call Iowa’s budget challenges a spending problem. Nor will it work to try to solve those challenges simply by cutting budgets. Of course Iowans expect and deserve state departments and services to be run efficiently, but the blame also lies with politicians who too rarely said no to requests for tax breaks from interest groups. They add up. And now the sum of all those cuts and nibbles is taking a bite out of Iowa’s future. It’s long past time for lawmakers to stop paying lip service to the idea of cleaning up the tax and to roll up their sleeves. If a credit, break or exemption doesn’t clearly contribute to the common good, then it should go. Lawmakers should approve no new tax reductions until they’re able to show Iowans the value of the tax measures they’ve already approved. Lawmakers who strenuously and correctly insist all new programs and state regulations should be fully assessed for their economic impact and taxpayer value should apply the exact same logic to tax expenditures. Lawmakers who are eager to reform the state’s tax structure, with hopes of flatter and even lower taxes, must start by assessing the patchwork of favors already handed out by legislators who came before them. Seeking to simply superimpose more breaks and favors on top of the existing hodgepodge would be public policy malpractice. In the past, commissions, committees and panels have been assigned to look at tax credits and exemptions. But they only have scratched the surface. What we need now is a long, hard look at exactly what benefits Iowans are buying for more than $12 billion. Iowans deserve such a review, which places the state’s future needs above the present pull of partisan politics. They’re expecting more than apologies for the next round of harmful budget cuts, excuses for why their community priorities still are short of cash and vague promises to clean house ... someday. • Comments: (319) 398-8469; editorial@thegazette.com BY THE NUMBERS 2013 Property Tax Reform Act (FY 2017) Business Property Tax Credit: $125 million Property Tax Backfill to Local Governments: $152.2 million Additional state school aid to replace local property taxes: $25.1 million Total state general fund budget impact: $302.3 million Source: Legislative Services Agency Top 10 Iowa Income Tax Credits (FY 2017) $70.9 million — Earned Income Tax Credit: A refundable tax credit for low- and moderate-income workers intended to encourage employment. Size of the credit depends on income. $58.1 million — Historic Preservation/Cultural and Entertainment District: This tax credit, administered by EDA and the Iowa Department of Cultural Affairs, provides a 25 percent tax credit for qualified expenditures made in the rehabilitation of eligible historic properties. $56.8 million — Research Activities Tax Credit: This credit is available to taxpayers who increase research activities in Iowa. The Iowa research tax credit relies on the federal definition of qualified research expenditures. $42.5 million — Iowa Industrial New Job Training Program; This program, administered by Iowa’s Community Colleges, assists businesses that are creating new positions with new employee training. Participating companies divert withholding taxes that would be remitted to the Department of Revenue to a community college to pay for training for company employees. $37.6 million — High Quality Jobs Program: This program, administered by Economic Development Authority, provides tax benefits to eligible companies that create high-paying jobs and make capital investments. $23.1 million — Enterprise Zone Credit and Housing Component: This program, administered by Economic Development Authority, encourages investment in Iowa’s economically distressed areas by providing local and state tax credits, refunds and exemptions to qualifying companies that expand or locate in designated Enterprise Zones. $17.8 million — Biodiesel Blended Fuel: This per gallon credit is available to retail dealers who sell biodiesel blended fuel. $15.2 million — Tuition and Textbook: This credit is available to individual taxpayers who have one or more dependents attending grades K-12 in an Iowa school. The credit percentage is 25 percent of the first $1,000 paid for each dependent for tuition and textbooks. $11.3 million — School Tuition Organization: This credit, administered by Iowa Department of Revenue, is for 65 percent of the amount of a voluntary cash contribution made by a taxpayer to a school tuition organization $9 million — Renewable Energy: This credit is available to a producer or purchaser of energy from a renewable energy facility approved as eligible by the Iowa Utilities Board. Source: Iowa Department of Revenue Examples of Sales and Use Tax Exemptions (FY 2015) $320.7 million — Transportation Services and Delivery Charges $117.4 million — Commercial Fertilizer and Lime $435.6 million — Food for Human Consumption $465.8 million — Construction Services $570.5 million — Medical Services $137 million — Packaging containers and supplies sold to retailers and manufacturers $311.4 million — Agricultural Feed $53.4 million — Ag chemicals, herbicides, pesticides $3.6 million — Annual Sales tax Holiday $35.5 million — Electricity and equipment for Data Centers $10.5 million — Fuel used in grain drying $19.9 million — Lottery tickets $7.9 million — Massage Therapy $6.9 million — Newspapers Source: Iowa Department of Revenue Top 10 Iowa Income Tax Credits $70.9 million — Earned Income Tax Credit: A refundable tax credit for low- and moderate-income workers intended to encourage employment. Size of the credit depends on income. $58.1 million — Historic Preservation/Cultural and Entertainment District: This tax credit, administered by EDA and the Iowa Department of Cultural Affairs, provides a 25 percent tax credit for qualified expenditures made in the rehabilitation of eligible historic properties. $56.8 million — Research Activities Tax Credit: This credit is available to taxpayers who increase research activities in Iowa. The Iowa research tax credit relies on the federal definition of qualified research expenditures. $42.5 million — Iowa Industrial New Job Training Program; This program, administered by Iowa’s Community Colleges, assists businesses that are creating new positions with new employee training. Participating companies divert withholding taxes that would be remitted to the Department of Revenue to a community college to pay for training for company employees. $37.6 million — High Quality Jobs Program: This program, administered by Economic Development Authority, provides tax benefits to eligible companies that create high-paying jobs and make capital investments. $23.1 million — Enterprise Zone Credit and Housing Component: This program, administered by Economic Development Authority, encourages investment in Iowa’s economically distressed areas by providing local and state tax credits, refunds and exemptions to qualifying companies that expand or locate in designated Enterprise Zones. $17.8 million — Biodiesel Blended Fuel: This per gallon credit is available to retail dealers who sell biodiesel blended fuel. $15.2 million — Tuition and Textbook: This credit is available to individual taxpayers who have one or more dependents attending grades K-12 in an Iowa school. The credit percentage is 25 percent of the first $1,000 paid for each dependent for tuition and textbooks. $11.3 million — School Tuition Organization: This credit, administered by Iowa Department of Revenue, is for 65 percent of the amount of a voluntary cash contribution made by a taxpayer to a school tuition organization $9 million — Renewable Energy: This credit is available to a producer or purchaser of energy from a renewable energy facility approved as eligible by the Iowa Utilities Board. Source: Iowa Department of Revenue Your next Staff Editorials articles Lawmakers should pass new rules for dist ... Don't fast-track sweeping gun law change ... Lawmakers should pick compromise on traf ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Historically Speaking — Remembering cool and comfy Pine Lodge March 4, 2017 • Vistas Pine Lodge in the Capitan Mountains was marketed in the newspapers of the time as a rustic retreat, ideal for resting the “mind, body and soul” at reasonable rates. The lodge is long gone, but the paved road that is now the scenic back way to the village of Capitan is named after it (Photo courtesy of the Historical Society for Southeast New Mexico). Submitted by Janice Dunnahoo Special to the Daily Record Pine Lodge in this day is little more than a name of a place that is located somewhere on the north side of the Capitan Mountains. Pine Lodge Road intersects with North Main Street just north of Wal-Mart. The drive to Capitan along the two-lane road (also called State Highway 246) is quite scenic and a popular route for motorcyclists. Following is a historical article from the Roswell Register Tribune about the opening of the Pine Lodge. Hope you can travel back and enjoy the times! — Janice Dunnahoo Pine Lodge Opens for Guests — Aug. 3, 1909 Pine Lodge is the inviting and well-selected name of the new hotel and resort under the shadow of El Capitan peak, at the head of the Arroyo Seco Canyon on the north side of the El Capitan Mountains in Lincoln County. El Capitan Peak is the largest in the El Capitan Mountains. The main building, including dining hall, lobby, office, etc., is a one-story structure of logs and is in dimensions 25 by 60 feet. It will later be made a two-story building with sleeping apartments. For this season there will be well-equipped tents, accommodating one or more, according to the desires of the guests. The true rustic fashion will be carried out in every detail and it will be an ideal place for resting “mind, body and soul” at most reasonable prices, the rates being $2 per day and lesser rates made by week or month. The table will abound with the best the markets afford, with the supplies being brought from Roswell, the purest soft crystal water is plentiful and the mountains afford excellent hunting and rusticating. The surroundings are exquisitely beautiful with the towering mountains above and endless prairie extending northward. The “Kodak friends” will find plenty to occupy their attention; the “spooner honeymooners” sites inspiring, and the tired, worn out businessmen and women, getting next to nature, will be refreshed in a manner not possible to be spoken. This new innovation will be managed by a well-known resident of the Pecos Valley, Mr. P.O. Poulson, who owns a farm southwest of Greenfield, and who was connected with the Hagerman Lumber and Hardware Co. for five years. He has secured an 80-acre lease from the government of the U.S. Forest Service. The new resort known as Pine Lodge is located 50 miles west of Roswell, 30 miles east of Capitan and 42 miles east of the county seat of Lincoln. Mr. Poulson will immediately arrange for special automobile and livery transportation to Pine Lodge at a reasonable rate. Those desiring transportation can arrange with the local garages or liverymen. The road from Roswell to Pine Lodge has been traversed successfully with automobiles by Logan [auth] McPherson, who will make regular trips. As has been announced, Pine Lodge opened for guests and visitors Sunday, Aug. 1. For further information regarding Pine Lodge, address manager P.O. Poulson, Meek, Lincoln County, New Mexico, or B.F. Harlow of the Roswell Register Tribune. Of course, there was much excitement and enthusiasm during the months ahead as Roswell citizens made plans regularly to pack up their “flivvers” and head out for a weekend or maybe for several days, as Pine Lodge was the “talk of the town!” Here’s a note from Editor Will Robinson who often said, “I am a journalist, I shall keep on writing my ‘Random Notes’ and ‘The Impressions of a Tenderfoot’ for the Roswell Register Tribune, telling my friends and neighbors what I see and hear, up-and-down the Pecos Valley and Mountain country.” And this is what ol’ Will had to say about Pine Lodge: “Last Saturday morning, a jolly crowd left Roswell in five autos for the new summer resort located in the Capitan Mountains, a place that is being run by P.O. Poulson. Some of the members of the jolly crowd we’re going up to spend a month, some of them for two weeks and others just to make the trip and return Sunday. As the resort just opened up Aug. 1, the reports that have come from there indicate the place is a very inviting one. A big opening ball was held Saturday night, and this was one of the things that took a goodly number up from Roswell. The cool mountain air is such that one can sleep under a blanket and two comforters at any time during the summer. And of course, this makes fine weather for dancing at any time, so as there are a large number of young people that enjoy the sport, quite a number went up Saturday night to attend the opening ball. While there were five autos that went in a group Saturday morning, this was not the total number that left for the occasion, as George Davidson and wife, Mr. and Mrs. Andy Brewer, Cy Davidson, Miss Belle Beavers, Miss Stewart and others left later in the day, so as to reach the place in time for the dance and to spend the heated day on Sunday in the shade of the Pines. Mr. Poulson was present also, he having been in Roswell for several days, getting up the crowd and then chaperoning it to the popular resort: “This morning, climbing the mountain just back of the lodge, my eyes swept out from the temples isles of green, out over the vast carpet of the pines, miles and miles away to where the horizon’s rim frames to the royal view. The magic of the distance softens the seamed arroyo and the rocks of the buttes, silent reminders of the chisel of time. “Hills are attached with just the slightest tinge of blue. Smooth prairies are bathed in gold — as someday when the restless head of man has reached the treasure house of water below, they will ripple with the yellow of the grain and bloom with the apples that are given to solace man. Now it sleeps, the silence broken only by the shy antelope’s tread and the rustle of the eagle’s wing, supreme over the voices of the desert folk. “Back and beyond are the craggy shoulders of El Capitan and the Old Captain himself, the same grim sentinel that one first sees when swarming up over the plains into the vale of the Pecos. Everywhere are the pines, straight and tall and bearing the mystery of the winds as they sing among the needles, livened in there somberness only by the occasional trill of a Spanish mockingbird, the warring scolds of jays and the yip of the squirrels after seeking piñons or pine nuts. “Down below, the Arroyo Seco splashes and sings over the granite on its way out to the thirsty plain, its smoldering flight into the soil that it may again reappear to bless the valley with sparkling fountains. Of truth ‘God is a little closer here.’ It is a place to forget the trials and hard scramblings of every day life in the fierce competition of the world, the maelstrom that lies in wait beyond the pines, but which has no business here. “This is a place for rest, for cleansing the mind of the flotsam of a year, for drawing in the strength of the pine, which is immovable in the current of years. You come here jaded, world-worn. Give the big pines time to make medicine and the blood comes dancing out from its sluggish torpor; the brain puts the grand kibosh on the cobwebs that have clogged it. One of the small cabins that was later built on the Pine Lodge property. If you look close, there appears to be a woman walking in front of the cabin. (Photo courtesy of the Historical Society for Southeast New Mexico). Kodakery “After a day or two here you begin to eat as you haven’t since you were a boy, and tennis, and hillclimbing, and Kodakery and forgotten botany, this place seems infinitely more attractive than anything else. When night draws down it’s sable mantle and pins it with a myriad of stars, a host of whom you never noticed in the valley below, the fatigue of returning vigor wraps around your limbs and the sandman gallants you over the border of dreamless sleep. That is nature’s way. Blessed old dame! She has a specific cure for every ill if we creep close to her ample bosom and allow her to throw her healing arms around us. “It takes days to realize the charm of Pine Lodge. When you are whisked up from Roswell in four hours by auto, it is like a kaleidoscope of mountain and plain, a blend of colors and sensations, none of them fixed. Only when you settle down to Pine Lodge and the glades of the Seco does it take hold of you, and a little by little you come to bless that man Poulson who has built this lodge in the wilderness, who has opened this boundless contiguity of shade, who has realized that rest and proper feed is what the tired man most needs, and who has cut out the frills from the normal resort and put them on the table. “There is plenty of comfort, though, comfortable. It is the center of life for the tenters, the place were young folks dance when the stars come forth. And the music is good too, and the broad veranda is just the place for a long delicious rest until the electricity of the place gets to work, and you have no time for time. The mail comes in from Meek twice a week, and almost daily autos from Roswell tell us that while we are up in the pines the outside world is not unattainably far, and we need not lose all track of events in history. People come and go, and there are a few but would prefer to stay, when the charm of the pines has gotten in its work. Plenty o’ charm “Someday Pine Lodge will be a famous resort of the western world,” the Register Tribune said. “Perhaps it will lose some of its charm when the wildness disappears; perhaps not. Ever it must be altogether a delight for the toilers of the city, for at little expense they can here get closer to the root of things. My little party will next Monday regretfully turn our faces from the pines. We would like to stay longer, of course, that is the charm of the invigorated and we can turn again to the mill with a will, and in another year you will surely find us here for a longer while.” “Maybe the old Pine Lodge scene does not have the same charm that Will Robinson pictured, but it’s there if you look for it. And when you travel up the primitive road to the old Pine Lodge location, you might not see a single individual. I mean the country up and down the canyon and on the ridge where the community used to be over 100 years ago is a lonely place. It’s lonely until you get acquainted with what’s there. For you might see deer, turkey, squirrels, chipmunks, blue jays, coyotes, mountain lions and maybe even a bear. Yes, there’s plenty of charm there if you want to find it.” ____________ Note: Late historian Georgia Redfield in an article dated Jan. 17, 1954, stated: “Pine Lodge accommodations consist of a central rustic hotel, with rooms provided with hot and cold water, some with baths, and furnished log cabins, equipped with stoves and facilities for housekeeping. Horseback riding, fishing and even a swimming pool area, scooped out from the stream, were all available to the guests.” ____________ Who knows, if you visit the area, which is mostly gone now, in the quiet you may be able to hear the laughter of a child guest from long ago, or a few notes from a guitar or fiddle that were played at a dance in those bygone days. These are the charm and the secrets that lie within those hills and pines. Janice Dunnahoo is an archive volunteer at the Historical Society for Southeast New Mexico Archives. She can be reached at 575-622-1176 or jdunna@hotmail.com. Related Posts About the Author: Vistas Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Print sale to aid future miniature museum United adding nonstops from New Orleans to San Francisco » Business Review Wakefield Oil Co. Dining Guide Peppers Grill & Bar Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years Forecasters warn of windy conditions in New Mexico March 6, 2017 Ex-jail inmates’ lawsuits detail squalid solitary conditions March 6, 2017 Man accused in road-rage shooting at Las Cruces parking lot March 6, 2017 Amazon to collect sales tax in New Mexico starting in April March 6, 2017 Ethics commission proposal advances in New Mexico March 6, 2017 Senate approves New Mexico bill on guns, domestic violence March 4, 2017 New Mexico Republican’s town hall in Ruidoso draws 300 March 4, 2017 New Mexico school building gets historic designation March 4, 2017 DNA test shows man not biological father of late boxer Tapia March 4, 2017 US officials prepare for irrigation season along Rio Grande March 4, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Counties Sports Business Things to Do Dining Music Life Opinion Obituaries Archives Insider E-Edition USA TODAY Media Policing the USA Games Classifieds Jobs Local Public Notices USA TODAY NETWORK TPA Public Notices Homes Moonlighting More Home News Counties Sports Business Things to Do Dining Music Life Opinion Obituaries Archives Insider E-Edition USA TODAY Media Policing the USA Games Classifieds Jobs Local Public Notices USA TODAY NETWORK TPA Public Notices Homes Moonlighting Follow Search User Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 24 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Police investigate bomb threat against Mt. Juliet Walmart Police in Mt. Juliet are investigating after someone phoned in a bomb threat against a Walmart early Saturday afternoon. Post to Facebook Police investigate bomb threat against Mt. Juliet Walmart Police in Mt. Juliet are investigating after someone phoned in a bomb threat against a Walmart early Saturday afternoon.  Check out this story on Tennessean.com: http://tnne.ws/2lIT9tQ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Police investigate bomb threat against Mt. Juliet Walmart Andy Humbles , USA Today Network - Tennessee Published 12:32 p.m. CT March 4, 2017 | Updated 2:18 p.m. CT March 4, 2017 Siren (Photo: File) 24 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Police in Mt. Juliet are investigating after someone phoned in a bomb threat against a Walmart there and demanded cash early Saturday afternoon. No injuries were reported in the incident but the store on Pleasant Grove Road was evacuated while officers and explosive detection dogs searched the premesis. The store was declared safe at about 1:40 p.m., police said in a press release later Saturday. Walmart management called police at about 12:20 p.m. to report the threat. Police and local fire crews responded to evacuate the store and secure the parking lot. The specially-trained dogs from the Lebanon Police Department’s Emergency Services Unit arrived a short time later. Detectives are working to track down the source of the call and find out who made it. Anyone with information about the incident is encouraged to call Mt. Juliet police at 615-754-2550. People can also give information by calling 615-754-TIPS (8477) or visiting the police department’s website. Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/2lIT9tQ TOP VIDEOS Maisy Stella plays before state Senate 0:39 Lt. Gov. Randy McNally remarks on the late Sen. Doug Henry 1:23 Senate pays tribute to Sen. Doug Henry 4:14 Previewing the Predators' final playoff push 0:25 Senator Douglas Henry - Tennessee Statesman 28:53 Camden Residents Speak About Landfill 1:52 Belmont women returning to NCAA Tournament 1:30 Zach Cunningham: Vanderbilt recruits can 'do something big' 0:52 Zach Cunningham: My talent has been overlooked 0:48 Pro-Trump rally held in Nashville 0:46
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Black History Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 63° F Overcast Hi: 71° F Lo: 59° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings 5 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Black History Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Featured: Academy Awards Jocques Clemmons Latest Headlines Jimmy Buffett launches Margaritaville retirement village Updated: 4 mins ago The first community will be built in Daytona Beach for “those looking to live the Margaritaville lifestyle as they grow older, but not up.” Pets of the Week for March 6, 2017 Updated: 12 mins ago Metro Animal Care and Control are also teaming up for a special adopt-a-thon this weekend. On Friday, March 10 and Saturday, March 11, the t… US moves parts of controversial missile defense to SKorea Updated: 39 mins ago For 1st time, Casey Anthony speaks about case Updated: 32 mins ago Police charge parents of child who reported overdose Updated: 57 mins ago Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 63° F Overcast Feels Like: 63° F Wind: S 24 Humidity: 60% Dewpoint: 49° F Sunrise: 6:09 AM Sunset: 5:46 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Latest Headlines Iraq welcomes removal from revised US travel ban March 6, 2017 Iraq was among seven Muslim-majority countries whose nationals were temporarily banned from traveling to the United States in an earlier ord… Austin Peay coach Dave Loos speaks about his retirement March 6, 2017 Loos announced his retirement last week, but he’s making it official Monday with a media briefing at 11 a.m. Evening out: Keselowski wins Atlanta after Harvick miscue March 6, 2017 Vols Derek Barnett shines at NFL Combine March 5, 2017 Campbell’s late goal leads Blackhawks over Predators 5-3 March 5, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 63° F Overcast Hi: 71° F Lo: 59° F Mt. Juliet police investigate bomb threat made against Walmart WKRN web staff Published: March 4, 2017, 2:48 pm Updated: March 4, 2017, 3:43 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Courtesy: Twitter/ Mt. Juliet Police Department) MT. JULIET, Tenn. (WKRN) – Shoppers were forced to evacuate the Mt. Juliet Walmart Saturday morning after a caller made a bomb threat. It happened at the store located at 300 Pleasant Grove Road. According to Lt. Tyler Chandler, authorities were contacted by Walmart management at 12:20 a.m. They told officers someone called and said there was a bomb in the building beside the salon. The caller went on to demand money, saying the explosive device would go off if their request was denied. Managers immediately evacuated the store at the request of authorities. The Mt. Juliet Police Department then responded to the scene, along with the Wilson County Emergency Management Agency (WEMA) and the Mt. Juliet Fire Department. Officers also called the Lebanon Police Department Emergency Services Unit because of their K9s, which are trained to detect explosives. The K9s searched the building but nothing was found, so shoppers were allowed back inside around 1:40 p.m. Mt. Juliet police are now working to identify the person who called in the bomb threat. Anyone with information about the incident is urged to call Mt. Juliet police at 615-754-2550. Information can also be given anonymously by calling 615-754-TIPS (8477) or via the Mt. Juliet Police Department website at http://www.mjpd.org/ . Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Suspect wanted for using cloned credit card in Mt. Juliet Mt. Juliet police investigate phoned-in bomb threat at Gander Mountain 2 wanted for using credit card stolen from car in Mt. Juliet Murfreesboro Walmart evacuated after bomb threat Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com © 2000 - 2017 wkrn.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Nexstar Media Group Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WTVF Traffic Weather All Sections News + Local Tennessee Kentucky U.S. NC5 Investigates Education School Patrol Medical Politics Entertainment Traffic + Sky5 HD Gas Prices TDOT Traffic Report Airport Weather + Radar 7-Day Forecast Weather Alerts Current Conditions Live Cameras School Closings Weather Team Weather Kids Weather Videos Video + Live Newscasts Watch 5+ Live CBSN Live Video YouTube Roku Sports + Titans Predators Commodores Volunteers Blue Raiders TSU Tigers Sounds Money + Consumer Reports Consumer Alert Shop Smart Life + Back to School Summer Heart Health Fall Black Friday Flu Season Healthy New Year Celebrate Tennessee Giving Back Talk of the Town + Recipes Extras Go Local Be Your Best Meet the Team NewsChannel5+ + Watch 5+ Live MorningLine OpenLine SportsLine Inside Politics Community Health Matters Countdown to Friday Fishin' Affliction The Income Guys Inside Workforce Development Issues of Faith LifeStyle with Denise Simons Medical Monday Mortgage Matters Out & About Today Panorama Pharmacist On Call The Plus Side of Nashville Retirement Report Ring of Faith ¿Que Pasa Nashville? SCORE on Business Southern Woods & Waters Titans Talk Words & Music Urban Outlook Photos + my5 Viewer Photos Weather Kids About Us + Contact Us Submit News Tips Contests TV Listings Team Bios Advertise with Us EEO Public File Report Closed Captioning Support Jobs Current 61° Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: 65° LO: 41° HI: 65° LO: 37° HI: 71° LO: 39° Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences Caller's Identity Sought In Walmart Bomb Threat 2:52 PM, Mar 4, 2017 5:16 PM, Mar 4, 2017 Share Article Previous Next Police in Mt. Juliet said they’re searching for a caller who phoned in a bomb threat at a local Walmart. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next MT. JULIET, Tenn. - Police in Mt. Juliet said they’re searching for a caller who phoned in a bomb threat at a local Walmart. The incident happened around 12:20 p.m. Saturday at the Walmart on Pleasant Grove Road. Authorities said they were notified about the call by management at the store. Police and fire crews responded to the scene immediately and secured the area. The store was safely evacuated while crews investigated, and the parking lot was secured. Through the investigation, officials learned the caller had also demanded cash. Explosive detection canines from Lebanon Police Department’s Emergency Services Unit assisted at the scene to ensure it was safe. The property was deemed safe around 1:40 p.m. Saturday. Officials said they’re hoping to discover the identity of the caller. Anyone with information on this incident has been asked to contact the Mt. Juliet Police Department at 615-754-2550. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story Man Cited For 'Obscene' Bumper Sticker Police in Nashville wrote a ticket to a driver for an "obscene bumper sticker." Republicans unveil bill to repeal Obamacare House Republicans introduced their bill to repeal Obamacare's individual mandate that also aims to maintain coverage for people… Tennessee Lawmaker Douglas Henry Dies At 90 Douglas Henry III, Tennessee's longest-serving lawmaker, has died. He was 90 years old. Officials Pay Tribute To Douglas Henry Tributes began pouring in Monday morning after longtime Tennessee lawmaker Douglas Henry III died at the age of 90.   Avian Influenza Found In Tenn. Chicken Flock A virus deadly to poultry has been found in Tennessee. Unrelated Deaths Of 2 Nurses Remain Unsolved Officials with the Metro Nashville Police Department have continued to investigate two separate and unrelated deaths involving nurses from… TBI ID's, Speaks With Passenger In Clemmons' Car Authorities have identified and spoken with the person who was in the passenger seat of Jocques Clemmons' car before he was fatally shot by a… Arrest Made In School Threat In Robertson County Officials have arrested an 18-year-old after an anonymous threat prompted the evacuation of three schools in Robertson County.  Micro Homes In Nashville Will Help Homeless Open Table Nashville has partnered with several other agencies to build nearly two dozen micro homes on a South Nashville church's property. News Sports Weather Traffic Talk of the Town NewsChannel 5+Support NewsChannel 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Team Bios About Us Contest Your Money As Seen on NC5 School Patrol TV Listings Laff Mobile Apps NewsChannel 5 iPhone iPad Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Home Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World National World Politics Live Better Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Weather Sponsor Have a great story? Send a tip! 208-528-NEWS Weather Sponsored By Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World Idaho Utah Wyoming Montana National World Politics Live Better Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Living the Wild Life Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Man arrested for felony burglary at Idaho Falls Wal-Mart Idaho Falls 2  Updated at 7:27 pm, January 21st, 2017 By: EastIdahoNews.com staff Share This Story We Matched Tyler J. Ker | Bonneville County Jail The following is a news release from the Idaho Falls Police Department. IDAHO FALLS — Authorities arrested 37‐year‐old Tyler J. Ker for felony burglary after police say he was caught stealing merchandise from Wal-Mart Thursday night. Ker of Shelley was booked into the Bonneville County Jail. According to reports, officers responded to Wal-Mart at 500 S. Utah Ave., for a theft in progress around 9:45 p.m. Ker and another unidentified individual had attempted to leave the store with a cart full of merchandise valued at $600. Both individuals fled from the store. Officers located Ker in the 400 block of South Utah Avenue. The second individual was not located. Ker was also arrested for unlawful possession of contraband in a correctional facility when he was found in possession of drug paraphernalia at the jail. NEVER MISS A STORY! CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FREE EASTIDAHONEWS.COM APP EastIdahoNews.com staff Visit Stories Stories You May Be Interested In: Two men sentenced for raping teenage girls in Sugar City home 28 Feb 2017 Stephan Rockefeller, EastIdahoNews.com East Idaho Eats: Delightful gourmet sandwiches at Efresh 25 Feb 2017 Natalia Hepworth, EastIdahoNews.com Flood watch issued for eastern Idaho 2 Mar 2017 Nate Sunderland, EastIdahoNews.com Freddy’s Custard and Hamburgers opens today in Rexburg 28 Feb 2017 EastIdahoNews.com staff Zakkery His shirt tho Thexx Gotta catch ’em all! Images in the news Related Stories   Man arrested in connection to Brady’s fire that caused $120,000 in damage Man arrested in connection to Brady’s fire in Idaho Falls Toddler in critical condition after being stuck submerged SUV Republicans unveil bill to repeal and replace Obamacare No damage inside Brady’s after 2 trucks catch fire nearby Legendary rockers Korn coming to conquer Pocatello Have a tip? We want to hear it!Local news comes from local people! Tell us what’s going on in your area! Send a tip ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US JOBS OUR TEAM OUR ETHICS OUR PARTNERS TERMS OF USE COPYRIGHT CLAIM PROCEDURE PRIVACY STATEMENT © 2017, EastIdahoNews.com
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Internet LATEST NEWS NASA plans to create 'coolest spot in universe' North Korean missiles drill for strike on US bases: KCNA Maharashtra spent Rs 8 crore from contingency fund for publicity on PM's programmes LG Anil Baijal's address disappointing, hollow like AAP's performance: BJP West Bengal govt procured 7.52 lakh metric tonne of paddy till February 24: Jyotipriyo Mallick Microsoft doubles its bug bounty to $30,000 'Waste tomatoes can be used to make car tires' Azam Khan moves Supreme Court against bailable warrant in UP Jal Nigam case Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Internet 01:26 PM | 07 Marmarket stats SENSEX 28,982-65.90 NIFTY 50 8,940-23.45 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,923-22.00 USD/INR 66.64-0.08 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 turn rangebound; Infy, Tata Steel top losers Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Non-tech companies hacking consumer behavior patterns using Hackathons By Rajiv Singh, ET Bureau | Mar 05, 2017, 06.50 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Transport Corporation | technology | Sunday ET | silicon valley | productivity | Mark Zuckerberg | Facebook RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Transport Corporatio... x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Assembly Elections 2017: Is Modi on a road to nowhere in Uttar Pradesh? In January last year, Mark Zuckerberg gathered a couple of hundred Facebook engineers for a much vaunted fiftieth hackathon. As helium balloons spelling HACK 50 danced in the air at the Menlo Park headquarters, they slumped over their laptops for a backbreaking 24 hours as they tried to put dazzling ideas into a workable code. Hackathons are the lifeblood of technology companies. Twitter was cranked out at a "hack day". Facebook dreamed up Chat and Post and Safety Check at hackathons. But these marathons for programmers are no longer the preserve of technology companies or of Silicon Valley. Anheuser-Busch InBev knew that neatly stacked Budweiser bottles and discounts aren't enough to bait lager lovers. Factors driving incremental volume are far more complex. Early this month in Bengaluru, the world's largest brewer hosted a hackathon on retail optimisation where it asked coders to create solutions to gauge return on investment and to capture changes in price promotional activities. The beer maker, as it turns out, is not the only non-technology company using geeks to decode consumer behaviour and hunt for retail solutions. Take Daimler India. The hackathon by the automaker in Bengaluru last October resulted in three innovative ideas: vehicle detection and traffic mapping, which included a prototype to help ambulances ease their way through traffic; a Skype-like, interactive, Android application for cars without internet for peer-to-peer video communication; and an app to tackle driver distraction. "The perception about hackathons has undergone a sea change in India," says Sachin Gupta, cofounder of HackerEarth, a Bengalurubased online platform for programmers, which conducted 18 hackathons in 2015. The number shot up to 30 in 2016. India, says Gupta, is slowly transforming into a hub of innovation. If, in the past decade, the country was largely seen as a back office for corporate giants from the West, now it is evolving into a product nation. And businesses need technology more than ever before to survive these changing times. Tech Interest One reason why hackathons are gaining acceptance among non-IT firms is the blurring line between technology and non-technology companies. From operations to human resources, from finance to sales, every division is either enabled by technology or fundamentally disrupted by it. "Every function of a business is being transformed by technology," says Gupta. Over the next decade, he says, a lot of companies will develop strong technological capabilities inhouse because tech is going to drive their business. This will require them not only to build strong technical teams but to also cultivate close relationships with the programmer community to foster innovation. This is what Exotel, a cloud telephony company that helps businesses communicate with customers efficiently over calls and texts, did through its hackathon on machine learning. For a company that claims to power over 3 million customer conversations every day and has processed 1.2 billion calls over the last five years, the challenge was to offer actionable analytics based on customer conversations. It was planning to build a system that could flag the sentiment of conversations as happy, sad, angry and neutral. "We wanted to see how some of the smartest engineering minds would approach this problem," says Shivakumar Ganesan, cofounder of Exotel. About 890 teams were given sample audio files and asked to use speech-recognition algorithms and machine learning to write code that would use the voice as an input and recognise the emotion behind it. The code would then be run across thousands of voice samples to choose the best model. "The winning hack was the one that came closest to detecting the sentiment of conversations," says Ganesan. Retail giant Walmart too is trying to figure out the dynamics of humanmachine interaction. In August 2016, Walmart Labs India, the tech arm of Walmart, conducted a hackathon in Bengaluru to crowdsource ideas in retail and understand customer analytics using machine learning. In a brief presented to coders, it pointed out the challenge: while customer transactions are both online and at physical stores, how can one get a single view of customer behaviour and transaction patterns? How can one leverage the latest techniques in machine learning and deep learning to provide insights to the marketing team? The solutions, the brief concluded, should be actionable, cross-channel, repeatable, scalable and reusable in other domains for maximum impact. Sreekumar Bahuleyan, senior director, human resources, Walmart Labs India, says: "Today, technology drives an incredible shift in customers' expectations and we have to build capabilities to meet them. One way to build those capabilities is through hackathons. They also create opportunities to reach out to developers across various communities. A recent trend that is emerging is that non-tech industries are exploring hackathons as a channel to crowdsource talent and ideas. Thought-provoking ideas get transformed into applications/products in a few days to a few weeks." Tech evangelists, however, are not surprised to see a metamorphosis in the nature of hackathons as diverse companies experiment with the idea. "Innovation is the oxygen for any company. A hackathon supplies that oxygen," says Shripati Acharya, managing partner at Prime Venture Partners, an earlystage investment fund in Bengaluru. Acharya points out three quick benefits: innovative ideas, low-cost solutions and the stoking of creative mindset. While ideas for new products can take months, hackathons fast-track the process. The cost advantage too is huge. During internal hackathons, says Acharya, employees step out of their normal roles to perform creative tasks. Public Service Too Even state governments are wracking the brains of engineers to find solutions to everyday problems. Take, for instance, Code for Karnataka. The IT department of the state government conducted a hackathon in December 2015 to explore mobile technology for better governance. One of the ideas emerging out of hackathon was mFIR, a mobile app that registers complaints at the site of an accident. The app sends notifications to the police by sharing the location so that they can reach the spot quickly. People present on the spot can also add images related to the accident. Even local administrations are persuaded to use coders to solve real-life challenges. Urban Hack was the first ever smart city hackathon in India by the Bangalore City Police and the Metropolitan Transport Corporation in October 2015. The challenge for the police and the local administration was manifold: growing traffic, declining public safety, increasing commuting time resulting in loss of productivity and rising crimes. The hack proved to be a blessing. SatarkApp, one of the solutions by coders, addressed the issue of personal safety and reporting of crime. Tag Car, a road traffic management system based on IOT (internet of things), used unique RFID (radio frequency tags identification) to track vehicles in real time and helped in spotting traffic violations, rerouting traffic, tracking lost cars and suggesting green corridors for emergency vehicles. Zuckerberg is not alone. His grey tees and helium balloons may be missing, but many are hacking their way to a better future. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Top 10 most searched Bollywood actresses on the internet CRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the World MediaZoma Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation IdeasMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Delhi economy booms, per capita income rises Scooter's back, with new hero on road Real Estate READ MORE ON » Transport Corporation | technology | Sunday ET | silicon valley | productivity | Mark Zuckerberg | Facebook To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Mid-level employees in Indian IT sector facing an uncertain future Trai looking to provide high-speed internet at 2 paise per MB by easing access to Wi-Fi Angry with poor pay hike and lack of growth, Indian techies push government to make resigning easier Netflix to invest in several avenues to expand its presence in India Tech Mahindra to buy US healthcare provider valued at $110 million More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Sensex|Elections 2017 Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business Questor: Morrisons’ back-to-basics success reflected in its growing share price Shopping trolleys are stacked in the car park of a Morrisons supermarket store in Croydon Credit: REUTERS/Luke MacGregor James Ashton 4 March 2017 • 5:43pm Questor says: Buy The drive from Leeds to Bradford is barely 11 miles, but the West Yorkshire cities’ best-known retailers have been light years apart lately. Leeds-based Asda might belong to the Walmart empire but 10 consecutive quarters of falling sales illustrate that the original deep discounter is suffering at the hands of its rivals. The suspicion is that the Waltons of Arkansas are too focused on extracting a large dividend from Asda each year instead of investing to keep pace in the UK’s cut-throat supermarket sector. Over in Bradford, Morrisons had its identity crisis early. Spooked by the heavy price tackling of Aldi and Lidl in its heartland rugby league country, it came over all metropolitan. But the days of mist wafting over the in-store vegetables and other questionable innovations are long gone. The resumption of quarterly sales growth a year ago – after four years of decline – showed the benefits of no-nonsense northern retailing and must have gladdened the heart of life president Sir Ken Morrison before he died a month ago. The question is: what next for the revolution being led by Tesco veteran David Potts? Transfer your Isa to Telegraph Investor and get up to £500 cashback. Cashback depends on the transfer value see Terms for details. Your capital is at risk. Whilst transfer is in progress you will be unable to trade. A strong Christmas trading update, reporting like-for-like sales growth excluding fuel of 2.9pc, sent hopes high that Morrisons will deliver more good news with its preliminary results this Thursday. Those January numbers prompted analysts at JP Morgan Cazenove to mark up earnings forecasts for this year by 10pc and margin assumptions by 20 basis points. A general view of products and price displays inside Rochdale's Morrisons supermarket Credit: Christopher Furlong/Getty Images Stores have been decluttered, a catch-up refurbishment programme is taking place and more than half of shoppers’ baskets contain at least one item from its new “Best” range. There is scope for Morrisons to set new targets for free cash and cost savings. More than £1bn has been squeezed from the cost base in three years and there is more to be done in areas of product ordering, distribution and in-store administration. In addition, the retailer owns 80pc of its property freeholds and has been judiciously trimming the portfolio. Latest reports were that £850m had been raised from property sales, with £1.1bn targeted in the medium term. Such progress should have all eyes trained on the balance sheet. Net debt will have dropped by more than £500m to £1.2bn in the year just ended, with guidance that it will go below £1bn in the current year. The enterprise value-to-revenue multiple is an undemanding 0.4 times and gives Potts options. Consolidation has swept the sector – but not in the way many supermarket watchers would have predicted a few years ago. By acquiring Argos, Sainsbury’s drove deep into non-foods and online trading. Tesco chose a different route when it snapped up Booker in January, diversifying into wholesale food supply to convenience stores and restaurants as well as adding corner shop brands Budgens and Londis to its empire. Don’t expect a big deal from Morrisons, though. In time, a special dividend or buyback programme is more likely. Tesco boss Dave Lewis Credit: REUTERS/Toby Melville So far its wholesaling efforts have been less risky, offering its fresh and frozen food through Amazon. It is also reviving the Safeway brand for a range of groceries it intends to sell through independent shops as Potts tries to squeeze more value from its supply chain. Morrisons has 16 factories and is the second-biggest food manufacturer in the country. For that reason, it might fare better than most if dark clouds mass over the industry later this year. Inflation caused in part by commodity price hikes threatens to crimp consumers’ free spending. Retailers may struggle to pass on price rises – or be simply unwilling, as Tesco’s recent Marmite wars showed. Some 25pc of Morrisons’ sales are internally sourced, meaning the fight over what to charge at the till is often an internal one. Choose Telegraph Investor for fast, efficient online dealing in ISAs, SIPPS and Trading accounts.  Capital at risk For the current year, house broker Jefferies Hoare Govett has pencilled in like-for-like sales growth of 1.5pc, earnings per share growth of 12pc and free cash in excess of £400m. The shares are up nearly a quarter since Potts’ appointment was announced two years ago. Questor has tracked Morrisons’ shares higher over the last few months, recommending readers buy at 217p in November and again at 240.9p in January. Trading at 20 times this year’s forecast earnings, there is more to come. Buy. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: Supermarkets Morrisons Lidl Tesco plc Amazon Show more Business latest 07 Mar 2017, 9:12am Live Pound drops to seven-week low and European shares slip after German factory orders suffer worst month since financial crisis 07 Mar 2017, 9:01am Switch is 'fastest-selling console in Nintendo's history' 01:39 07 Mar 2017, 7:36am When is the Budget? Predictions and what we can expect from Philip Hammond's speech 07 Mar 2017, 6:58am Questor: this 7.2pc yield is not all that it seems – beware the Game Digital value trap  Premium 07 Mar 2017, 12:01am GDP is not enough: economists and businesses demand new measure of inclusive growth 07 Mar 2017, 12:01am Consumer boom at an end as prices rise and shoppers cut back  07 Mar 2017, 12:01am North Sea 'urgently needs fresh capital' before 2020 cliff edge 06 Mar 2017, 10:21pm BGL chief relaxed on float after year's record start 06 Mar 2017, 9:25pm Comment: Curbing food waste saves money, as well as the planet Dave Lewis Premium 06 Mar 2017, 8:57pm Comment: Aberdeen and Standard Life spread Scotch mist over deal Christopher Williams Premium 06 Mar 2017, 8:00pm Business rates 'winners' still losing due to inadequate Government scheme 06 Mar 2017, 6:58pm £11bn Standard Life and Aberdeen merger driven by weakness, analysts warn 06 Mar 2017, 6:44pm Smith & Nephew slashes chief's pay following investor revolt 06 Mar 2017, 6:35pm KPMG's UK boss Simon Collins loses out in race to become global chairman of accounting giant 06 Mar 2017, 5:42pm FTSE 100 falters and pound skids towards $1.22 as investors focus on flurry of M&A activity 06 Mar 2017, 5:32pm Apple loses battle to avoid UK import taxes on watch straps  06 Mar 2017, 5:14pm 'Hard' Brexit would be good news for Vauxhall 06 Mar 2017, 4:01pm Explorer Bowleven hopes oilfield deal will see off shareholder rebellion 06 Mar 2017, 3:55pm Dreams posts record results as it gears up for stock market listing 06 Mar 2017, 3:46pm Barratt sells £140m of London homes amid slowing sales in the capital 06 Mar 2017, 3:34pm British Land raises pay for parental leave to encourage women back to work If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
ALERT: Fire in eastern Logan County forces evacuations Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- March 4 - March 7 Posted:   03/04/2017 07:02:25 AM MST Today, March 4 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. Family Fun Saturday — 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Overland Trail Museum. Theme: Gob's O' Green." Free for ages 12 and under, adult admission $3. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Support Our Troops Chili Cook-Off and Salsa Tasting — 6 to 8 p.m., Sterling Masonic Center, 198 Springdale Dr. Set up 5 p.m., open to public 6 p.m., judging begins 7 p.m. Cost $10 per entry. Proceeds go to the Wounded Warrior Project and American Legion Local Veterans Assistance. Information: Jerry Wardrip 522-0244, Talbert Bowen 580-2179, Cecil Souders 520-4179. 'God's Not Dead 2' Showing — 6:30 p.m., 12527 C.R. 37. Admission: Free will offering to benefit summer camp scholarships. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. FM Country. Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Advertisement Sunday, March 5 Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Monday, March 6 SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Senior Citizen's Club Business Meeting — 12:45 p.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool, Pinochle — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Crafty Characters — 3:30 to 5 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Theme: St. Patrick's Day. Circle of Parents in Recovery Group — 5 to 6 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Free childcare is provided. No enrollment requirement, join at any time. Information: cleanslatemngr@frcsterling.org, 970-520-2939 or www.facebook.com/logancleanslate. RE-1 Valley School Board Workshop — 6 p.m., Sterling Middle School. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. TOPS: Take Off Pounds Sensibly — 7 p.m., VFW Hall, 803 Phelps St., 522-8396. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7:30 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Tuesday, March 7 Logan County Commission Meeting — 9 a.m., Courthouse, 2nd floor meeting room. Baby Story Time — 9:30 to 10 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages newborn to 18 months, with an adult. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Little Readers — 10:30 to 11:15 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 3 to 5. Sterling Lions Club — Noon, Elks Club. Cross My Heart Ministries Brown Bag Bible Study — noon to 12:45 p.m., Rock Assembly of God, 916 S. 4th Ave. Geared for women who work outside the home and would like to attend during their lunch hour. Information: Call 526-2732 or e-mail crossmyheart@kci.net. Quilting Class - Aztec Trail — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. For the Ladies Movie Matinee 'Florence Foster Jenkins' — 2 p.m., Heritage Center. VFW Auxiliary — 2:30 p.m., Sterling VFW, 803 Phelps. Dementia Caregivers Group — 4 p.m., Sterling Public Library conference room. Call 970-392-9202 for more caregiver resources and information. Walk to End Alzheimer's Committee Meeting — 5 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Come join our efforts to end this disease! It is relentless, but we aren't! Call 970-392-9202 for more information on getting involved with the Alzheimer's Association's local efforts in Sterling. Weight Watchers — 5:15 p.m., Broadway Plaza, Suite 14. Connie, 522-0231. Sterling FFA Oyster Fry and Member Auction — serving starts at 5:30 p.m., auction at 6:30 p.m., Wally Post Gym, at SHS. Cost: $13 for adults, $8 for ages 5-14/seniors. Under the Umbrella of LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Prince of Peace Church, 201 Phelps St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Knights of Columbus Bingo — 7 p.m., K of C Hall, 421 S. 11th Ave. Public welcome. Master Chorale — 7 p.m., Sterling High School choir room. For men and women who like to sing. Call 522-5742. Sterling Miniature Aircraft Association — 7 p.m., Sterling Aircraft Flying Field, corner of C.R. 38 and 39. Information: Philip Pollock 970-580-8803. Sterling Masonic Lodge Meeting — 7:30 p.m. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- March 6 - March 8 Today, March 6SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Senior Citizen's Club Business Meeting — 12:45 p.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Safe Sitter course teaches life skills Linda Hall inducted into CMEA Hall of Fame   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Report: The Likelihood of a Tax Audit Reaches New Low 8 of the Richest Women in History 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market 10 Best Savings Account Promotions Available Now How to Choose a High-Yield Savings Account 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Here’s How Often CD Rates Change Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans 7 Best Home Improvement Loans Why Payday Loans Are Dangerous 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News How to Choose the Best Bonds for Your Financial Plan Valuation Grows to $33 Billion as Snap Inc. Begins Trading on NYSE 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News How Your Retirement Age Impacts Your Social Security Benefits 20 Unsettling Things You Need to Know About Social Security 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts Cashier’s Check vs. Money Order: Here’s the Difference How to Avoid Overdraft Fees 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News 5 VIP Private Banking Services You Never Knew Existed How to Stop a Bank Levy 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips The Top 10 Most Exclusive Black Cards You Don’t Know About How Credit Card Balance Transfers Work 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Experts > Warren Buffett > 15 Stocks Warren Buffett Is Investing a Ton of Money In 15 Stocks Warren Buffett Is Investing a Ton of Money InThe Warren Buffett stock portfolio might provide clues about where to invest next. By Roger Wohlner | March 4, 2017 Previously 21 Ways the Rich Waste Their Money 1/16 Show Thumbnails Krista Kennell / Shutterstock.com Warren Buffett — perhaps the greatest investor of his or any other generation — is known for buying stocks and holding them for long periods of time through his firm, Berkshire Hathaway. Yet, it was recently announced that he has sold nearly all of his shares of Walmart. And last year, he exited his investment in AT&T. It was also recently announced that Buffett increased his shares of Apple and invested heavily in several airline stocks, including a new investment in Southwest Airlines. Previously, he largely shunned the airline industry. Here's a look at some stocks where Buffett has increased his investment in recent years, as well as a recap of some of the larger Berkshire Hathaway holdings. Looking over the list might help you decide where to invest in stocks during 2017. 2/16 Show Thumbnails pio3 / Shutterstock.com 1. Apple Berkshire Hathaway added to its Apple stake significantly in 2016. In the fourth quarter alone, it nearly quadrupled its shares of Apple. Apple continues to grow, and its products remain popular. The stock price is near its all-time high, buoyed in part by the company buying back shares of the stock, and by a steady dividend. Many mutual funds hold Apple stock. The company is setting records for unit sales of the iPhone. Although Apple continues as a leader in the tech space, a caution surrounds the continued pace of price appreciation, with the stock up more than 18 percent so far in 2017. 3/16 Show Thumbnails Lerner Vadim / Shutterstock.com 2. Delta Air Lines In mid-February, Berkshire Hathaway reported that it had amassed more shares of Delta Air Lines as part of a move to increase holdings in the airline industry. Berkshire Hathaway's investment in Delta was worth about $3 billion at the end of 2016. Delta had reported average annual earnings growth of more than 21 percent for the previous five years and a dividend yield of 1.47 percent, according to Morningstar. 4/16 Show Thumbnails Philip Pilosian / Shutterstock.com 3. United Continental Holdings Berkshire Hathaway reported holdings of about $2.1 billion of United Continental stock at the end of 2016. One of Buffett's best performing stocks of 2016, United Continental had reported average annual earnings growth of 13 percent for the previous five years. Over the past 12 months, the stock has traded in the range of $37.41 to $76.80 per share, with a recent close of $75.41. 5/16 Show Thumbnails Philip Pilosian / Shutterstock.com 4. American Airlines Berkshire Hathaway reported holdings of about $2.1 billion of American Airlines stock at the end of 2016. Like other carriers, American Airlines is constantly trying to innovate to gain an edge in a competitive industry. Recently, it unveiled Basic Economy fares in a handful of markets. 6/16 Show Thumbnails Chris Parypa Photography / Shutterstock.com 5. Southwest Airlines As part of an increase in airline holdings, Berkshire Hathaway reported a fourth-quarter 2016 purchase of $2 billion of stock in Southwest, a new position for Buffett. The stock posted a total return of 42.44 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24. That beat the Standard & Poor's 500 index (25.36 percent) and the average stock in Morningstar's airline group (24.53 percent). 7/16 Show Thumbnails Peter Braakmann / Shutterstock.com 6. Monsanto Berkshire Hathaway reported the purchase of about 8 million shares — worth more than $800 million — of Monsanto, a sustainable agriculture company. The stock posted a total return of 29.98 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, beating the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent). 8/16 Show Thumbnails zhu difeng / Shutterstock.com 7. Sirius XM Berkshire Hathaway reported a $790 million purchase of shares of Sirius XM, a new position for Buffett in 2016. The stock posted a total return of 42.78 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, beating the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) but slightly below the average stock in Morningstar's broadcasting-radio group (41.34 percent). The company has a history of exceeding its earnings guidance. 9/16 Show Thumbnails JuliusKielaitis / Shutterstock.com 8. International Business Machines IBM is one of the largest investments in the Berkshire Hathaway portfolio, worth almost $15 billion as of the end of 2016. The stock posted a total return of 40.78 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, beating the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) and above the average stock in Morningstar's information technology services group (27.58 percent). In fact, IBM might be a great stock for you to consider purchasing — especially if you're new to investing. 10/16 Show Thumbnails Jonathan Weiss / Shutterstock.com 9. Phillips 66 Berkshire's stake in Phillips 66 was about $6.3 billion as of the end of 2016. The stock posted a total return of 1.85 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, trailing the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) and below the average stock in Morningstar's information oil and gas refining and marketing group (14.38 percent). Before you invest in Phillips 66, make sure you learn how to invest in oil stocks. 11/16 Show Thumbnails Sibuet Benjamin / Shutterstock.com 10. Kraft Heinz Kraft Heinz is Berkshire Hathaway's largest holding, worth nearly $30 billion as of the end of 2016. The stock posted a total return of 30.74 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, trailing the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) and above the average stock in Morningstar's information packaged goods group (16.76 percent). 12/16 Show Thumbnails Atstock Productions / Shutterstock.com 11. MasterCard Berkshire Hathaway's stake in MasterCard was more than $545 million at the end of 2016. The stock posted a total return of 29.36 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, beating the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) but trailing the average stock in Morningstar's credit services group (30.33 percent). Morningstar analysts feel the company has solidified its competitive position. They cite the company's network of global banks, merchants and cardholders as huge advantages. 13/16 Show Thumbnails Faiz Zaki / Shutterstock.com 12. Coca-Cola Berkshire Hathaway's stake in Coca-Cola was more than $16.7 billion at the end of 2016. The stock posted a total loss of 1.66 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, trailing the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) and the average stock in Morningstar's beverages-soft drinks group (3.22 percent). Morningstar analysts are optimistic about the company, citing its position as the leader in its segment as a factor in its ability to maintain a premium price. Morningstar also likes the opportunities for growth in emerging-market countries. 14/16 Show Thumbnails Peppinuzzo / Shutterstock.com 13. Wells Fargo Wells Fargo is a longtime Berkshire Hathaway holding that Buffett added to in 2015. Even in the wake of the fake account opening scandal last year, he has not liquidated any shares. Even with the scandal and its fallout, the stock's total return over the 12 months ending Feb. 24 was 24.62 percent, only slightly below that of the S&P 500 index at 25.36 percent. The total return was about half that of the average stock in Morningstar's bank group, however. According to the latest Morningstar analysis, "Wells Fargo's January business update confirmed our thesis that the impact of widespread sales fraud will be relatively short lived. Consumer checking account openings exceeded closings, deposit balances grew at a healthy rate during the ear, and reported customer satisfaction metrics are closing in on pre-scandal levels." 15/16 Show Thumbnails Andrey Arkusha / Shutterstock.com 14. Bank of New York Mellon Berkshire Hathaway's position in Bank of New York Mellon was worth just over $1 billion at the end of 2016. The stock posted a total return of 37.56 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, beating the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) and the average stock in Morningstar's asset management group (34.25 percent). Morningstar cites the "stickiness" of the firm's asset custody business and the leverage inherent in the firm's operations as reasons for optimism about the stock in the coming months. 16/16 Show Thumbnails iStock.com / Linda Parton 15. General Motors Berkshire Hathaway's stake in General Motors was worth around $1.8 billion at the end of 2016. The stock posted a total return of 33.22 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, beating the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) and the average stock in Morningstar's auto manufacturers group (20.96 percent). Morningstar analysts feel General Motors has tremendous earnings potential now that it can focus its U.S. marketing efforts on just four car brands instead of eight. Up Next: How to Make Your First Million the Warren Buffett Way Up Next Get the Royal Treatment at These Castle Hotels x Open a New Account Check Out the Next Article Get the Royal Treatment at These Castle Hotels Feel like a queen or king at these jaw-dropping castle hotels. Related Articles Warren Buffett’s Biggest Investing Mistake of 2015 Why Wells Fargo Is Warren Buffett’s Favorite Bank Warren Buffett’s Best Performing Stocks of 2015 Warren Buffett’s Biggest Stock Predictions People are Reading Today Sponsored Links by Zergnet Comments Back to Top follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Right Reserved. Newsletter Sign-up: × Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available.
View mobile site View mobile site Follow us on         Tulsa's 24-Hour News, Weather and Traffic Hi, (not you?) | Member Center | Sign Out Sign In | Register recent on-air advertisers Now Playing Now PlayingNews-Talk 740 KRMG Tulsa's 24-Hour News, ... Listen Live Search Home News Top Stories Oklahoma News US News World News Breaking News Text Alerts Weather 5-Day Forecast KRMG NexRad HD Radar Severe Weather Preparedness TAKE ACTION: Avoid illness during the summer heat Winter Weather Tips Severe Weather Text Alerts School/Business/Church Closings LIVE StormCenter Chase Cameras Traffic Accidents in Tulsa Current ODOT Construction Projects Traffic Cameras Find the lowest gas prices Accident Report Form Red Alert Traffic Notifications The KRMG Morning News Behind the Scenes Blog JAMIE DUPREE Jamie Dupree on Twitter Inside KRMG Air Staff Submit A News Tip KRMG Insider Newsletter Event Guide Community Page How To Advertise On KRMG Concerts Contact Us CoxHSHub.com Tulsa Live Events Union Football Shows KRMG Morning News Herman Cain Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity KRMG Evening News Clark Howard Kilmeade & Friends The Dana Show Chad Benson Show Wheels Car Care Show KRMG.com Presents Voices of Oklahoma Radio KRMG Ask the Experts Weekend The KRMG Gardening Show Contests The KRMG App KRMG TEXT ALERTS Breaking News Alerts Weather Alerts Red Alert Traffic - transitioning to app! 3 Big Things Home   >  News   >  Local Updated: 4:16 p.m. Thursday, March 2, 2017 | Posted: 8:00 p.m. Friday, March 3, 2017 Man attempts to snatch baby from mother's arms at Walmart He began a conversation and then grabbed at the child Related View Larger  Cleveland County Jail Eric Richardson Trump says Planned Parenthood can keep federal funding if it halts abortions House Republicans unveil plan to repeal and replace Obamacare Police investigate after infant found face down in dirty mop water Wife takes plea deal for killing husband and two sex partners he found on Craigslist Notorious 86-year-old jewelry thief misses court date, says health is to blame By Cox Media Group SHELBY, N.C. — Police arrested a man Wednesday who they said grabbed a baby at a North Carolina Walmart. Eric Richardson was arrested and charged Wednesday with one count of assault on a child under 12 years old. >> Read more trending news Mother Tiana Langer told WSOCTV that she had a bizarre encounter with Richardson on Tuesday at the Walmart on Dixon Boulevard in Shelby. "He said, 'How did you get that cutie?' and I just thought he was being friendly," Langer said. But that's when the conversation with Richardson got weird, according to Langer. "He started rubbing on her arm and then he pulled her arm and was like, 'Well you can come home with me,'" Langer said. "I didn't know what that's supposed to mean." Langer said she was able to walk away from Richardson, and that didn't see him again. Officers investigated and reviewed surveillance video at the Walmart, according to a police report. The documents showed Richardson was holding another child at the entrance of the Walmart, but that mother didn't seem concerned. The police report showed he left by himself. Richardson bonded out of jail Thursday. Eric Richardson charged with assault on a child under 12. He bonded out of jail this afternoon. @wsoctvpic.twitter.com/Bq3YItXFgF— Blake Hanson (@BlakeWSOC9) Eric Richardson charged with assault on a child under 12. He bonded out of jail this afternoon. @wsoctvpic.twitter.com/Bq3YItXFgF— Blake Hanson (@BlakeWSOC9) March 2, 2017 ">March 2, 2017 There are no comments yet. Be the first to post your thoughts. Sign in or register.     Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Trending News Police: Man says he stabbed mother to death because she is vampire, he is werewolf Trump says Planned Parenthood can keep federal funding if it halts abortions House Republicans unveil plan to repeal and replace Obamacare Police investigate after infant found face down in dirty mop water Wife takes plea deal for killing husband and two sex partners he found on Craigslist   News/Weather/Traffic News Weather Traffic Event Guide Events Follow and Share RSS Feeds Advertisers and Sponsors How to Advertise Recent on-air advertisers Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Tulsa Coupons Rare - America's News Feed About Us Contact Us Work With Us EEOC Statement Help Audio Help Video Help Search Help   © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group   View mobile site View mobile site Enterprise Feedback Management Survey Software Sign In / Register Sign in with your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign in with your email {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? {* /userInformationForm *} New User?Create a New Account Sign In / Register Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In / Register Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} You're Almost Done! Select a display name and password {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Create a New Account Select a display name and password Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent you a confirmation email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Close Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification To sign in you must verify your email address. Fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* resendVerification_emailAddress *} {* newPasswordFormButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in
ALERT: Fire in eastern Logan County forces evacuations Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- March 4 - March 7 Posted:   03/03/2017 07:06:45 AM MST Saturday, March 4 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. Family Fun Saturday — 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Overland Trail Museum. Theme: Gob's O' Green." Free for ages 12 and under, adult admission $3. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Support Our Troops Chili Cook-Off and Salsa Tasting — 6 to 8 p.m., Sterling Masonic Center, 198 Springdale Dr. Set up 5 p.m., open to public 6 p.m., judging begins 7 p.m. Cost $10 per entry. Proceeds go to the Wounded Warrior Project and American Legion Local Veterans Assistance. Information: Jerry Wardrip 522-0244, Talbert Bowen 580-2179, Cecil Souders 520-4179. 'God's Not Dead 2' Showing — 6:30 p.m., 12527 C.R. 37. Admission: Free will offering to benefit summer camp scholarships. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. FM Country. Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Advertisement Sunday, March 5 Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Monday, March 6 SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Senior Citizen's Club Business Meeting — 12:45 p.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool, Pinochle — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Circle of Parents in Recovery Group — 5 to 6 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Free childcare is provided. No enrollment requirement, join at any time. Information: cleanslatemngr@frcsterling.org, 970-520-2939 or www.facebook.com/logancleanslate. RE-1 Valley School Board Workshop — 6 p.m., Sterling Middle School. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. TOPS: Take Off Pounds Sensibly — 7 p.m., VFW Hall, 803 Phelps St., 522-8396. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7:30 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Tuesday, March 7 Logan County Commission Meeting — 9 a.m., Courthouse, 2nd floor meeting room. Baby Story Time — 9:30 to 10 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages newborn to 18 months, with an adult. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Little Readers — 10:30 to 11:15 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 3 to 5. Sterling Lions Club — Noon, Elks Club. Cross My Heart Ministries Brown Bag Bible Study — noon to 12:45 p.m., Rock Assembly of God, 916 S. 4th Ave. Geared for women who work outside the home and would like to attend during their lunch hour. Information: Call 526-2732 or e-mail crossmyheart@kci.net. Quilting Class - Aztec Trail — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. For the Ladies Movie Matinee 'Florence Foster Jenkins' — 2 p.m., Heritage Center. VFW Auxiliary — 2:30 p.m., Sterling VFW, 803 Phelps. Dementia Caregivers Group — 4 p.m., Sterling Public Library conference room. Call 970-392-9202 for more caregiver resources and information. Walk to End Alzheimer's Committee Meeting — 5 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Come join our efforts to end this disease! It is relentless, but we aren't! Call 970-392-9202 for more information on getting involved with the Alzheimer's Association's local efforts in Sterling. Weight Watchers — 5:15 p.m., Broadway Plaza, Suite 14. Connie, 522-0231. Sterling FFA Oyster Fry and Member Auction — serving starts at 5:30 p.m., auction at 6:30 p.m., Wally Post Gym, at SHS. Cost: $13 for adults, $8 for ages 5-14/seniors. Under the Umbrella of LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Prince of Peace Church, 201 Phelps St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Knights of Columbus Bingo — 7 p.m., K of C Hall, 421 S. 11th Ave. Public welcome. Master Chorale — 7 p.m., Sterling High School choir room. For men and women who like to sing. Call 522-5742. Sterling Miniature Aircraft Association — 7 p.m., Sterling Aircraft Flying Field, corner of C.R. 38 and 39. Information: Philip Pollock 970-580-8803. Sterling Masonic Lodge Meeting — 7:30 p.m.   Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- March 6 - March 8 Today, March 6SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Senior Citizen's Club Business Meeting — 12:45 p.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Safe Sitter course teaches life skills Linda Hall inducted into CMEA Hall of Fame   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
CONTACT US SPONSOR A POST ADVERTISE WITH GAS 2 Privacy Policy Hybrid / EV EVs Charging Hybrids Biofuels Algae Biodiesel Ethanol Car Hacks / DIY Cycles Bicycles Motorcycles Scooters Motorsports Formula 1 Formula E IMSA IndyCar Pikes Peak 24 Hours of Le Mans Search → US Economy Published on March 5th, 2017 | by Steve Hanley 9 Border Adjustment Tax Bluster Could Blow Back On American Consumers March 5th, 2017 by Steve Hanley    The Border Adjustment Tax idea began with Donald Trump, who loves making policy that fits in a Tweet. Sadly, he is often short on details about how his hyperbolic histrionics might actually work or what impact his blandishments may have on the very people whose interests he purports to be promoting. Trump’s blather about Mexican imports resonates with his supporters. Build a wall! Make Mexico pay for it! Protect American jobs! Put America first! All that sloganeering plays well in Peoria. “Currently, when we ship products out of America, many other countries make us pay very high tariffs and taxes, but when foreign companies ship their products into America, we charge them nothing or almost nothing,” Trump told a joint session of Congress last week. Trade Is Not Always Fair His words are not without a basis in fact, especially as it applies to China. That country prohibits an American company from manufacturing products within its borders unless it enters into a 50–50 partnership with a Chinese company first. That means they also have to share all intellectual property associated with producing the products. Chinese companies wishing to do business in the US are under no such obligation. That hardly seems fair. Trump has an almost pathological hatred of Mexico and all the people who live there, referring to them repeatedly as murderers, drug dealers, and rapists. His border tax idea seems rooted more in his desire to punish Mexico and its people than in any economic reality. His tirades completely overlook the fact that Mexico is also one of America’s biggest trading partners. Many American jobs are made possible by manufacturing items for sale south of the border. Cheap goods manufactured elsewhere have been the engine that has driven the American economy to new heights over the past 20 years. Walmart would still be a tiny little dry goods store in a sleepy town in Arkansas were it not for globalization. Border Adjustment Tax Proposed By Republicans Emboldened by all of The Donald’s pandering to his base, Republicans in Congress have decided they want to do some pandering of their own. They have introduced legislation that would levy an across the board 20% Border Adjustment Tax (BAT) on automobiles and automotive parts shipped into the US from other countries, not just Mexico. The Republicans want to bask in the “We’re making America great again” balderdash being doled out by the same man they all ran away from before the election because they thought he was a raving lunatic. But if sucking up to fear filled voters worked for Trump, it might just work for them, too, so now they are running to embrace him, hoping some of his luster will rub off on them when the 2018 off-year elections roll around, The Border Tax Is Simpleminded Auto analyst Alan Baum says it is simpleminded to assume suppliers or carmakers can just flip a switch and suddenly in-source their overseas manufacturing. “We’re at a peak in the market. Politicians want more direct investment in US manufacturing, but this is the exact wrong timing.” Baum says the BAT could shrink the automotive sector by 6.5% or 1.1 million vehicles. “So now the industry would be hurting, and you’re asking them to reinvest in US production, which is absurd.” Car dealers are also less than pleased with the BAT idea. “This is a really fragile time,” says Paul Ritchie, who owns a Kia and Honda dealership in Hagerstown, Maryland, and a Honda dealership in Altoona, Pennsylvania. “The average consumer hasn’t seen much of an income increase, but car prices keep going up.” Jason Courter is the chief operating officer of two Honda dealers in the state of Washington. He worries that the border tax would also affect the mix of cars available to drivers in the US. If automakers can’t make a profit on some models, they just won’t be sold in the US any more. That means less competition, which will drive prices up even more. “That’s really strange. This vote [the 2016 election] was supposed to be about less government, but this is about government handcuffing the free market.” Dealers To Testify Before Congress Cody Lusk is chairman of the American International Automobile Dealers Association. Lusk is blunt about the BAT. “It’s a recipe for disaster. It’s a tax on consumers, and it means the average car payment goes up by almost $100 a month — and that’s on a car that just goes up by a $2,000 sticker.” Lusk is concerned the BAT could plunge the US back into a recession. That’s the message he is sending to members of the AIADA. He is urging them to come to Washington to testify to Congress on March 8 and let elected officials know that they are playing with fire. One dealer who says he will be there is Dave Conant, head of Conant Auto Group in Irvine, California. His organization has 1,300 employees and sells $1.2 billion worth of cars annually. One of its dealerships, Norm Reeves Honda, is consistently the biggest Honda dealership by volume in the world. Car Sales Are Vital To American Communities Conant is going to Washington because he thinks Congress don’t understand how important car sales are to local communities. It doesn’t matter if the cars on the floor are Fords or Hondas.  Even domestic brands import a lot of their parts and will be hurt by a border tax. “I don’t expect customers to think about any of this when they come to buy a car,” Conant says. “If they can’t afford the payment, that’s why they walk out the door.” Conant wants to tell Congress that sales tax, property tax, and all of the other parts of the economy that are based on the sale of automobiles, including insurance and repair businesses, are vitally important to the revenue streams of local governments. “When we sit down with city managers, they tell us that we’re paying for the parks department, the police, the sheriffs, all of it.” That’s no exaggeration. A 2015 Center for Automotive Research study found that nearly 7 million Americans are employed directly or indirectly in the auto sector. Combined, they earn half a trillion dollars in income and pay about $300 billion in taxes every year. Tweeting Is Not The Same As Governing Last week, Donald Trump admitted that the healthcare industry is really, really complicated. This may have been news to the Blusterer in Chief, but it comes as no surprise to anyone who knows anything about healthcare. Here’s a flash for The Donald and Congressional Republicans: The automotive industry and global trade are also really, really complicated and should be left to professionals, not poseurs trying to pump up their street cred in advance of the next election. Tweeting is not governing. Trump acts like a person playing chess for the first time. He is unable to see even one move ahead. He and his Republican acolytes are preparing the US economy for a train wreck of epic proportions. As usual, it is the little people who will pay the price for the buffoonery that passes for leadership in the Washington at the moment. Source: Autoblog | Photo by Gage Skidmore (some rights reserved) Share: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Tags: AIADA, Border Adjustment Tax, China trade policy, Donald Trump border tax, US auto industry, US jobs in auto industry, US trade policy About the Author Steve Hanley I have been a car nut since the days when Rob Walker and Henry N. Manney, III graced the pages of Road & Track. Today, I use my trusty Miata for TSD rallies and occasional track days at Lime Rock and Watkins Glen. If it moves on wheels, I'm interested in it. Please follow me on Google + and Twitter. Related Posts No related posts found! Epicurus “[China] prohibits an American company from manufacturing products within its borders unless it enters into a 50-50 partnership with a Chinese company first. That means they also have to share all intellectual property associated with producing the products. Chinese companies wishing to do business in the US are under no such obligation.” Trump and Bernie were the only politicians to discuss how unfair our trade policies are. Hillary had no credibility on the issue, even after she finally disavowed the TPP, but the Dem Party establishment put its thumb on the scale for Hillary anyway even though she was hated by 55% of the electorate before she even got the nomination. Post election polls reveal that Bernie would have beaten Trump handily, but, let’s face facts, establishment Democrats would rather lose to a Republican than win with a progressive. Hillary’s loss had nothing to do with Russia, Comey, or with emails except how they exposed the truth about her and her campaign. Establishment Democrats now complain that the voters should not have been exposed to the truth. Join Justice Democrats and sign the Draft Bernie petition. The Democratic Party must change or die. WebUserAtLarge I agree that Bernie Sanders should have been the Dem. nominee. At the very least there should not have been an internal agenda/campaign to derail his nomination. Nobody can make China dictate it’s policies, of coarse. But maybe a balance can be reached by requiring Chinese companies wishing to do business in US (and elsewhere) to adhere to similar constraints (50/50 partnership, etc). Epicurus Right. What’s good for the goose is good for the gander. Funny how no previous president could think of that. Of course they could, but they served their corporate donors, not the American people, just as most politicians do in our sham democracy. Burnerjack Hear about the “Bernie Sanders’ Drinking Game”? Every time Bernie mentions a new ‘free’ government program, you get to drink somebody else’s beer. airchompers To clarify, the dealers who say that the border adjustment tax will be a disaster are the same dealers who say that Tesla’s direct sales will be a disaster right? Sounds like another special interest that needs the laws protecting it to go! trackdaze those dealers and car companors are the ones that were ok with it. Its the ones that want you and i to pay a protection tax on cars not produced in this country that sought protection from direct sales. Burnerjack BINGO! You can choose anything on the top shelf. trackdaze Just make it a border adjustment tax for carbon. Payable only on cars produced in highly polluting countries and or with no accredited carbon free energy used in its production. So something like a Nuclear powered france? gets a free pass. Hydro and wind powered sweden?, Free pass. A car produced in a country with emmissions higher than the US or a threshold that picks up lagards or non performers? But has used accredited carbon free power to produce the vehicle? 50% rebate. Steve Hanley The tax has nothing to do with environmental concerns, unfortunately. Otherwise, your idea would be a good one. Back to Top ↑ Advertisement Top Posts & Pages Dynamic Charging From Honda Would Cost Less Than Charging Infrastructure Top 5 Reasons to NOT Convert Your Car to Propane or LPG Solid-State Battery May Be Next Great Leap Forward In Technology The 11 Best Fuel Efficient Motorcycles You Can Buy in 2016 The 11 Best Fuel-efficient Motorcycles You Can Buy in 2015 Border Adjustment Tax Bluster Could Blow Back On American Consumers Workhorse Has 1,000 Orders For Plug-in Hybrid Electric Pickup Truck Advertisement Get Our News Daily! Subscribe to our mailing list Advertisement Fastest Electric Cars *17 Quickest Electric Cars On The Market *10 Ferraris, Lamborghinis, Porsches, & McLarens The Ludicrous Tesla Model S Is Quicker Than Featured New Car Reviews *4 States + 1000 Miles in the Mitsubishi Outlander *Mitsubishi Outlander Plug-In Hybrid *2015 Toyota Auris Hybrid *1000 Mile Test Drive: 2014 Chevy Cruze Diesel *Mitsubishi Mirage CVT: Driving the Highest MPG Car in America *The 50 MPG Honda Accord Hybrid Featured Motorcycle Posts *The World’s Most Perfect Vespa *Hero Launches Turbo Diesel Motorcycle *Yamaha’s All-Electric Ecosystem *The 13 Best High MPG Motorcycles of 2013 The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries.   Search the IM Network Gas 2 is a Technorati Top 10 blog, and part of the Important Media network of blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. © 2014   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. CONTACT US SPONSOR A POST ADVERTISE WITH GAS 2 Privacy Policy Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CONTACT US SPONSOR A POST ADVERTISE WITH GAS 2 Privacy Policy Hybrid / EV EVs Charging Hybrids Biofuels Algae Biodiesel Ethanol Car Hacks / DIY Cycles Bicycles Motorcycles Scooters Motorsports Formula 1 Formula E IMSA IndyCar Pikes Peak 24 Hours of Le Mans Search → US Economy Published on March 5th, 2017 | by Steve Hanley 9 Border Adjustment Tax Bluster Could Blow Back On American Consumers March 5th, 2017 by Steve Hanley    The Border Adjustment Tax idea began with Donald Trump, who loves making policy that fits in a Tweet. Sadly, he is often short on details about how his hyperbolic histrionics might actually work or what impact his blandishments may have on the very people whose interests he purports to be promoting. Trump’s blather about Mexican imports resonates with his supporters. Build a wall! Make Mexico pay for it! Protect American jobs! Put America first! All that sloganeering plays well in Peoria. “Currently, when we ship products out of America, many other countries make us pay very high tariffs and taxes, but when foreign companies ship their products into America, we charge them nothing or almost nothing,” Trump told a joint session of Congress last week. Trade Is Not Always Fair His words are not without a basis in fact, especially as it applies to China. That country prohibits an American company from manufacturing products within its borders unless it enters into a 50–50 partnership with a Chinese company first. That means they also have to share all intellectual property associated with producing the products. Chinese companies wishing to do business in the US are under no such obligation. That hardly seems fair. Trump has an almost pathological hatred of Mexico and all the people who live there, referring to them repeatedly as murderers, drug dealers, and rapists. His border tax idea seems rooted more in his desire to punish Mexico and its people than in any economic reality. His tirades completely overlook the fact that Mexico is also one of America’s biggest trading partners. Many American jobs are made possible by manufacturing items for sale south of the border. Cheap goods manufactured elsewhere have been the engine that has driven the American economy to new heights over the past 20 years. Walmart would still be a tiny little dry goods store in a sleepy town in Arkansas were it not for globalization. Border Adjustment Tax Proposed By Republicans Emboldened by all of The Donald’s pandering to his base, Republicans in Congress have decided they want to do some pandering of their own. They have introduced legislation that would levy an across the board 20% Border Adjustment Tax (BAT) on automobiles and automotive parts shipped into the US from other countries, not just Mexico. The Republicans want to bask in the “We’re making America great again” balderdash being doled out by the same man they all ran away from before the election because they thought he was a raving lunatic. But if sucking up to fear filled voters worked for Trump, it might just work for them, too, so now they are running to embrace him, hoping some of his luster will rub off on them when the 2018 off-year elections roll around, The Border Tax Is Simpleminded Auto analyst Alan Baum says it is simpleminded to assume suppliers or carmakers can just flip a switch and suddenly in-source their overseas manufacturing. “We’re at a peak in the market. Politicians want more direct investment in US manufacturing, but this is the exact wrong timing.” Baum says the BAT could shrink the automotive sector by 6.5% or 1.1 million vehicles. “So now the industry would be hurting, and you’re asking them to reinvest in US production, which is absurd.” Car dealers are also less than pleased with the BAT idea. “This is a really fragile time,” says Paul Ritchie, who owns a Kia and Honda dealership in Hagerstown, Maryland, and a Honda dealership in Altoona, Pennsylvania. “The average consumer hasn’t seen much of an income increase, but car prices keep going up.” Jason Courter is the chief operating officer of two Honda dealers in the state of Washington. He worries that the border tax would also affect the mix of cars available to drivers in the US. If automakers can’t make a profit on some models, they just won’t be sold in the US any more. That means less competition, which will drive prices up even more. “That’s really strange. This vote [the 2016 election] was supposed to be about less government, but this is about government handcuffing the free market.” Dealers To Testify Before Congress Cody Lusk is chairman of the American International Automobile Dealers Association. Lusk is blunt about the BAT. “It’s a recipe for disaster. It’s a tax on consumers, and it means the average car payment goes up by almost $100 a month — and that’s on a car that just goes up by a $2,000 sticker.” Lusk is concerned the BAT could plunge the US back into a recession. That’s the message he is sending to members of the AIADA. He is urging them to come to Washington to testify to Congress on March 8 and let elected officials know that they are playing with fire. One dealer who says he will be there is Dave Conant, head of Conant Auto Group in Irvine, California. His organization has 1,300 employees and sells $1.2 billion worth of cars annually. One of its dealerships, Norm Reeves Honda, is consistently the biggest Honda dealership by volume in the world. Car Sales Are Vital To American Communities Conant is going to Washington because he thinks Congress don’t understand how important car sales are to local communities. It doesn’t matter if the cars on the floor are Fords or Hondas.  Even domestic brands import a lot of their parts and will be hurt by a border tax. “I don’t expect customers to think about any of this when they come to buy a car,” Conant says. “If they can’t afford the payment, that’s why they walk out the door.” Conant wants to tell Congress that sales tax, property tax, and all of the other parts of the economy that are based on the sale of automobiles, including insurance and repair businesses, are vitally important to the revenue streams of local governments. “When we sit down with city managers, they tell us that we’re paying for the parks department, the police, the sheriffs, all of it.” That’s no exaggeration. A 2015 Center for Automotive Research study found that nearly 7 million Americans are employed directly or indirectly in the auto sector. Combined, they earn half a trillion dollars in income and pay about $300 billion in taxes every year. Tweeting Is Not The Same As Governing Last week, Donald Trump admitted that the healthcare industry is really, really complicated. This may have been news to the Blusterer in Chief, but it comes as no surprise to anyone who knows anything about healthcare. Here’s a flash for The Donald and Congressional Republicans: The automotive industry and global trade are also really, really complicated and should be left to professionals, not poseurs trying to pump up their street cred in advance of the next election. Tweeting is not governing. Trump acts like a person playing chess for the first time. He is unable to see even one move ahead. He and his Republican acolytes are preparing the US economy for a train wreck of epic proportions. As usual, it is the little people who will pay the price for the buffoonery that passes for leadership in the Washington at the moment. Source: Autoblog | Photo by Gage Skidmore (some rights reserved) Share: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Tags: AIADA, Border Adjustment Tax, China trade policy, Donald Trump border tax, US auto industry, US jobs in auto industry, US trade policy About the Author Steve Hanley I have been a car nut since the days when Rob Walker and Henry N. Manney, III graced the pages of Road & Track. Today, I use my trusty Miata for TSD rallies and occasional track days at Lime Rock and Watkins Glen. If it moves on wheels, I'm interested in it. Please follow me on Google + and Twitter. Related Posts No related posts found! Epicurus “[China] prohibits an American company from manufacturing products within its borders unless it enters into a 50-50 partnership with a Chinese company first. That means they also have to share all intellectual property associated with producing the products. Chinese companies wishing to do business in the US are under no such obligation.” Trump and Bernie were the only politicians to discuss how unfair our trade policies are. Hillary had no credibility on the issue, even after she finally disavowed the TPP, but the Dem Party establishment put its thumb on the scale for Hillary anyway even though she was hated by 55% of the electorate before she even got the nomination. Post election polls reveal that Bernie would have beaten Trump handily, but, let’s face facts, establishment Democrats would rather lose to a Republican than win with a progressive. Hillary’s loss had nothing to do with Russia, Comey, or with emails except how they exposed the truth about her and her campaign. Establishment Democrats now complain that the voters should not have been exposed to the truth. Join Justice Democrats and sign the Draft Bernie petition. The Democratic Party must change or die. WebUserAtLarge I agree that Bernie Sanders should have been the Dem. nominee. At the very least there should not have been an internal agenda/campaign to derail his nomination. Nobody can make China dictate it’s policies, of coarse. But maybe a balance can be reached by requiring Chinese companies wishing to do business in US (and elsewhere) to adhere to similar constraints (50/50 partnership, etc). Epicurus Right. What’s good for the goose is good for the gander. Funny how no previous president could think of that. Of course they could, but they served their corporate donors, not the American people, just as most politicians do in our sham democracy. Burnerjack Hear about the “Bernie Sanders’ Drinking Game”? Every time Bernie mentions a new ‘free’ government program, you get to drink somebody else’s beer. airchompers To clarify, the dealers who say that the border adjustment tax will be a disaster are the same dealers who say that Tesla’s direct sales will be a disaster right? Sounds like another special interest that needs the laws protecting it to go! trackdaze those dealers and car companors are the ones that were ok with it. Its the ones that want you and i to pay a protection tax on cars not produced in this country that sought protection from direct sales. Burnerjack BINGO! You can choose anything on the top shelf. trackdaze Just make it a border adjustment tax for carbon. Payable only on cars produced in highly polluting countries and or with no accredited carbon free energy used in its production. So something like a Nuclear powered france? gets a free pass. Hydro and wind powered sweden?, Free pass. A car produced in a country with emmissions higher than the US or a threshold that picks up lagards or non performers? But has used accredited carbon free power to produce the vehicle? 50% rebate. Steve Hanley The tax has nothing to do with environmental concerns, unfortunately. Otherwise, your idea would be a good one. Back to Top ↑ Advertisement Top Posts & Pages Dynamic Charging From Honda Would Cost Less Than Charging Infrastructure Top 5 Reasons to NOT Convert Your Car to Propane or LPG Solid-State Battery May Be Next Great Leap Forward In Technology The 11 Best Fuel Efficient Motorcycles You Can Buy in 2016 The 11 Best Fuel-efficient Motorcycles You Can Buy in 2015 Border Adjustment Tax Bluster Could Blow Back On American Consumers Workhorse Has 1,000 Orders For Plug-in Hybrid Electric Pickup Truck Advertisement Get Our News Daily! Subscribe to our mailing list Advertisement Fastest Electric Cars *17 Quickest Electric Cars On The Market *10 Ferraris, Lamborghinis, Porsches, & McLarens The Ludicrous Tesla Model S Is Quicker Than Featured New Car Reviews *4 States + 1000 Miles in the Mitsubishi Outlander *Mitsubishi Outlander Plug-In Hybrid *2015 Toyota Auris Hybrid *1000 Mile Test Drive: 2014 Chevy Cruze Diesel *Mitsubishi Mirage CVT: Driving the Highest MPG Car in America *The 50 MPG Honda Accord Hybrid Featured Motorcycle Posts *The World’s Most Perfect Vespa *Hero Launches Turbo Diesel Motorcycle *Yamaha’s All-Electric Ecosystem *The 13 Best High MPG Motorcycles of 2013 The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries.   Search the IM Network Gas 2 is a Technorati Top 10 blog, and part of the Important Media network of blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. © 2014   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. CONTACT US SPONSOR A POST ADVERTISE WITH GAS 2 Privacy Policy Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TUE, MAR 07, 2017 | 10 °C Light rain Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 6 hours ago Housing and medical care buildings to be built on former Chedoke Hospital lands Nearly 26 acres of land from the former Chedoke Hospital on the west... Latest News SEE MORE SIU investigating after woman dies on Highway 407 at Dundas Street Local festivals land $19 million in provincial cash Alectra warning business customers of phone scam Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown 8 hours ago Burlington residents speak out against 26-storey condo at OMB hearing Five city residents spoke against a revised proposal for a 26-storey... Latest Business News SEE MORE Hamilton to be showcased during European trade mission Zonta accepting applications for Women in Business scholarship ED CANNING: ‘Reasonable person’ standard applied to constructive dismissal claims LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 2 hours ago No. 4 Gonzaga tops Santa Clara, into 20th straight WCC final No. 4 Gonzaga tops Santa Clara, into 20th straight WCC final Latest Sports News SEE MORE Leonard's 39 points, defence, lead Spurs by Harden, Rockets India out for 274, sets Australia 188 to win 2nd test Australia to host England in 1st women's day-night test Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 4 hours ago The Americans seems set to crack itself open All along, certain viewers have found “The Americans” too grim to bear:... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Emma Watson still in touch with Harry Potter co-stars Rick Rude to be inducted into 2017 WWE Hall of Fame Chance The Rapper donates $1 million to Chicago Public Schools Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Newsroom Insider Blogs Commenting Guidelines Mar 01, 2017 The Spectator’s View: Traffic, traffic everywhere Public transit is the only real answer to traffic woes Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Wellness Home and Garden Environment 13 hours ago A fifth-grade girl has convinced Tesla to do something new Tesla will run a competition for fan-made commercials. The American... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Signpost Mercedes previews its Porsche Panamera fighter Uber used secret software to hide from authorities: Report Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 4 hours ago PAUL WILSON: Our sister in the sun wonders when we’ll come We may be twins, but we’re sure not the identical kind. Latest Living Stories SEE MORE ‘Permission denied!’ as son stages palace coup Tuesday, March 7: Your daily horoscope Dear Ellie: How do I convince him to get help for depression? Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 50% off 10 lbs of Free Range Chicken Wings discount: 50% | value: $60.00 | You Save: $30.00 Time Remaining: 5 Days Put your best foot forward with customized orthotics from Hamilton Family Foot Care Clinic Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 50% off 10 lbs of Free Range Chicken Wings discount: 50% | value: $60.00 | You Save: $30.00 Time Remaining: 5 Days Falla Movers & Storage Home Opinion Commentary One way for China to stop the world’s next... | Mar 05, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 One way for China to stop the world’s next pandemic Hamilton Spectator By Adam Minter The deadliest outbreak of H7N9 bird flu since its discovery in 2013 is sweeping across China. It's caused at least 100 deaths and has been detected in half the country's provinces. So far, the virus seems to be spreading only between birds and the humans who slaughter them for food. But the potential for human-to-human transmission — the trigger for a full-blown pandemic — can't be ruled out. In response, Chinese authorities have temporarily shut down live poultry markets in some of the country's biggest cities. The strategy has been proven to work, and authorities in China and Hong Kong have deployed it for decades. But every year, so-called wet markets reopen and both new and known viruses re-emerge. If authorities won't close such markets permanently — and realistically, they can't, given how large a role the markets continue to play in China's food chain — they need to do far more to fix what's wrong with them. The good news is, that should be relatively cheap and easy to do. Over the last four decades, the retail experience in China has changed dramatically. Once relegated to state-owned outlets selling drab and shoddily made products, shoppers now flock to malls glitzier and tackier than anything in the West. The wet market — typically a crowded, open-air emporium where individual vendors sell food sourced from local farms and distributors — has stubbornly resisted change. Yet as recently as 2013, some 80 per cent of Chinese still chose to buy their fresh vegetables at such places, despite government efforts to promote modern supermarkets. The proportion will be tough to bring down. China's food production remains concentrated among hundreds of millions of farmers who, according to the country's last agriculture census, tend farms that average about 1.5 acres each. Supermarket chains have a hard time sourcing from such tiny producers. Wet markets don't, so the food they offer is often fresher and cheaper. When it comes to meat and fish in particular, Chinese prefer to see their purchase alive — and then slaughtered — to ensure that it hasn't been frozen (which damages flavour and texture — a sin in any Chinese kitchen) or been sitting around in less-than-optimal storage facilities for hours or even days. Prior to 2003, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. actually allowed live slaughtering in its Chinese outlets. The point isn't that Walmart and other modern supermarkets should return to such practices; live slaughter is a primary means of spreading virus to humans. Instead, wet markets need to be forced to modernize their own practices. It's an old tale: China's food-safety regulators lack the resources and are oftentimes uninterested in enforcing basic biosecurity and food-safety requirements in China's thousands of wet markets and millions of small farms. Temporary closures are useless if wet markets simply return to their unhygienic practices after reopening. The majority of poultry farms in China (and other developing countries) are small-scale household operations that lack modern management and basic biosecurity measures, such as separating cultivated birds from livestock (especially pigs, which are excellent incubators for flu viruses that infect humans) and household inhabitants. From the farms, these problems move into wet markets, where birds are often kept in tight cages and the mere flapping of wings can turn fecal droppings into aerosolized virus. Meanwhile, the potential mixing of bodily fluids between species during the slaughtering process remains the most dangerous point in the entire process. These practices can be changed. Large-scale, corporate poultry operations are growing in China, bringing modern biosecurity practices to China's farms and creating safe, price-competitive products. Though big farms potentially have their own biosecurity issues, they're a vast improvement on the poorly regulated hodgepodge of small operations that currently prevails. For their part, wet markets can easily improve their safety practices without going out of business. A decade ago, in the wake of the first avian flu panics, the World Health Organization published basic guidelines. The suggestions are simple and inexpensive to implement: separate slaughtering zones from selling areas, use metal or plastic cages that can be easily cleaned, discourage selling live poultry to customers and so on. The key is for the government to enforce such rules strictly, especially in the most populated areas of the country. To encourage that, Beijing should begin directly evaluating local officials for how well they promote food safety in their jurisdictions. This isn't as hard as it may sound. For decades, Chinese officials were promoted or demoted on the basis of how much economic growth and social stability they oversaw. Recently, China reformed this system to take into account how well they protected the environment as well. Food safety, always a top concern of Chinese citizens, should join the list. Officials must be made to realize that when it comes to the possibility of a pandemic, a bit of preventive medicine is as good as a cure. Adam Minter is a Bloomberg View columnist. He is the author of “Junkyard Planet: Travels in the Billion-Dollar Trash Trade.” | (0) Comments Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News Local SIU investigating after woman dies on Highway 407 at Dundas Street Snapshot Local Stadium contractor ‘extremely sorry,’ asks Hamilton for second chance Snapshot Local Local festivals land $19 million in provincial cash Snapshot Local Hamilton man wins $1 million Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Local VIDEO: Competing groups protest at city hall Food VIDEO: Bar Sazerac Local VIDEO: Glendale Falls cleanup Local Video: Jamshidi sentencing The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Clairmont: Violent offender allegedly lashes out again, attacks roommate with sword Hamilton man wins $1 million SIU investigating after woman dies on Highway 407 at Dundas Street Teen Tory MPP Sam Oosterhoff is being challenged for his Niagara seat Stadium contractor ‘extremely sorry,’ asks Hamilton for second chance In Your Neighbourhood Today 7 eco products that wow McCulloch Office & Storage Systems in Hamilton is passionate about the environment. As a leading... Look naturally beautiful with hairpieces from Unique Hairstyling and Hayers Natural, form-fitting and ravishing, the hairpieces offered at Unique Hairstyling and Hayers in... Aftermarket or OEM parts – which is best? Caledonia Auto Supply is worth a visit – if you’re an automotive enthusiast, rebuilding a car or... Diet aids for overweight felines Village Cat Clinic in Ancaster stresses the importance of nutrition for your cat because felines,... How the right packaging company can make or break your product Packaging and distribution are an essential element to the successful launch of any product, and... Fermentation and winemaking: Create your own wine in Hamilton Fermentation is a relatively simple yet fascinating process, and when paired with different grape... Tips for choosing the right fence contractor Adding a fence to your home is a big consideration, so when you want the job done with experience... Healthy aging for seniors through chiropractic care Healthy aging involves more than good genes, good diet and good luck, notes Parkside Family... Canadians don't have a saving problem – they have a fee problem, pt. 1 Bold statement, Nest Wealth. Ya. It is. Let's talk about it. It can feel like everywhere you... Give the gift of vino this Christmas season If you’re searching for the perfect Christmas gift for the wine lover in your family, look no... Helping reduce climate change through milling wood You may frown upon the harvesting of trees in the fight against climate change, but businesses like... One-stop sports shop hits home run for every fan and collector Sport fans and collectors alike will find plenty of incredibly cool sports collectables at Kee2... 5 reasons your business should give free gifts And Sew On Embroidery, Screenprinting, Promotional Products Inc. in Hamilton can help you make your... Reliable, rugged, affordable communications: Paging solutions remain tried and true Hamilton’s Spectrum Communications has been in the communications business since 1979, and it’s... Bulletproof Heating & Cooling Bulletproof Heating & Cooling in Hamilton, Ontario, services Southern Ontario with top brands and... Great takeout means both convenience and quality Hi-Line Centre Pizza & Wings in Hamilton isn’t just about food; it’s about convenience. With your... Eating fish is good for you, but owning them may be even better Having a stocked aquarium in your home could improve your mental and physical health, and the team... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... How to prep for a move: 7 great tips Dewitt Movers & Storage in Dundas has over 50 years of moving expertise, so they know that moving... De-stress with a day at the spa The beauty experts at Mercedes Salon & Day Spa in Hamilton know the importance of taking the time... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Up to 70% off at Boston Pizza $6 View Deal 47% off Authentic Mexican Cuisine $29 View Deal Up to 50% off Dinner at the Anchor Bar $15 View Deal 50% off 10 lbs of Free Range Chicken Wings $30 View Deal 50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People $55 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal 50% off Pub Fare $15 View Deal View All Deals MORE COMMENTARY School violence is a crisis, and parents need to speak up Highway of horrors, not heroes Dutch election Donald Trump’s aggressive isolationism: Walkom DRESCHEL: Hamilton embraces ‘urban barn-raising’ for Westdale Theatre renos PreviousNext Prime Minister Justin Trudeau preaches patience: Paul Wells Increasing the capital gains tax bad for budding startup economy TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Go Cooking Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com National March 5, 2017 2:27 PM Girl who shot herself as a toddler will be scarred for life. So will her mother Jessica Piascik, 29, gets her daughter Mackenzie, right, ready for school on Aug. 15, 2016, in New Port Richey, Fla. Mackenzie rarely eats an entire meal in one sitting. Her stomach can’t handle it. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik’s then-boyfriend, Ralph Ronzino. John Pendygraft AP On March 26, 2010, Jessica Piascik’s daughter, Mackenzie, 9, pictured at her home in New Port Richey, Fla. in January 2017, shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik’s then-boyfriend, Ralph Ronzino. Mackenzie doesn’t remember shooting herself, but she feels the effects. John Pendygraft AP Jessica Piascik, 29, watches her daughter Mackenzie, 9, get ready for school last August in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik’s then-boyfriend, Ralph Ronzino. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. John Pendygraft AP Jessica Piascik puts her daughter Mackenzie to bed on Jan. 5, 2017, in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik’s then-boyfriend, Ralph Ronzino. John Pendygraft AP This photo taken Jan. 5, 2017, shows Mackenzie Piascik, 9, participating in karate at VIP International Krav Maga and Martial Arts Academy in Odessa, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by her mother’s then-boyfriend, Ralph Ronzino. John Pendygraft AP In this March 26, 2010, photo, medical personnel assist then 2-year-old Mackenzie Piascik, who accidentally shot herself, in Port Richey, Fla. Fitterer, Brendan AP 1 of 6 i By KATHLEEN MCGRORY Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story PORT RICHEY, Fla. It sounded like a picture frame hitting the floor. “Mackenzie?” Jessica Piascik called out to her 2-year-old daughter, who moments earlier had darted into the master bedroom. No answer. Piascik hurried to the girl. She found Mackenzie standing near the bed, her brown eyes unusually wide. The toddler took a slow step toward her mother, reached out her arms. The back of her Tinkerbell nightgown was wet with blood. Beside her, a silver-and-black handgun on the floor caught the morning light. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. For a young child, a gunshot wound is a particularly devastating medical event. It may seem obvious, but that’s partly because kids have smaller, more compact bodies than adults. A bullet that travels 6 inches through a child can hit more organs than a bullet that travels the same distance in an adult. Kids who survive often suffer lifelong consequences. “Their lives are forever changed,” said Dr. Judy Schaechter, chair of the University of Miami Health System pediatrics department. In Mackenzie’s case, the bullet bore into her belly and escaped through her back, damaging at least four major organs and causing a critical loss of blood. “It was the worst moment,” her mother recalled. “We literally didn’t know if she would live or die.” Why the gun was out The night before Mackenzie stumbled upon the handgun, Piascik heard what sounded like a gunshot outside her Port Richey home. Her boyfriend at the time, Ralph Ronzino, went out to take a look, .380-caliber pistol in hand. Months earlier, someone had broken into the couple’s car. But on this Thursday in March 2010, Ronzino didn’t find anyone suspicious in the driveway. He searched the yard, then came inside to check the closets and bathrooms. Ronzino wore the gun “on his person” for the rest of the night, according to the police report. When he retired to the bedroom, he placed it within easy reach on the night table. The alarm clock sounded early the next morning. A plumber was coming at 9 a.m. to fix the kitchen sink, and Piascik’s grandparents were flying in from Pennsylvania later in the day. Ronzino made a trip to Walmart to buy blinds and cleaning supplies. Piascik started to straighten up. That’s when Mackenzie took off. Mackenzie liked the master bedroom; the 10-gallon fish tank fascinated her. Piascik didn’t know Ronzino had left his pistol on the night table. Until that point, he had kept his firearms in another room. After finding Mackenzie bleeding, Piascik lunged for the phone. “Help me. Help me. Help me,” she begged the 911 operator. The operator instructed her to hold a clean towel against the wound on Mackenzie’s back. She grabbed a clean diaper first; it didn’t work. She scanned the room, spotted a tan dish towel in a pile of clean laundry. “Oh my God,” she cried into the phone. “What’s gonna happen?” Piascik kept pressure on the towel and held Mackenzie’s hand until the paramedics arrived. They lifted the 25-pound, not-quite-3-foot toddler onto a stretcher and took her by helicopter to a specialized trauma center in St. Petersburg. Piascik had to stay behind with the police. Two hours later, when detectives allowed her to leave, she called the hospital. The woman on the phone urged her to come quickly. “A chaplain will meet you outside.” A team of surgeons, anesthesiologists, nurses and technicians crowded around Mackenzie in the trauma bay. They could tell instantly that hers was a serious case. The bullet had singed the skin underneath Mackenzie’s ribs. It sent so much energy through her body, her tissue had expanded like a balloon, then quickly collapsed on itself. The round ricocheted between her tightly packed organs, a tiny pinball that bruised her pancreas, nicked her liver, and tore her stomach from her intestine. In its final act of destruction, it left a gaping hole on her right side near her back. The trauma team had to work quickly. In an adult, the loss of blood can raise the heart rate as the body diverts blood to essential organs such as the brain, heart and kidneys. A child has less blood to go around and can sustain the response for only so long. “With kids, we have less time to intervene,” said Dr. Paul Danielson, the pediatric trauma surgeon at Johns Hopkins All Children’s Hospital who directed Mackenzie’s care. A top priority: Mackenzie’s digestive system. There was too much damage to simply reattach her stomach to her intestine. Instead, surgeons had to connect the organs at a different point, creating a new pathway for food to travel. They closed the other tears in her stomach and intestines, repaired her liver, removed the injured tissue. The procedure took about 2 hours and 30 minutes. Mackenzie emerged from surgery with bandages stretched across her belly. Her skin had a translucent quality. Nearly a dozen tubes jutted from her body. Her mother cried tears of relief when she saw her. Still, the next few hours would be critical. Mackenzie could easily crash. Danielson and his team would pay close attention to her breathing and blood pressure throughout the night. 35 days in the hospital A gunshot wound is just about the most serious injury a kid can sustain. In 2013, a study in the journal Pediatrics found that kids who were shot were more likely to need major surgery than kids injured in any other way. They were also the most expensive to treat, and the most likely to die in the hospital. “There’s very often serious residual disability, physical and psychological,” said Dr. Garen J. Wintemute, a professor at the University of California Davis School of Medicine and one of the study’s authors. “It can mean lots of trips back to the hospital. The consequences radiate outward from there.” Mackenzie’s stay at All Children’s Hospital lasted 35 days. The total charges, including the surgery and her time in the intensive care unit, added up to more than $484,000, most of which was covered by Medicaid. When it was time for Mackenzie to go home, Piascik combed her daughter’s unruly hair and painted her toenails pink. She dressed Mackenzie in a yellow frock with a ladybug on the skirt, taking care not to move the tubes that still extended from her body. Mother and daughter spent the next several months with Piascik’s parents. Piascik and Ronzino were no longer speaking; he faced criminal charges for leaving the gun accessible to a child and marijuana possession. At home, Piascik took on the role of nurse. She peeled the bandages from Mackenzie’s skin, cleaned the surgical wounds on her belly, and gave her daily blood-thinner injections. She also had to help her daughter cope. Some kids respond to trauma by returning to behaviors they had long moved on from, like sucking their thumbs. Others lose interest in things they once loved. A trauma that happens early enough can cause a developing brain to be on “threat-detection mode” all the time, making the child afraid to take risks or explore unfamiliar places, said Pat Levitt, who directs the graduate program in neuroscience at the University of Southern California. “Everything in your environment becomes scary,” Levitt said. Mackenzie’s world became scary at night. The first time she had a night terror – the night she came home from the hospital – Mackenzie was sleeping in bed with her mother. Suddenly, she started to wail. She flailed her arms and legs violently, like she was having a seizure. Piascik sprang from the bed and flipped on the light. She wrapped her daughter in a tight embrace and rocked her slowly. It took several minutes for her to wake up and calm down. “Just a nightmare,” the mother said. “You’re safe, baby.” It continued that way for the next two years. Seven years later Nearly seven years have passed since Mackenzie was shot. She’s 9 years old, a devoted Girl Scout who plays goalie for her youth soccer team and loves karate. One day, she wants to be a dentist or a doctor. Or a helicopter pilot who flies sick people to the hospital. Mackenzie doesn’t remember the accident. She no longer needs blood thinner injections or screams in her sleep. But there are reminders. She can’t eat large meals and sometimes needs her mother to rub her belly to relieve the pain. This past Halloween, after changing into her Monster High costume, Mackenzie started vomiting. She was in too much pain to trick-or-treat. Piascik rushed her daughter to the closest emergency room, but the doctors there were at a loss. They transferred her nearly 50 miles to All Children’s, where she was treated in 2010. A specialist later theorized that the scar tissue in Mackenzie’s abdominal cavity had caused a partial blockage of her intestines. She was released three days later. All of their lives are different now. Ronzino pleaded no contest to failing to secure a firearm around a child and marijuana possession, and served two years in prison. He did not return calls from the Times. Piascik trusts very few people around her children. Firearms frighten her. She once had to leave the office where she works when a client came in carrying a concealed weapon. “Mackenzie has the physical scars,” she said on a recent afternoon. “I have the emotional scars.” Mackenzie takes it all in stride. Her scars, she says, are actually kind of neat. The longest one runs the length of her belly and is surrounded by smaller marks that radiate out like tiny beams of light. “The sunshine,” she calls it. This photo provided by the Pasco County Sheriff’s Office shows Ralph Ronzino, who was charged with child neglect in March 2010 after his girlfriend’s daughter accidentally shot herself with a gun she found in the home. AP i Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:13 Music professor says creative learning can translate to any field Pause 1:50 States Take Tougher Stance on Protests 0:36 A tale of two rental houses in Fort Worth 1:05 Court hearing on Miami-Dade mayor's Trump-friendly policy to jail people slated for deportation 2:15 Mother fights for changes after death of son to opioids 4:45 UK travel channel features Miami's art scene 2:08 Inmate tries to choke detention deputy with towel 0:50 Dragon and Progress ships race to resupply International Space Station 1:50 Trump administration announces new travel ban 2:39 Guantánamo: Ready to grow Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 17 hours ago Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 1:15 17 hours ago Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 3:09 4 days ago Millennials ask: What's it like to retire? 1:50 5 days ago States Take Tougher Stance on Protests View more video National As his young son dies, a father tries to squeeze a lifetime into a few months Trump signs new anti-terror travel ban _without new fanfare Supreme Court won't say if trans teen can pick bathroom Robert Osborne, genial face of TCM, dead at 84 Families of 9/11 victims might soon get day in court against Saudi officials Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
CONTACT US SPONSOR A POST ADVERTISE WITH GAS 2 Privacy Policy Hybrid / EV EVs Charging Hybrids Biofuels Algae Biodiesel Ethanol Car Hacks / DIY Cycles Bicycles Motorcycles Scooters Motorsports Formula 1 Formula E IMSA IndyCar Pikes Peak 24 Hours of Le Mans Search → US Economy Published on March 5th, 2017 | by Steve Hanley 9 Border Adjustment Tax Bluster Could Blow Back On American Consumers March 5th, 2017 by Steve Hanley    The Border Adjustment Tax idea began with Donald Trump, who loves making policy that fits in a Tweet. Sadly, he is often short on details about how his hyperbolic histrionics might actually work or what impact his blandishments may have on the very people whose interests he purports to be promoting. Trump’s blather about Mexican imports resonates with his supporters. Build a wall! Make Mexico pay for it! Protect American jobs! Put America first! All that sloganeering plays well in Peoria. “Currently, when we ship products out of America, many other countries make us pay very high tariffs and taxes, but when foreign companies ship their products into America, we charge them nothing or almost nothing,” Trump told a joint session of Congress last week. Trade Is Not Always Fair His words are not without a basis in fact, especially as it applies to China. That country prohibits an American company from manufacturing products within its borders unless it enters into a 50–50 partnership with a Chinese company first. That means they also have to share all intellectual property associated with producing the products. Chinese companies wishing to do business in the US are under no such obligation. That hardly seems fair. Trump has an almost pathological hatred of Mexico and all the people who live there, referring to them repeatedly as murderers, drug dealers, and rapists. His border tax idea seems rooted more in his desire to punish Mexico and its people than in any economic reality. His tirades completely overlook the fact that Mexico is also one of America’s biggest trading partners. Many American jobs are made possible by manufacturing items for sale south of the border. Cheap goods manufactured elsewhere have been the engine that has driven the American economy to new heights over the past 20 years. Walmart would still be a tiny little dry goods store in a sleepy town in Arkansas were it not for globalization. Border Adjustment Tax Proposed By Republicans Emboldened by all of The Donald’s pandering to his base, Republicans in Congress have decided they want to do some pandering of their own. They have introduced legislation that would levy an across the board 20% Border Adjustment Tax (BAT) on automobiles and automotive parts shipped into the US from other countries, not just Mexico. The Republicans want to bask in the “We’re making America great again” balderdash being doled out by the same man they all ran away from before the election because they thought he was a raving lunatic. But if sucking up to fear filled voters worked for Trump, it might just work for them, too, so now they are running to embrace him, hoping some of his luster will rub off on them when the 2018 off-year elections roll around, The Border Tax Is Simpleminded Auto analyst Alan Baum says it is simpleminded to assume suppliers or carmakers can just flip a switch and suddenly in-source their overseas manufacturing. “We’re at a peak in the market. Politicians want more direct investment in US manufacturing, but this is the exact wrong timing.” Baum says the BAT could shrink the automotive sector by 6.5% or 1.1 million vehicles. “So now the industry would be hurting, and you’re asking them to reinvest in US production, which is absurd.” Car dealers are also less than pleased with the BAT idea. “This is a really fragile time,” says Paul Ritchie, who owns a Kia and Honda dealership in Hagerstown, Maryland, and a Honda dealership in Altoona, Pennsylvania. “The average consumer hasn’t seen much of an income increase, but car prices keep going up.” Jason Courter is the chief operating officer of two Honda dealers in the state of Washington. He worries that the border tax would also affect the mix of cars available to drivers in the US. If automakers can’t make a profit on some models, they just won’t be sold in the US any more. That means less competition, which will drive prices up even more. “That’s really strange. This vote [the 2016 election] was supposed to be about less government, but this is about government handcuffing the free market.” Dealers To Testify Before Congress Cody Lusk is chairman of the American International Automobile Dealers Association. Lusk is blunt about the BAT. “It’s a recipe for disaster. It’s a tax on consumers, and it means the average car payment goes up by almost $100 a month — and that’s on a car that just goes up by a $2,000 sticker.” Lusk is concerned the BAT could plunge the US back into a recession. That’s the message he is sending to members of the AIADA. He is urging them to come to Washington to testify to Congress on March 8 and let elected officials know that they are playing with fire. One dealer who says he will be there is Dave Conant, head of Conant Auto Group in Irvine, California. His organization has 1,300 employees and sells $1.2 billion worth of cars annually. One of its dealerships, Norm Reeves Honda, is consistently the biggest Honda dealership by volume in the world. Car Sales Are Vital To American Communities Conant is going to Washington because he thinks Congress don’t understand how important car sales are to local communities. It doesn’t matter if the cars on the floor are Fords or Hondas.  Even domestic brands import a lot of their parts and will be hurt by a border tax. “I don’t expect customers to think about any of this when they come to buy a car,” Conant says. “If they can’t afford the payment, that’s why they walk out the door.” Conant wants to tell Congress that sales tax, property tax, and all of the other parts of the economy that are based on the sale of automobiles, including insurance and repair businesses, are vitally important to the revenue streams of local governments. “When we sit down with city managers, they tell us that we’re paying for the parks department, the police, the sheriffs, all of it.” That’s no exaggeration. A 2015 Center for Automotive Research study found that nearly 7 million Americans are employed directly or indirectly in the auto sector. Combined, they earn half a trillion dollars in income and pay about $300 billion in taxes every year. Tweeting Is Not The Same As Governing Last week, Donald Trump admitted that the healthcare industry is really, really complicated. This may have been news to the Blusterer in Chief, but it comes as no surprise to anyone who knows anything about healthcare. Here’s a flash for The Donald and Congressional Republicans: The automotive industry and global trade are also really, really complicated and should be left to professionals, not poseurs trying to pump up their street cred in advance of the next election. Tweeting is not governing. Trump acts like a person playing chess for the first time. He is unable to see even one move ahead. He and his Republican acolytes are preparing the US economy for a train wreck of epic proportions. As usual, it is the little people who will pay the price for the buffoonery that passes for leadership in the Washington at the moment. Source: Autoblog | Photo by Gage Skidmore (some rights reserved) Share: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Tags: AIADA, Border Adjustment Tax, China trade policy, Donald Trump border tax, US auto industry, US jobs in auto industry, US trade policy About the Author Steve Hanley I have been a car nut since the days when Rob Walker and Henry N. Manney, III graced the pages of Road & Track. Today, I use my trusty Miata for TSD rallies and occasional track days at Lime Rock and Watkins Glen. If it moves on wheels, I'm interested in it. Please follow me on Google + and Twitter. Related Posts No related posts found! Epicurus “[China] prohibits an American company from manufacturing products within its borders unless it enters into a 50-50 partnership with a Chinese company first. That means they also have to share all intellectual property associated with producing the products. Chinese companies wishing to do business in the US are under no such obligation.” Trump and Bernie were the only politicians to discuss how unfair our trade policies are. Hillary had no credibility on the issue, even after she finally disavowed the TPP, but the Dem Party establishment put its thumb on the scale for Hillary anyway even though she was hated by 55% of the electorate before she even got the nomination. Post election polls reveal that Bernie would have beaten Trump handily, but, let’s face facts, establishment Democrats would rather lose to a Republican than win with a progressive. Hillary’s loss had nothing to do with Russia, Comey, or with emails except how they exposed the truth about her and her campaign. Establishment Democrats now complain that the voters should not have been exposed to the truth. Join Justice Democrats and sign the Draft Bernie petition. The Democratic Party must change or die. WebUserAtLarge I agree that Bernie Sanders should have been the Dem. nominee. At the very least there should not have been an internal agenda/campaign to derail his nomination. Nobody can make China dictate it’s policies, of coarse. But maybe a balance can be reached by requiring Chinese companies wishing to do business in US (and elsewhere) to adhere to similar constraints (50/50 partnership, etc). Epicurus Right. What’s good for the goose is good for the gander. Funny how no previous president could think of that. Of course they could, but they served their corporate donors, not the American people, just as most politicians do in our sham democracy. Burnerjack Hear about the “Bernie Sanders’ Drinking Game”? Every time Bernie mentions a new ‘free’ government program, you get to drink somebody else’s beer. airchompers To clarify, the dealers who say that the border adjustment tax will be a disaster are the same dealers who say that Tesla’s direct sales will be a disaster right? Sounds like another special interest that needs the laws protecting it to go! trackdaze those dealers and car companors are the ones that were ok with it. Its the ones that want you and i to pay a protection tax on cars not produced in this country that sought protection from direct sales. Burnerjack BINGO! You can choose anything on the top shelf. trackdaze Just make it a border adjustment tax for carbon. Payable only on cars produced in highly polluting countries and or with no accredited carbon free energy used in its production. So something like a Nuclear powered france? gets a free pass. Hydro and wind powered sweden?, Free pass. A car produced in a country with emmissions higher than the US or a threshold that picks up lagards or non performers? But has used accredited carbon free power to produce the vehicle? 50% rebate. Steve Hanley The tax has nothing to do with environmental concerns, unfortunately. Otherwise, your idea would be a good one. Back to Top ↑ Advertisement Top Posts & Pages Dynamic Charging From Honda Would Cost Less Than Charging Infrastructure Top 5 Reasons to NOT Convert Your Car to Propane or LPG Solid-State Battery May Be Next Great Leap Forward In Technology The 11 Best Fuel Efficient Motorcycles You Can Buy in 2016 The 11 Best Fuel-efficient Motorcycles You Can Buy in 2015 Border Adjustment Tax Bluster Could Blow Back On American Consumers Workhorse Has 1,000 Orders For Plug-in Hybrid Electric Pickup Truck Advertisement Get Our News Daily! Subscribe to our mailing list Advertisement Fastest Electric Cars *17 Quickest Electric Cars On The Market *10 Ferraris, Lamborghinis, Porsches, & McLarens The Ludicrous Tesla Model S Is Quicker Than Featured New Car Reviews *4 States + 1000 Miles in the Mitsubishi Outlander *Mitsubishi Outlander Plug-In Hybrid *2015 Toyota Auris Hybrid *1000 Mile Test Drive: 2014 Chevy Cruze Diesel *Mitsubishi Mirage CVT: Driving the Highest MPG Car in America *The 50 MPG Honda Accord Hybrid Featured Motorcycle Posts *The World’s Most Perfect Vespa *Hero Launches Turbo Diesel Motorcycle *Yamaha’s All-Electric Ecosystem *The 13 Best High MPG Motorcycles of 2013 The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries.   Search the IM Network Gas 2 is a Technorati Top 10 blog, and part of the Important Media network of blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. © 2014   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. CONTACT US SPONSOR A POST ADVERTISE WITH GAS 2 Privacy Policy Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #InfosysVsFounders #Demonetisation #Budget2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Others Li cuts GDP target to 6.5%; skips reference to defence budget Business Standard A better way to track various commodities? Blockchain being applied to real-world problems like tracking pork chops, footwear Nathaniel Popper & Steve Lohr | NYT  March 5, 2017 Last Updated at 22:38 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UU7qOa Global shipping giant Maersk is expected to announce it is using IBM’s version of the blockchain to track its cargo consignments Photo: BLOOMBERG ALSO READ Apple, IBM, Microsoft back transgender teen at Supreme Court Microsoft, IBM among 11 firms selected for govt cloud service Microsoft, JPMorgan to unveil virtual currency-based systems Bitcoin jumps above $1,000 for the first time in three years Unocoin launches bitcoin app on iOS, Android platforms Frank Yiannas has spent years looking in vain for a better way to track lettuce, steaks and snack cakes from farm and factory to the shelves of Walmart, where he is the vice-president for food safety. When the company dealt with salmonella outbreaks, it often took weeks to trace where the bad ingredients came from. Then, last year, IBM executives flew to Walmart’s headquarters in Arkansas to propose a solution: the blockchain. As Yiannas studied their pitch, he said, “I became increasingly convinced that maybe we were on to the holy grail.” The blockchain — the buzzy, bewildering technology behind cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin — is starting to be applied to real-world problems like tracking pork chops, shipping containers and footwear with a speed and security not currently possible. The IBM-Walmart partnership is one of the biggest practical tests to date. At its heart, blockchain simply refers to a bookkeeping method that “chains” together entries so that they are very difficult to modify later. It provides a way for large groups of unrelated companies to jointly keep a secure and reliable record of their transactions. IBM is trying to position itself at the forefront of the heated competition for practical uses of this arcane idea. Walmart is just one of 400 IBM clients testing it out, and IBM now has around 650 employees dedicated to the technology. The most immediate business opportunities are in the financial world as a tool to track and trade stocks, bonds and other assets. But in the next week, Maersk, the global shipping giant, is expected to announce it is using IBM’s version of the blockchain to track the avocados, flowers and machine parts it carries on its enormous cargo ships. Last month, the government of Dubai said it was working with IBM to trace the goods flowing through its ports. Yet success is far from assured. Rival Microsoft said this past week that it was working with J P Morgan Chase and several other corporate giants on a system that competes against IBM’s, based on the virtual currency network known as Ethereum. Many banks are concerned that IBM could push them into a version of the blockchain that would lock them into IBM’s software. “We believe with 100 per cent certainty that it’s going to matter,” Mark Russinovich, the head of Microsoft’s blockchain efforts, said of the technology. “It’s a question of where’s its going to matter and how it’s going to matter.” It was Bitcoin that first caught the attention of IBM researchers, and everyone else. Bitcoin, born in 2009, represented a novel idea in the financial world. Unlike, say, dollars or yen, Bitcoins are virtual tokens, unaffiliated with any nation. Anyone can open a wallet and receive Bitcoins — without providing any identifying information — and transactions are recorded on a universal ledger that is visible to everyone. Drug dealers have embraced its relative anonymity.  © 2017 New York Times News Service Read More On Commodity | Ibm | Bitcoin | Microsoft | International | Others PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? A better way to track various commodities? Blockchain being applied to real-world problems like tracking pork chops, footwear Blockchain being applied to real-world problems like tracking pork chops, footwear Frank Yiannas has spent years looking in vain for a better way to track lettuce, steaks and snack cakes from farm and factory to the shelves of Walmart, where he is the vice-president for food safety. When the company dealt with salmonella outbreaks, it often took weeks to trace where the bad ingredients came from. Then, last year, IBM executives flew to Walmart’s headquarters in Arkansas to propose a solution: the blockchain. As Yiannas studied their pitch, he said, “I became increasingly convinced that maybe we were on to the holy grail.” The blockchain — the buzzy, bewildering technology behind cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin — is starting to be applied to real-world problems like tracking pork chops, shipping containers and footwear with a speed and security not currently possible. The IBM-Walmart partnership is one of the biggest practical tests to date. At its heart, blockchain simply refers to a bookkeeping method that “chains” together entries so that they are very difficult to modify later. It provides a way for large groups of unrelated companies to jointly keep a secure and reliable record of their transactions. IBM is trying to position itself at the forefront of the heated competition for practical uses of this arcane idea. Walmart is just one of 400 IBM clients testing it out, and IBM now has around 650 employees dedicated to the technology. The most immediate business opportunities are in the financial world as a tool to track and trade stocks, bonds and other assets. But in the next week, Maersk, the global shipping giant, is expected to announce it is using IBM’s version of the blockchain to track the avocados, flowers and machine parts it carries on its enormous cargo ships. Last month, the government of Dubai said it was working with IBM to trace the goods flowing through its ports. Yet success is far from assured. Rival Microsoft said this past week that it was working with J P Morgan Chase and several other corporate giants on a system that competes against IBM’s, based on the virtual currency network known as Ethereum. Many banks are concerned that IBM could push them into a version of the blockchain that would lock them into IBM’s software. “We believe with 100 per cent certainty that it’s going to matter,” Mark Russinovich, the head of Microsoft’s blockchain efforts, said of the technology. “It’s a question of where’s its going to matter and how it’s going to matter.” It was Bitcoin that first caught the attention of IBM researchers, and everyone else. Bitcoin, born in 2009, represented a novel idea in the financial world. Unlike, say, dollars or yen, Bitcoins are virtual tokens, unaffiliated with any nation. Anyone can open a wallet and receive Bitcoins — without providing any identifying information — and transactions are recorded on a universal ledger that is visible to everyone. Drug dealers have embraced its relative anonymity.  © 2017 New York Times News Service Nathaniel Popper & Steve Lohr | NYT Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 A better way to track various commodities? Blockchain being applied to real-world problems like tracking pork chops, footwear Frank Yiannas has spent years looking in vain for a better way to track lettuce, steaks and snack cakes from farm and factory to the shelves of Walmart, where he is the vice-president for food safety. When the company dealt with salmonella outbreaks, it often took weeks to trace where the bad ingredients came from. Then, last year, IBM executives flew to Walmart’s headquarters in Arkansas to propose a solution: the blockchain. As Yiannas studied their pitch, he said, “I became increasingly convinced that maybe we were on to the holy grail.” The blockchain — the buzzy, bewildering technology behind cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin — is starting to be applied to real-world problems like tracking pork chops, shipping containers and footwear with a speed and security not currently possible. The IBM-Walmart partnership is one of the biggest practical tests to date. At its heart, blockchain simply refers to a bookkeeping method that “chains” together entries so that they are very difficult to modify later. It provides a way for large groups of unrelated companies to jointly keep a secure and reliable record of their transactions. IBM is trying to position itself at the forefront of the heated competition for practical uses of this arcane idea. Walmart is just one of 400 IBM clients testing it out, and IBM now has around 650 employees dedicated to the technology. The most immediate business opportunities are in the financial world as a tool to track and trade stocks, bonds and other assets. But in the next week, Maersk, the global shipping giant, is expected to announce it is using IBM’s version of the blockchain to track the avocados, flowers and machine parts it carries on its enormous cargo ships. Last month, the government of Dubai said it was working with IBM to trace the goods flowing through its ports. Yet success is far from assured. Rival Microsoft said this past week that it was working with J P Morgan Chase and several other corporate giants on a system that competes against IBM’s, based on the virtual currency network known as Ethereum. Many banks are concerned that IBM could push them into a version of the blockchain that would lock them into IBM’s software. “We believe with 100 per cent certainty that it’s going to matter,” Mark Russinovich, the head of Microsoft’s blockchain efforts, said of the technology. “It’s a question of where’s its going to matter and how it’s going to matter.” It was Bitcoin that first caught the attention of IBM researchers, and everyone else. Bitcoin, born in 2009, represented a novel idea in the financial world. Unlike, say, dollars or yen, Bitcoins are virtual tokens, unaffiliated with any nation. Anyone can open a wallet and receive Bitcoins — without providing any identifying information — and transactions are recorded on a universal ledger that is visible to everyone. Drug dealers have embraced its relative anonymity.  © 2017 New York Times News Service Nathaniel Popper & Steve Lohr | NYT Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Tech Home Computers Google Video Games Military Tech War Games Slideshows Computers Tech Q&A: Filing your taxes online, finding great shipping deals By Kim Komando Published March 05, 2017 The Kim Komando Show Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print  (Amazon) Keep information private Q: I am very concerned that my name, address, and relatives are listed at the FamilyTreeNow site. How can I remove my personal information from this site? It’s a privacy nightmare! A: Genealogical sites can help you figure out your ancestry using digitized public records. To that end, these archives are a lot of harmless fun. But most people would be astonished how much information people can find out about you. Aspiring identity thieves can use these sites as a cheat-sheet for finding basic personal data. There is a way to keep your data private, and not just from FamilyTreeNow, but from other aggregates as well. Click here for links to remove your personal data from FamilyTreeNow and others you may have never heard of. Filing taxes online Q: I would like to do my taxes online this year. What are the best sites to use? A: Doing your taxes online has become incredibly popular in the past decade. That is, most people now use online services to fill out their final paperwork. The simple menus and calculations make the whole process streamlined and stress-free, especially when you’re a fulltime employee with a simple W-2. Most of these services have a free version, but if your taxes are a little more complicated, or you’re dealing with a bunch of different 1099s from your independent contractor job, you might feel better with a paid subscription. After all, it’s a write-off! Click here to learn about the best tax-preparation services online. Shopping Amazon vs. Walmart Q: I do a lot of shopping online. Who offers the best free shipping? A: Right now, the big battle is being waged between Amazon and Walmart. Both companies ship packages to almost anywhere in the world. Both companies have access to nearly every kind of commodity that exists. Both companies even offer free two-day shipping on orders of $35 or more. There are differences between the two companies that will help you decide which site you prefer. They may seem subtle, but it should become clear which type suits your lifestyle better. Click here to compare the two services. Switch carriers with the same phone Q: How hard is it to switch carriers? Verizon has a better deal, but I don’t know where to start. A: At long last, consumers are showing some control over the big carriers. Once your contract expires, you’re free to try another company. Or you could buy yourself out of your current contract and use a prepaid plan to avoid signing on the dotted line. But the big question is this: Do you want to keep using your current smart phone? Companies sometimes make this process challenging, because they want you to buy a new phone too. If you’re patient, you have options, and your phone might just carry over. Click here to learn about “unlocking” your smart phone. Liven up an old computer Q: I have an older PC. I tried to install Linux but it’s too hard to use. What else can I do with it? A: Acquiring an older computer can sometimes feel like a diamond in the rough. They’re usually dirt-cheap, and if all you need is a word processor and access to the internet, you’ll find zillions of old units floating around, waiting to feel useful again. There is the question of an operating system, and as you already know, Linux is the traditional standby. But if you’re not quite that computer-savvy, there is another operating system that can ease you through the process of rebooting an old PC. Click here to learn the secrets of Google Chrome. What questions do you have? Call my national radio show and click here to find it on your local radio station. You can listen to the Kim Komando Show on your phone, tablet or computer. From buying advice to digital life issues, click here for my free podcasts. Copyright 2017, WestStar Multimedia Entertainment. All rights reserved. Learn about all the latest technology on the Kim Komando Show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show. Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, free newsletters and more, visit her website at Komando.com Advertisement TRENDING IN TECH 1 Woman brandishes gun, scares off drone 2 Man suffers fatal heart attack after catching one of the rarest creatures in 'Pokemon Go,' report says 3 Lightning-fast robot clinches Rubik's Cube world record 4 Mysterious 'ghost man' appears in teen's selfie 5 IBM plans to build the first commercially available universal quantum computer See all Trends Scitech Connect Subscribe to the daily Geek Sheet for the top science and technology stories. Thank you! Your subscription has been submitted. Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos Business The Dirt: Big 5 taking over space in Spokane Valley SUNDAY, MARCH 5, 2017, 5 A.M. By Treva Lind treval@spokesman.com(509) 459-5439 Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS A Big 5 Sporting Goods outlet will take over space in Spokane Valley where a Hancock Fabrics store closed a year ago. The retailer will occupy about 13,400 square feet at 15735 E. Broadway Ave. after tenant improvements, according to a building permit with city of Spokane Valley. It’s in a small retail strip near the Wal-Mart store. Two Spokane-area Hancock Fabrics, including the one on Broadway, closed a year ago as part of a bankruptcy declared by the Mississipi-based fabric retailer. The other store was at 1020 W. Francis in Spokane. Big 5 Sporting Goods has other area outlets at 5725 E. Sprague St. and 7501 N. Division St. in Spokane, and 101 Best Ave. in Coeur d’Alene. Hand therapy office moves Spokane Occupational & Hand Therapy has moved its north Spokane office to 5905 N. Mayfair in Spokane. The provider along with its sister company Inspire Physical Therapy will occupy nearly 6,000 square feet on the first floor of a newly constructed building. McCloskey Construction Inc., of Spokane, built the structure, which is being managed by NAI Black. The new clinic is located across the street from Holy Family Hospital and joins Spokane Occupational & Hand Therapy’s other two outlets in downtown near the lower South Hill and in Spokane Valley. Multifamily projects sell Two multifamily properties recently sold. Paul and Cathy Vanstedum purchased the 4,300-square-foot residential building at 1101 W. Maxwell Ave. in Spokane. At the other site, Issaac Wilson was the buyer of property at 612 S. Walnut St. in Spokane. That structure has nearly 7,000 square feet. Let us know about new businesses, construction projects, expansions or relocations. Send items to The Dirt at TrevaL@spokesman.com, or call (509) 459-5439. Published: March 5, 2017, 5 a.m.  Tags: Big 5 Sporting Goods, multifamily property, Spokane Occupational & Hand Therapy Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
CLOSE Local All Local Community Bridal Fair Community Links Events Local Gas Prices Hoosier Harvest Woman of the Year Around Town Go! Guide Local News Local Sports Local Business Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Weather Mike Pence Events Nuptials Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Obituaries Magazines Record Book News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Lifestyle Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Monster Jobs Place an ad Classifieds front page Contact Us Phone and Email list About Us Advertise With Us Submissions Submit an event Submit a News Tip Submit a Letter to the Editor Submit to Around Town Submit “Take Your Best Shot” Photo Submit an Engagement Announcement Submit a Wedding Announcement Submit an Anniversary Announcement Submit to the Neighbors Page Woman of the Year Nomination Subscribe Media Partners Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Manage your account Reset your password The Republic Archives E-Edition Apps Directory Go! Guide Around Town E-Edition Subscribe Weather Events Local Directory Buy Photos Local All Local Community Bridal Fair Community Links Events Local Gas Prices Hoosier Harvest Woman of the Year Around Town Go! Guide Local News Local Sports Local Business Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Weather Mike Pence Events Nuptials Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Obituaries Magazines Record Book News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Lifestyle Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Monster Jobs Place an ad Classifieds front page Contact Us Phone and Email list About Us Advertise With Us Submissions Submit an event Submit a News Tip Submit a Letter to the Editor Submit to Around Town Submit “Take Your Best Shot” Photo Submit an Engagement Announcement Submit a Wedding Announcement Submit an Anniversary Announcement Submit to the Neighbors Page Woman of the Year Nomination Subscribe Media Partners Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Manage your account Reset your password The Republic Archives E-Edition Apps Directory Local Features Lifestyle Around Town – March 5 By Staff Reports - 3/4/17 3:35 PM Orchids to … • Flintwood Wesleyan Church’s senior adult ministry for the luncheon which was an awesome meal. • Jestin at the west side Walmart for being so patient while helping my husband with his phone. • train employees for keeping us safe. • Dr. Nicholas Hollenkamp at ENT along with Jana and Susan for being such caring and passionate human beings during the emergency I had. • the city for putting the new guardrail up on North Terrace Lake Road. • Cynthia McMillin for the very insightful letter about the vitality of a free press to democracy. • Shane, a manager at Kroger Marketplace, for being an example of a fine person, from a customer. • Columbus Regional Hospital, Dr. Kiser and all six tower nurses and staff for the wonderful care and compassion given to Averill, from the McClure family. • Kenneth Landreth for his letter in Saturday’s paper because it is so true. Happy Birthday to … • April Retz, from Chris, Braelynn, Dad, Missy, Katie, Tommi, Lily and Grandma. • J.T. Hull. • Harold Sims. • John Benjamin Harker. • John E. Harker. • Casey Miller. • Anna Sneed. • Dylan Hodson, from Pastor Lewis Burton and The Who So Ever Will Community Church. • Pic Hadley, from Pastor Lewis Burton and The Who So Ever Will Community Church. • Karen Patrick, from Mom, Kim, Mark, Kathy, Aunt Anna, Uncle George, Wilma and Joan. Happy Anniversary to … • Andy and Judy Spencer, from Pastor Lewis Burton and The Who So Ever Will Community Church. TAGS Around Town Orchids & Onions STAY CONNECTED 19,421FansLike 206FollowersFollow 6,502FollowersFollow ABOUT US Nobody covers Columbus, Indiana and the surrounding areas like The Republic. 2980 N. National Road, Suite A, Columbus, IN 47201 Main Switchboard: (812) 372-7811 Toll Free: (800) 876-7811 Contact us: editorial@therepublic.com FOLLOW US © 2017 The Republic unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Part of the AIM Media network
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions March 7, 2017 56° Dothan, AL (36303) Today A mix of clouds and sun in the morning followed by cloudy skies during the afternoon. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 77F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Cloudy with periods of rain. Thunder possible. Low around 60F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 70%. Updated: March 7, 2017 @ 2:53 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Close 1 of 8 John Pendygraft In this Jan. 5, 2017 photo, Jessica Piascik puts her daughter Mackenzie to bed in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. (John Pendygraft /Tampa Bay Times via AP) Erin Sullivan This photo taken March, 26, 2010 shows Jessica Smith, right, sits outside of her home where Smith's 2-year-old daughter accidentally shot herself with a gun she found on a bedroom night stand. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. (Erin Smith /Tampa Bay Times via AP) Fitterer, Brendan In this March 26, 2010 photo, medical personnel assist a then 2-year-old Mackenzie Piascik , who accidentally shot herself, in Port Richey, Fla. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. (Brendan Fitterer /Tampa Bay Times via AP) HOGP This photo provided by the Pasco County Sheriff's Office shows Ralph Ronzino who was charged with child neglect in March 2010 after his girlfriend's daughter accidentally shot herself with a gun she found in the home. (Pasco County Sheriff's Office via AP) John Pendygraft This photo taken Jan. 5, 2017, shows Mackenzie Piascik, 9, participating in karate at VIP International Krav Maga And Martial Arts Academy in Odessa, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by her mother's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. (John Pendygraft/Tampa Bay Times via AP) John Pendygraft In this Aug. 15, 2016 photo, Jessica Piascik , 29, gets her daughter Mackenzie, right, ready for school last in New Port Richey, Fla. Mackenzie rarely eats an entire meal in one sitting. Her stomach can't handle it. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. (John Pendygraft /Tampa Bay Times via AP) John Pendygraft Jessica Piascik , 29, watches her daughter Mackenzie, 9, get ready for school last August in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. (John Pendygraft /Tampa Bay Times via AP) John Pendygraft This photo taken Jan. 15, 2017, shows Jessica Piascik's daughter Mackenzie, 9, watches television by herself in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. Mackenzie doesn't remember shooting herself, but she feels the effects. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. (John Pendygraft /Tampa Bay Times via AP) AP Toddler's innocent curiosity brought a lifetime of scars By KATHLEEN MCGRORY Tampa Bay Times Mar 5, 2017 (…) John Pendygraft In this Jan. 5, 2017 photo, Jessica Piascik puts her daughter Mackenzie to bed in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. (John Pendygraft /Tampa Bay Times via AP) Erin Sullivan This photo taken March, 26, 2010 shows Jessica Smith, right, sits outside of her home where Smith's 2-year-old daughter accidentally shot herself with a gun she found on a bedroom night stand. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. (Erin Smith /Tampa Bay Times via AP) Fitterer, Brendan In this March 26, 2010 photo, medical personnel assist a then 2-year-old Mackenzie Piascik , who accidentally shot herself, in Port Richey, Fla. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. (Brendan Fitterer /Tampa Bay Times via AP) HOGP This photo provided by the Pasco County Sheriff's Office shows Ralph Ronzino who was charged with child neglect in March 2010 after his girlfriend's daughter accidentally shot herself with a gun she found in the home. (Pasco County Sheriff's Office via AP) John Pendygraft This photo taken Jan. 5, 2017, shows Mackenzie Piascik, 9, participating in karate at VIP International Krav Maga And Martial Arts Academy in Odessa, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by her mother's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. (John Pendygraft/Tampa Bay Times via AP) John Pendygraft In this Aug. 15, 2016 photo, Jessica Piascik , 29, gets her daughter Mackenzie, right, ready for school last in New Port Richey, Fla. Mackenzie rarely eats an entire meal in one sitting. Her stomach can't handle it. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. (John Pendygraft /Tampa Bay Times via AP) John Pendygraft Jessica Piascik , 29, watches her daughter Mackenzie, 9, get ready for school last August in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. (John Pendygraft /Tampa Bay Times via AP) John Pendygraft This photo taken Jan. 15, 2017, shows Jessica Piascik's daughter Mackenzie, 9, watches television by herself in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. Mackenzie doesn't remember shooting herself, but she feels the effects. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. (John Pendygraft /Tampa Bay Times via AP) PORT RICHEY, Fla. (AP) — It sounded like a picture frame hitting the floor. "Mackenzie?" Jessica Piascik called out to her 2-year-old daughter, who moments earlier had darted into the master bedroom. No answer. Piascik hurried to the girl. She found Mackenzie standing near the bed, her brown eyes unusually wide. The toddler took a slow step toward her mother, reached out her arms. The back of her Tinkerbell nightgown was wet with blood. Beside her, a silver-and-black handgun on the floor caught the morning light. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. For a young child, a gunshot wound is a particularly devastating medical event. It may seem obvious, but that's partly because kids have smaller, more compact bodies than adults. A bullet that travels 6 inches through a child can hit more organs than a bullet that travels the same distance in an adult. Kids who survive often suffer lifelong consequences. "Their lives are forever changed," said Dr. Judy Schaechter, chair of the University of Miami Health System pediatrics department. In Mackenzie's case, the bullet bore into her belly and escaped through her back, damaging at least four major organs and causing a critical loss of blood. "It was the worst moment," her mother recalled. "We literally didn't know if she would live or die." (asterisk)(asterisk)(asterisk) The night before Mackenzie stumbled upon the handgun, Piascik heard what sounded like a gunshot outside her Port Richey home. Her boyfriend at the time, Ralph Ronzino, went out to take a look, .380-caliber pistol in hand. Months earlier, someone had broken into the couple's car. But on this Thursday in March 2010, Ronzino didn't find anyone suspicious in the driveway. He searched the yard, then came inside to check the closets and bathrooms. Ronzino wore the gun "on his person" for the rest of the night, according to the police report. When he retired to the bedroom, he placed it within easy reach on the night table. The alarm clock sounded early the next morning. A plumber was coming at 9 a.m. to fix the kitchen sink, and Piascik's grandparents were flying in from Pennsylvania later in the day. Ronzino made a trip to Walmart to buy blinds and cleaning supplies. Piascik started to straighten up. That's when Mackenzie took off. Mackenzie liked the master bedroom; the 10-gallon fish tank fascinated her. Piascik didn't know Ronzino had left his pistol on the night table. Until that point, he had kept his firearms in another room. After finding Mackenzie bleeding, Piascik lunged for the phone. "Help me. Help me. Help me," she begged the 911 operator. The operator instructed her to hold a clean towel against the wound on Mackenzie's back. She grabbed a clean diaper first; it didn't work. She scanned the room, spotted a tan dish towel in a pile of clean laundry. "Oh my God," she cried into the phone. "What's gonna happen?" Piascik kept pressure on the towel and held Mackenzie's hand until the paramedics arrived. They lifted the 25-pound, not-quite-3-foot toddler onto a stretcher and took her by helicopter to a specialized trauma center in St. Petersburg. Piascik had to stay behind with the police. Two hours later, when detectives allowed her to leave, she called the hospital. The woman on the phone urged her to come quickly. "A chaplain will meet you outside." A team of surgeons, anesthesiologists, nurses and technicians crowded around Mackenzie in the trauma bay. They could tell instantly that hers was a serious case. The bullet had singed the skin underneath Mackenzie's ribs. It sent so much energy through her body, her tissue had expanded like a balloon, then quickly collapsed on itself. The round ricocheted between her tightly packed organs, a tiny pinball that bruised her pancreas, nicked her liver, and tore her stomach from her intestine. In its final act of destruction, it left a gaping hole on her right side near her back. The trauma team had to work quickly. In an adult, the loss of blood can raise the heart rate as the body diverts blood to essential organs such as the brain, heart and kidneys. A child has less blood to go around and can sustain the response for only so long. "With kids, we have less time to intervene," said Dr. Paul Danielson, the pediatric trauma surgeon at Johns Hopkins All Children's Hospital who directed Mackenzie's care. A top priority: Mackenzie's digestive system. There was too much damage to simply reattach her stomach to her intestine. Instead, surgeons had to connect the organs at a different point, creating a new pathway for food to travel. They closed the other tears in her stomach and intestines, repaired her liver, removed the injured tissue. The procedure took about 2 hours and 30 minutes. Mackenzie emerged from surgery with bandages stretched across her belly. Her skin had a translucent quality. Nearly a dozen tubes jutted from her body. Her mother cried tears of relief when she saw her. Still, the next few hours would be critical. Mackenzie could easily crash. Danielson and his team would pay close attention to her breathing and blood pressure throughout the night. (asterisk)(asterisk)(asterisk) A gunshot wound is just about the most serious injury a kid can sustain. In 2013, a study in the journal Pediatrics found that kids who were shot were more likely to need major surgery than kids injured in any other way. They were also the most expensive to treat, and the most likely to die in the hospital. "There's very often serious residual disability, physical and psychological," said Dr. Garen J. Wintemute, a professor at the University of California Davis School of Medicine and one of the study's authors. "It can mean lots of trips back to the hospital. The consequences radiate outward from there." Mackenzie's stay at All Children's Hospital lasted 35 days. The total charges, including the surgery and her time in the intensive care unit, added up to more than $484,000, most of which was covered by Medicaid. When it was time for Mackenzie to go home, Piascik combed her daughter's unruly hair and painted her toenails pink. She dressed Mackenzie in a yellow frock with a ladybug on the skirt, taking care not to move the tubes that still extended from her body. Mother and daughter spent the next several months with Piascik's parents. Piascik and Ronzino were no longer speaking; he faced criminal charges for leaving the gun accessible to a child and marijuana possession. At home, Piascik took on the role of nurse. She peeled the bandages from Mackenzie's skin, cleaned the surgical wounds on her belly, and gave her daily blood-thinner injections. She also had to help her daughter cope. Some kids respond to trauma by returning to behaviors they had long moved on from, like sucking their thumbs. Others lose interest in things they once loved. A trauma that happens early enough can cause a developing brain to be on "threat-detection mode" all the time, making the child afraid to take risks or explore unfamiliar places, said Pat Levitt, who directs the graduate program in neuroscience at the University of Southern California. "Everything in your environment becomes scary," Levitt said. Mackenzie's world became scary at night. The first time she had a night terror — the night she came home from the hospital — Mackenzie was sleeping in bed with her mother. Suddenly, she started to wail. She flailed her arms and legs violently, like she was having a seizure. Piascik sprang from the bed and flipped on the light. She wrapped her daughter in a tight embrace and rocked her slowly. It took several minutes for her to wake up and calm down. "Just a nightmare," the mother said. "You're safe, baby." It continued that way for the next two years. (asterisk)(asterisk)(asterisk) Nearly seven years have passed since Mackenzie was shot. She's 9 years old, a devoted Girl Scout who plays goalie for her youth soccer team and loves karate. One day, she wants to be a dentist or a doctor. Or a helicopter pilot who flies sick people to the hospital. Mackenzie doesn't remember the accident. She no longer needs blood thinner injections or screams in her sleep. But there are reminders. She can't eat large meals and sometimes needs her mother to rub her belly to relieve the pain. This past Halloween, after changing into her Monster High costume, Mackenzie started vomiting. She was in too much pain to trick-or-treat. Piascik rushed her daughter to the closest emergency room, but the doctors there were at a loss. They transferred her nearly 50 miles to All Children's, where she was treated in 2010. A specialist later theorized that the scar tissue in Mackenzie's abdominal cavity had caused a partial blockage of her intestines. She was released three days later. All of their lives are different now. Ronzino pleaded no contest to failing to secure a firearm around a child and marijuana possession, and served two years in prison. He did not return calls from the Times. Piascik trusts very few people around her children. Firearms frighten her. She once had to leave the office where she works when a client came in carrying a concealed weapon. "Mackenzie has the physical scars," she said on a recent afternoon. "I have the emotional scars." Mackenzie takes it all in stride. Her scars, she says, are actually kind of neat. The longest one runs the length of her belly and is surrounded by smaller marks that radiate out like tiny beams of light. "The sunshine," she calls it. ___ Information from: Tampa Bay Times (St. Petersburg, Fla.), http://www.tampabay.com. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Crime Locations St. Petersburg Florida United States North America Tampa Popular Body discovered in Pea River Students killed in 2007 Enterprise tornado always on teacher's mind A glimpse at the nine people killed in the 2007 tornado Three women charged in $5.5 million theft in Pike County Rehobeth's Tate learning the ropes as walk-on player for Auburn basketball Troy head football coach Neal Brown receives 4-year contract extension Ozark Chief: Infant's death 'tugs on your heart' Fatal shooting in Elba 10 Years Later: Enterprise High School, Hillcrest Elementary School Pinckard's new police chief working to rebuild his department Videos Featured Businesses Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 KT's Tavern 168 S Foster St, Dothan, AL 36301 Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Bama Rv 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Vehicles Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Contests Bracket Challenge 9 to 5 The Musical Ticket Giveaway Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com News March 5, 2017 3:02 AM Toddler's innocent curiosity brought a lifetime of scars This photo taken Jan. 15, 2017, shows Jessica Piascik's daughter Mackenzie, 9, watches television by herself in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. Mackenzie doesn't remember shooting herself, but she feels the effects. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. Tampa Bay Times via AP John Pendygraft In this Aug. 15, 2016 photo, Jessica Piascik , 29, gets her daughter Mackenzie, right, ready for school last in New Port Richey, Fla. Mackenzie rarely eats an entire meal in one sitting. Her stomach can't handle it. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. Tampa Bay Times via AP John Pendygraft Jessica Piascik , 29, watches her daughter Mackenzie, 9, get ready for school last August in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. Tampa Bay Times via AP John Pendygraft This photo taken Jan. 5, 2017, shows Mackenzie Piascik, 9, participating in karate at VIP International Krav Maga And Martial Arts Academy in Odessa, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by her mother's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. Tampa Bay Times via AP John Pendygraft This photo provided by the Pasco County Sheriff's Office shows Ralph Ronzino who was charged with child neglect in March 2010 after his girlfriend's daughter accidentally shot herself with a gun she found in the home. Pasco County Sheriff's Office via AP) In this Jan. 5, 2017 photo, Jessica Piascik puts her daughter Mackenzie to bed in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. Tampa Bay Times via AP John Pendygraft This photo taken March, 26, 2010 shows Jessica Smith, right, sits outside of her home where Smith's 2-year-old daughter accidentally shot herself with a gun she found on a bedroom night stand. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. Tampa Bay Times via AP Erin Smith In this March 26, 2010 photo, medical personnel assist a then 2-year-old Mackenzie Piascik , who accidentally shot herself, in Port Richey, Fla. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Tampa Bay Times via AP Brendan Fitterer 1 of 8 i By KATHLEEN MCGRORY Tampa Bay Times LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story PORT RICHEY, Fla. It sounded like a picture frame hitting the floor. "Mackenzie?" Jessica Piascik called out to her 2-year-old daughter, who moments earlier had darted into the master bedroom. No answer. Piascik hurried to the girl. She found Mackenzie standing near the bed, her brown eyes unusually wide. The toddler took a slow step toward her mother, reached out her arms. The back of her Tinkerbell nightgown was wet with blood. Beside her, a silver-and-black handgun on the floor caught the morning light. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. For a young child, a gunshot wound is a particularly devastating medical event. It may seem obvious, but that's partly because kids have smaller, more compact bodies than adults. A bullet that travels 6 inches through a child can hit more organs than a bullet that travels the same distance in an adult. Kids who survive often suffer lifelong consequences. "Their lives are forever changed," said Dr. Judy Schaechter, chair of the University of Miami Health System pediatrics department. In Mackenzie's case, the bullet bore into her belly and escaped through her back, damaging at least four major organs and causing a critical loss of blood. "It was the worst moment," her mother recalled. "We literally didn't know if she would live or die." (asterisk)(asterisk)(asterisk) The night before Mackenzie stumbled upon the handgun, Piascik heard what sounded like a gunshot outside her Port Richey home. Her boyfriend at the time, Ralph Ronzino, went out to take a look, .380-caliber pistol in hand. Months earlier, someone had broken into the couple's car. But on this Thursday in March 2010, Ronzino didn't find anyone suspicious in the driveway. He searched the yard, then came inside to check the closets and bathrooms. Ronzino wore the gun "on his person" for the rest of the night, according to the police report. When he retired to the bedroom, he placed it within easy reach on the night table. The alarm clock sounded early the next morning. A plumber was coming at 9 a.m. to fix the kitchen sink, and Piascik's grandparents were flying in from Pennsylvania later in the day. Ronzino made a trip to Walmart to buy blinds and cleaning supplies. Piascik started to straighten up. That's when Mackenzie took off. Mackenzie liked the master bedroom; the 10-gallon fish tank fascinated her. Piascik didn't know Ronzino had left his pistol on the night table. Until that point, he had kept his firearms in another room. After finding Mackenzie bleeding, Piascik lunged for the phone. "Help me. Help me. Help me," she begged the 911 operator. The operator instructed her to hold a clean towel against the wound on Mackenzie's back. She grabbed a clean diaper first; it didn't work. She scanned the room, spotted a tan dish towel in a pile of clean laundry. "Oh my God," she cried into the phone. "What's gonna happen?" Piascik kept pressure on the towel and held Mackenzie's hand until the paramedics arrived. They lifted the 25-pound, not-quite-3-foot toddler onto a stretcher and took her by helicopter to a specialized trauma center in St. Petersburg. Piascik had to stay behind with the police. Two hours later, when detectives allowed her to leave, she called the hospital. The woman on the phone urged her to come quickly. "A chaplain will meet you outside." A team of surgeons, anesthesiologists, nurses and technicians crowded around Mackenzie in the trauma bay. They could tell instantly that hers was a serious case. The bullet had singed the skin underneath Mackenzie's ribs. It sent so much energy through her body, her tissue had expanded like a balloon, then quickly collapsed on itself. The round ricocheted between her tightly packed organs, a tiny pinball that bruised her pancreas, nicked her liver, and tore her stomach from her intestine. In its final act of destruction, it left a gaping hole on her right side near her back. The trauma team had to work quickly. In an adult, the loss of blood can raise the heart rate as the body diverts blood to essential organs such as the brain, heart and kidneys. A child has less blood to go around and can sustain the response for only so long. "With kids, we have less time to intervene," said Dr. Paul Danielson, the pediatric trauma surgeon at Johns Hopkins All Children's Hospital who directed Mackenzie's care. A top priority: Mackenzie's digestive system. There was too much damage to simply reattach her stomach to her intestine. Instead, surgeons had to connect the organs at a different point, creating a new pathway for food to travel. They closed the other tears in her stomach and intestines, repaired her liver, removed the injured tissue. The procedure took about 2 hours and 30 minutes. Mackenzie emerged from surgery with bandages stretched across her belly. Her skin had a translucent quality. Nearly a dozen tubes jutted from her body. Her mother cried tears of relief when she saw her. Still, the next few hours would be critical. Mackenzie could easily crash. Danielson and his team would pay close attention to her breathing and blood pressure throughout the night. (asterisk)(asterisk)(asterisk) A gunshot wound is just about the most serious injury a kid can sustain. In 2013, a study in the journal Pediatrics found that kids who were shot were more likely to need major surgery than kids injured in any other way. They were also the most expensive to treat, and the most likely to die in the hospital. "There's very often serious residual disability, physical and psychological," said Dr. Garen J. Wintemute, a professor at the University of California Davis School of Medicine and one of the study's authors. "It can mean lots of trips back to the hospital. The consequences radiate outward from there." Mackenzie's stay at All Children's Hospital lasted 35 days. The total charges, including the surgery and her time in the intensive care unit, added up to more than $484,000, most of which was covered by Medicaid. When it was time for Mackenzie to go home, Piascik combed her daughter's unruly hair and painted her toenails pink. She dressed Mackenzie in a yellow frock with a ladybug on the skirt, taking care not to move the tubes that still extended from her body. Mother and daughter spent the next several months with Piascik's parents. Piascik and Ronzino were no longer speaking; he faced criminal charges for leaving the gun accessible to a child and marijuana possession. At home, Piascik took on the role of nurse. She peeled the bandages from Mackenzie's skin, cleaned the surgical wounds on her belly, and gave her daily blood-thinner injections. She also had to help her daughter cope. Some kids respond to trauma by returning to behaviors they had long moved on from, like sucking their thumbs. Others lose interest in things they once loved. A trauma that happens early enough can cause a developing brain to be on "threat-detection mode" all the time, making the child afraid to take risks or explore unfamiliar places, said Pat Levitt, who directs the graduate program in neuroscience at the University of Southern California. "Everything in your environment becomes scary," Levitt said. Mackenzie's world became scary at night. The first time she had a night terror — the night she came home from the hospital — Mackenzie was sleeping in bed with her mother. Suddenly, she started to wail. She flailed her arms and legs violently, like she was having a seizure. Piascik sprang from the bed and flipped on the light. She wrapped her daughter in a tight embrace and rocked her slowly. It took several minutes for her to wake up and calm down. "Just a nightmare," the mother said. "You're safe, baby." It continued that way for the next two years. (asterisk)(asterisk)(asterisk) Nearly seven years have passed since Mackenzie was shot. She's 9 years old, a devoted Girl Scout who plays goalie for her youth soccer team and loves karate. One day, she wants to be a dentist or a doctor. Or a helicopter pilot who flies sick people to the hospital. Mackenzie doesn't remember the accident. She no longer needs blood thinner injections or screams in her sleep. But there are reminders. She can't eat large meals and sometimes needs her mother to rub her belly to relieve the pain. This past Halloween, after changing into her Monster High costume, Mackenzie started vomiting. She was in too much pain to trick-or-treat. Piascik rushed her daughter to the closest emergency room, but the doctors there were at a loss. They transferred her nearly 50 miles to All Children's, where she was treated in 2010. A specialist later theorized that the scar tissue in Mackenzie's abdominal cavity had caused a partial blockage of her intestines. She was released three days later. All of their lives are different now. Ronzino pleaded no contest to failing to secure a firearm around a child and marijuana possession, and served two years in prison. He did not return calls from the Times. Piascik trusts very few people around her children. Firearms frighten her. She once had to leave the office where she works when a client came in carrying a concealed weapon. "Mackenzie has the physical scars," she said on a recent afternoon. "I have the emotional scars." Mackenzie takes it all in stride. Her scars, she says, are actually kind of neat. The longest one runs the length of her belly and is surrounded by smaller marks that radiate out like tiny beams of light. "The sunshine," she calls it. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story News Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:26 How do you prevent suicide? Photo responses urge supporting those who are struggling Pause 0:36 Naika Venant's mother: I have to bury my baby 1:05 Court hearing on Miami-Dade mayor's Trump-friendly policy to jail people slated for deportation 1:15 Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 0:50 Dragon and Progress ships race to resupply International Space Station 1:50 Trump administration announces new travel ban 2:08 Inmate tries to choke detention deputy with towel 4:45 UK travel channel features Miami's art scene 2:13 Music professor says creative learning can translate to any field 2:24 Offshore corporations: The secret shell game Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 hours ago Mother fights for changes after death of son to opioids 2:15 10 hours ago Mother fights for changes after death of son to opioids 1:50 11 hours ago Trump administration announces new travel ban 1:43 13 hours ago Vandals toss tar on Broward home View more video News Drug dealers as murderers? Proposed Florida law targets sellers fueling overdose crisis He held her for 2 weeks, drugged and raped her and ripped her nails off, police say Married ‘soul mates’ warned: If elected, they better be careful with their pillow talk Parents of 8-year-old sue SoyNut Butter maker, alleging he got E. coli from product Power showdown between NC governor, legislature in court Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Tuesday, March 07, 2017, 3:23 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Chains try to adapt; investors spooked By MATTHEW BOYLE Bloomberg News This article was published March 5, 2017 at 1:54 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Retailers are increasingly acknowledging the need to make big changes if they want to keep shoppers in their aisles and away from Amazon.com. But the cost of modernizing the chains has alarmed investors. Best Buy Co. and Target Corp. saw their shares tumble last week after announcing plans to overhaul their operations. Although Wall Street analysts agree that the changes are necessary, with traditional retailers facing a do-or-die moment, it's not clear how much appetite shareholders have for the costly investments that lie ahead. "The concern for me is, what if they make all these investments and it does not pay off?" said Brian Yarbrough, an analyst at Edward Jones & Co. "Investors are pretty cautious, and they will wait and see." The challenges facing the chains are legion. Traffic at many shopping centers has dwindled, price competition is heating up, and 65 million Americans are already Amazon Prime customers -- locking them into a system where they can get one-hour free delivery on millions of items and access to exclusive movies, shows and video games. More than two-thirds of the U.S. population 14 and older will buy something online this year, according to researcher eMarketer. Against that backdrop, Best Buy vowed to expand its online operations, offer more higher-margin services and expand internationally. A shrinking U.S. consumer-electronics industry makes the new approach necessary, the company said, as demand for smartphones, tablets and video games levels off. But Best Buy acknowledged that the plan will weigh on profit this year, sending the shares down. At Target, the goal is to cut prices, refurbish stores and open more smaller locations in cities and near college campuses to better compete with Amazon and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., which embarked on its own multibillion-dollar price-reduction campaign in 2015. "The retail industry is in the midst of a seismic shift," Target Chief Executive Officer Brian Cornell said at an investor presentation. "We can bemoan changes in the marketplace or embrace them." That embrace will be painful, though, as the Minneapolis-based retailer slashed this year's earnings estimates by about 25 percent and said it doesn't expect profit to grow again until 2019 at the earliest. Analysts including Mark Astrachan of Stifel Financial Corp. also questioned the wisdom of entering a price war against the likes of Wal-Mart. Target's shares fell the most in more than eight years on the news. While it's commendable that Target recognized the need to shake things up, "some of its initiatives will likely cause considerable pain in the short run," UBS Group AG analyst Michael Lasser said in a note. For some troubled chains, any signs of change are welcomed. Sears Holdings Corp.'s shares soared Feb. 10 after CEO Eddie Lampert vowed to lower its debt burden and cut annual expenses by at least $1 billion. But investors punished fellow department-store chain J.C. Penney Co. when it announced it was closing as many as 140 stores, citing the need for "aggressive action." Still, the growing roster of battered retailers provides a grim reminder to Cornell and Best Buy CEO Hubert Joly of what happens to companies that fail to move with the times. Best Buy once competed fiercely with rival Midwestern electronics retailer HHGregg Inc. But after years of steady growth, fueled by sales of big-screen TVs, the 61-year-old chain is now preparing to file for bankruptcy amid plunging revenue, people familiar with the matter said last week. "If they don't change," Yarbrough said, "they are dying a slow death." -- Information for this article was contributed by Molly Smith of Bloomberg News. SundayMonday Business on 03/05/2017 Print Headline: Chains try to adapt; investors spooked Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Bankruptcy watch Business news in brief Accrued data driving force, truckers say Harps unit bets on savings seekers Chains try to adapt; investors spooked Forest, poultry, rice pros inducted to hall Starbucks brews up first Italian venture Pot lights create ham-radio buzz Counterfeit fashion's perils, victims real, s... More Business stories > Comments on: Chains try to adapt; investors spooked To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump Tower wiretap claim to get inquiry (52 comments) Congressman apologizes for crude joke about Kellyanne Conway (21 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: Fate of the presidency (32 comments) Proven ain't half of it (11 comments) Pizza restaurant in west Little Rock shopping center robbed by 2 gunmen, police say (11 comments) White House demands investigation into whether Obama abused executive powers (19 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Protesters rally against travel ban at SFO Ambassadors expelled in assassination fallout Trump’s new travel ban seeks to avoid 1st edict’s flaws 11-year-old boy with autism goes missing News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA UN chief in Somalia on emergency visit to focus on famine Iraqi forces storm Mosul government complex, then pull back European shares mixed as German factory data disappoint US moves parts of controversial missile defense to SKorea Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors St. Mary’s advances to WCC final with laugher over BYU Andre Iguodala comes up big in Warriors’ win over Atlanta Santa Clara seniors’ run ends against Gonzaga in WCC semis Dad’s ‘tough love’ molded A’s Matt Joyce into big-leaguer Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs GoPro shares fall to record low after Goldman, Citi say sell Switch isn’t quite the mobile console we’d hoped for, but US suspends expedited processing for H-1B visas 4 sneaky ways Ikea tricks you into buying tons of stuff you don't A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do New ‘ID10T’ comedy/music/comics festival comes to Bay Area The latest from Dear Abby SF Symphony celebrates Bernstein in 2017-18 season ‘Kedi’ celebrates the stray cats of Istanbul Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Fort Point expands in Ferry Building, fills Marla Bakery space Soon you'll be able to vacation at a craft beer-themed hotel Here’s the full lineup for Presidio Picnic’s 2017 E. coli outbreak tied to soy-nut butter sickens 2 in Santa Clara Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Study finds children keep moms up at night—but not dads How to game the DMV to avoid lines and get out faster How to start a smart home Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Carmel Valley Ranch to host inaugural Kite Festival Carmel winery adds a top chef Insiders: Brothers have the lowdown on Salinas Yes, we can: Learn how at Happy Girl Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Inspired by 16th-century Japan, the $1.9 million ‘Haiku Hot Property: Cheery and charming in Corte Madera Vineyard views from Wine Country contemporary Condo conversion of Oakland firehouse, circa 1892, offers its Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1928 Franklin Victoria brings class to the road Retiree reminisces while driving restored 1967 Marcos US News names the 'Best Cars for the Money' in 2017 Porsche’s entry level SUV ideally done Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Find a new job faster by changing your attitude Learn good lessons from a bad job Improve your chances for a second interview Avoid an interview disaster Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/crime/article/Toddler-s-innocent-curiosity-brought-a-lifetime-10978160.php Toddler's innocent curiosity brought a lifetime of scars Published 12:04 am, Sunday, March 5, 2017 Photo: John Pendygraft, AP Image 1of/9 Caption Close Image 1 of 9 This photo taken Jan. 15, 2017, shows Jessica Piascik's daughter Mackenzie, 9, watches television by herself in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. Mackenzie doesn't remember shooting herself, but she feels the effects. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. (John Pendygraft /Tampa Bay Times via AP) less This photo taken Jan. 15, 2017, shows Jessica Piascik's daughter Mackenzie, 9, watches television by herself in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by ... more Photo: John Pendygraft, AP Image 2 of 9 In this Aug. 15, 2016 photo, Jessica Piascik , 29, gets her daughter Mackenzie, right, ready for school last in New Port Richey, Fla. Mackenzie rarely eats an entire meal in one sitting. Her stomach can't handle it. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. (John Pendygraft /Tampa Bay Times via AP) less In this Aug. 15, 2016 photo, Jessica Piascik , 29, gets her daughter Mackenzie, right, ready for school last in New Port Richey, Fla. Mackenzie rarely eats an entire meal in one sitting. Her stomach can't ... more Photo: John Pendygraft, AP Image 3 of 9 This photo taken Jan. 5, 2017, shows Mackenzie Piascik, 9, participating in karate at VIP International Krav Maga And Martial Arts Academy in Odessa, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by her mother's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. (John Pendygraft/Tampa Bay Times via AP) less This photo taken Jan. 5, 2017, shows Mackenzie Piascik, 9, participating in karate at VIP International Krav Maga And Martial Arts Academy in Odessa, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun ... more Photo: John Pendygraft, AP Image 4 of 9 Jessica Piascik , 29, watches her daughter Mackenzie, 9, get ready for school last August in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. (John Pendygraft /Tampa Bay Times via AP) less Jessica Piascik , 29, watches her daughter Mackenzie, 9, get ready for school last August in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's ... more Photo: John Pendygraft, AP Image 5 of 9 In this Jan. 5, 2017 photo, Jessica Piascik puts her daughter Mackenzie to bed in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph Ronzino. (John Pendygraft /Tampa Bay Times via AP) less In this Jan. 5, 2017 photo, Jessica Piascik puts her daughter Mackenzie to bed in New Port Richey, Fla. On March 26, 2010, Mackenzie shot herself with a gun left in the bedroom by Piascik's then-boyfriend Ralph ... more Photo: John Pendygraft, AP Image 6 of 9 This photo provided by the Pasco County Sheriff's Office shows Ralph Ronzino who was charged with child neglect in March 2010 after his girlfriend's daughter accidentally shot herself with a gun she found in the home. (Pasco County Sheriff's Office via AP) less This photo provided by the Pasco County Sheriff's Office shows Ralph Ronzino who was charged with child neglect in March 2010 after his girlfriend's daughter accidentally shot herself with a gun she found in ... more Photo: AP Image 7 of 9 This photo taken March, 26, 2010 shows Jessica Smith, right, sits outside of her home where Smith's 2-year-old daughter accidentally shot herself with a gun she found on a bedroom night stand. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. (Erin Smith /Tampa Bay Times via AP) less This photo taken March, 26, 2010 shows Jessica Smith, right, sits outside of her home where Smith's 2-year-old daughter accidentally shot herself with a gun she found on a bedroom night stand. Mackenzie was one ... more Photo: Erin Sullivan, AP Image 8 of 9 In this March 26, 2010 photo, medical personnel assist a then 2-year-old Mackenzie Piascik , who accidentally shot herself, in Port Richey, Fla. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. (Brendan Fitterer /Tampa Bay Times via AP) less In this March 26, 2010 photo, medical personnel assist a then 2-year-old Mackenzie Piascik , who accidentally shot herself, in Port Richey, Fla. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were ... more Photo: Fitterer, Brendan, AP Image 9 of 9 Toddler's innocent curiosity brought a lifetime of scars 1 / 9 Back to Gallery PORT RICHEY, Fla. (AP) — It sounded like a picture frame hitting the floor. "Mackenzie?" Jessica Piascik called out to her 2-year-old daughter, who moments earlier had darted into the master bedroom. No answer. Piascik hurried to the girl. She found Mackenzie standing near the bed, her brown eyes unusually wide. The toddler took a slow step toward her mother, reached out her arms. The back of her Tinkerbell nightgown was wet with blood. Beside her, a silver-and-black handgun on the floor caught the morning light. Mackenzie was one of nearly 220 children younger than 5 who were shot in Florida between 2010 and 2015, a Tampa Bay Times analysis found. Thirty-three died. For a young child, a gunshot wound is a particularly devastating medical event. It may seem obvious, but that's partly because kids have smaller, more compact bodies than adults. A bullet that travels 6 inches through a child can hit more organs than a bullet that travels the same distance in an adult. Kids who survive often suffer lifelong consequences. "Their lives are forever changed," said Dr. Judy Schaechter, chair of the University of Miami Health System pediatrics department. In Mackenzie's case, the bullet bore into her belly and escaped through her back, damaging at least four major organs and causing a critical loss of blood. "It was the worst moment," her mother recalled. "We literally didn't know if she would live or die." (asterisk)(asterisk)(asterisk) The night before Mackenzie stumbled upon the handgun, Piascik heard what sounded like a gunshot outside her Port Richey home. Her boyfriend at the time, Ralph Ronzino, went out to take a look, .380-caliber pistol in hand. Months earlier, someone had broken into the couple's car. But on this Thursday in March 2010, Ronzino didn't find anyone suspicious in the driveway. He searched the yard, then came inside to check the closets and bathrooms. Ronzino wore the gun "on his person" for the rest of the night, according to the police report. When he retired to the bedroom, he placed it within easy reach on the night table. The alarm clock sounded early the next morning. A plumber was coming at 9 a.m. to fix the kitchen sink, and Piascik's grandparents were flying in from Pennsylvania later in the day. Ronzino made a trip to Walmart to buy blinds and cleaning supplies. Piascik started to straighten up. That's when Mackenzie took off. Mackenzie liked the master bedroom; the 10-gallon fish tank fascinated her. Piascik didn't know Ronzino had left his pistol on the night table. Until that point, he had kept his firearms in another room. After finding Mackenzie bleeding, Piascik lunged for the phone. "Help me. Help me. Help me," she begged the 911 operator. The operator instructed her to hold a clean towel against the wound on Mackenzie's back. She grabbed a clean diaper first; it didn't work. She scanned the room, spotted a tan dish towel in a pile of clean laundry. "Oh my God," she cried into the phone. "What's gonna happen?" Piascik kept pressure on the towel and held Mackenzie's hand until the paramedics arrived. They lifted the 25-pound, not-quite-3-foot toddler onto a stretcher and took her by helicopter to a specialized trauma center in St. Petersburg. Piascik had to stay behind with the police. Two hours later, when detectives allowed her to leave, she called the hospital. The woman on the phone urged her to come quickly. "A chaplain will meet you outside." A team of surgeons, anesthesiologists, nurses and technicians crowded around Mackenzie in the trauma bay. They could tell instantly that hers was a serious case. The bullet had singed the skin underneath Mackenzie's ribs. It sent so much energy through her body, her tissue had expanded like a balloon, then quickly collapsed on itself. The round ricocheted between her tightly packed organs, a tiny pinball that bruised her pancreas, nicked her liver, and tore her stomach from her intestine. In its final act of destruction, it left a gaping hole on her right side near her back. The trauma team had to work quickly. In an adult, the loss of blood can raise the heart rate as the body diverts blood to essential organs such as the brain, heart and kidneys. A child has less blood to go around and can sustain the response for only so long. "With kids, we have less time to intervene," said Dr. Paul Danielson, the pediatric trauma surgeon at Johns Hopkins All Children's Hospital who directed Mackenzie's care. A top priority: Mackenzie's digestive system. There was too much damage to simply reattach her stomach to her intestine. Instead, surgeons had to connect the organs at a different point, creating a new pathway for food to travel. They closed the other tears in her stomach and intestines, repaired her liver, removed the injured tissue. The procedure took about 2 hours and 30 minutes. Mackenzie emerged from surgery with bandages stretched across her belly. Her skin had a translucent quality. Nearly a dozen tubes jutted from her body. Her mother cried tears of relief when she saw her. Still, the next few hours would be critical. Mackenzie could easily crash. Danielson and his team would pay close attention to her breathing and blood pressure throughout the night. (asterisk)(asterisk)(asterisk) A gunshot wound is just about the most serious injury a kid can sustain. In 2013, a study in the journal Pediatrics found that kids who were shot were more likely to need major surgery than kids injured in any other way. They were also the most expensive to treat, and the most likely to die in the hospital. "There's very often serious residual disability, physical and psychological," said Dr. Garen J. Wintemute, a professor at the University of California Davis School of Medicine and one of the study's authors. "It can mean lots of trips back to the hospital. The consequences radiate outward from there." Mackenzie's stay at All Children's Hospital lasted 35 days. The total charges, including the surgery and her time in the intensive care unit, added up to more than $484,000, most of which was covered by Medicaid. When it was time for Mackenzie to go home, Piascik combed her daughter's unruly hair and painted her toenails pink. She dressed Mackenzie in a yellow frock with a ladybug on the skirt, taking care not to move the tubes that still extended from her body. Mother and daughter spent the next several months with Piascik's parents. Piascik and Ronzino were no longer speaking; he faced criminal charges for leaving the gun accessible to a child and marijuana possession. At home, Piascik took on the role of nurse. She peeled the bandages from Mackenzie's skin, cleaned the surgical wounds on her belly, and gave her daily blood-thinner injections. She also had to help her daughter cope. Some kids respond to trauma by returning to behaviors they had long moved on from, like sucking their thumbs. Others lose interest in things they once loved. A trauma that happens early enough can cause a developing brain to be on "threat-detection mode" all the time, making the child afraid to take risks or explore unfamiliar places, said Pat Levitt, who directs the graduate program in neuroscience at the University of Southern California. "Everything in your environment becomes scary," Levitt said. Mackenzie's world became scary at night. The first time she had a night terror — the night she came home from the hospital — Mackenzie was sleeping in bed with her mother. Suddenly, she started to wail. She flailed her arms and legs violently, like she was having a seizure. Piascik sprang from the bed and flipped on the light. She wrapped her daughter in a tight embrace and rocked her slowly. It took several minutes for her to wake up and calm down. "Just a nightmare," the mother said. "You're safe, baby." It continued that way for the next two years. (asterisk)(asterisk)(asterisk) Nearly seven years have passed since Mackenzie was shot. She's 9 years old, a devoted Girl Scout who plays goalie for her youth soccer team and loves karate. One day, she wants to be a dentist or a doctor. Or a helicopter pilot who flies sick people to the hospital. Mackenzie doesn't remember the accident. She no longer needs blood thinner injections or screams in her sleep. But there are reminders. She can't eat large meals and sometimes needs her mother to rub her belly to relieve the pain. This past Halloween, after changing into her Monster High costume, Mackenzie started vomiting. She was in too much pain to trick-or-treat. Piascik rushed her daughter to the closest emergency room, but the doctors there were at a loss. They transferred her nearly 50 miles to All Children's, where she was treated in 2010. A specialist later theorized that the scar tissue in Mackenzie's abdominal cavity had caused a partial blockage of her intestines. She was released three days later. All of their lives are different now. Ronzino pleaded no contest to failing to secure a firearm around a child and marijuana possession, and served two years in prison. He did not return calls from the Times. Piascik trusts very few people around her children. Firearms frighten her. She once had to leave the office where she works when a client came in carrying a concealed weapon. "Mackenzie has the physical scars," she said on a recent afternoon. "I have the emotional scars." Mackenzie takes it all in stride. Her scars, she says, are actually kind of neat. The longest one runs the length of her belly and is surrounded by smaller marks that radiate out like tiny beams of light. "The sunshine," she calls it. ___ Information from: Tampa Bay Times (St. Petersburg, Fla.), http://www.tampabay.com. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY Video of Trump, Bannon arguing shows tense White House House GOP releases health bill replacing Obamacare Ben Carson refers to slaves as ‘immigrants’ Trump’s new travel ban seeks to avoid 1st edict’s flaws Poll: Two-thirds want special prosecutor for Trump-Russia Son of Rudy Giuliani to work in White House LATEST NEWS Protesters rally against travel ban at SFO US moves parts of controversial missile defense to S. Korea Sacramento to pay $5M to wrong man charged with child abuse Local man sentenced to 10 years on cocaine charges Search begins for disappeared 11-year-old boy with autism Homeland Security may separate parents from children at border Bogut breaks left leg in debut with Cavaliers 2 San Jose men arrested after trying to steal ATM from mall Raiders secure Las Vegas financing Former Raiders OL Marvin dies following ALS fight Jay Gruden’s deal a first for owner NFL combine winners, losers California's poorest are now moving to Texas Most health conscious U.S. cities: SF's rank a big surprise Recent snowfall totals: Donner Pass received more than four feet Photos show the insane amounts of snow piled up in Tahoe Bargain airfare? Here's why some aren't buying it Spirit holds '99 percent off' flash sale, but is it worth it? TODAY'S TOP PICKS ESPN to lay off on-air talent 50 jobs and side hustles you can do from home Silicon Valley programmers pressuring friends to quit Uber Most Popular 1 Video of Donald Trump and Steven Bannon arguing shows snapshot... 2 Programmers in the Valley are pressuring their friends to quit... 3 Bogut breaks left leg in debut with Cavaliers 4 ESPN to Lay Off On-Air Talent 5 Report: California's poorest are coming to Texas as the state... 6 Raiders secure Las Vegas financing 7 Woman, 50, struck in SF crosswalk dies 8 Andre Iguodala comes up big in Warriors’ win over Atlanta 9 House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul 10 Trump Today: Carson refers to slaves as ‘immigrants’ LATEST NEWS Protesters rally against travel ban at SFO US moves parts of controversial missile defense to S. Korea Sacramento to pay $5M to wrong man charged with child abuse Local man sentenced to 10 years on cocaine charges Search begins for disappeared 11-year-old boy with autism Homeland Security may separate parents from children at border Bogut breaks left leg in debut with Cavaliers 2 San Jose men arrested after trying to steal ATM from mall THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
null
News ASEAN Bangkok Business Crime, Courts, Calamity Calamity Courts Crime International Transportation Politics Life@Bangkok Arts & Culture Entertainment Events Food Geek Nightlife Shopping Crime & Legal Calamity Courts Crime Videos dot.Net Opinion Search Khaosod English 33.5 C Bangkok Tuesday, March 7, 2017 News AllASEANBangkokBusinessCrime, Courts, CalamityCalamityCourtsCrimeInternationalTransportation Divers Join Search for Missing Russian on Koh Tao Supreme Court Upholds Lese Majeste Verdict Against Redshirt Activist ISOC Drops Defamation Suit Over Torture Report Bangkok’s Dusit Thani Hotel Gets Date With Wrecking Ball Politics Prawit Tours Submarine Pen Site, Defends Need to Buy One DSI Suspects Dhammajayo Hiding in Newly Fortified Hospital ISOC Drops Defamation Suit Over Torture Report HM King Strips Dhammachayo of Monk Title Japan’s Emperor in Thailand to Pay Respects to Late King Life@Bangkok AllArts & CultureEntertainmentEventsFoodGeekNightlifeShopping Run Dark, Bright and Glowing at ‘Blacklight’ Race Architects Battle and Tortured Designer in Docs at Bangkok Design Fest Canadian Electronic Duo Tennyson to Make Some Noise in Bangkok Few Saw Thailand’s ‘Best Picture’ and That’s the Problem Crime & Legal AllCalamityCourtsCrime Divers Join Search for Missing Russian on Koh Tao Supreme Court Upholds Lese Majeste Verdict Against Redshirt Activist ISOC Drops Defamation Suit Over Torture Report Indian Air Ambulance Plane Crashes Near Bangkok, Pilot Dies Videos Giraffe Birth Cam Too Raunchy for YouTube Activists Fear for Fate of Cute Baby Cow in Video Watch ‘Asia’s 50 Best’ Winners Announced Live (Video) Search of Dhammakaya Begins, DSI Chief Says (Video, Photos) Family Man Shoots Teen Dead After Parking Dispute dot.Net Woman’s GrabBike Dinner Date Seduces Lonely Internet Giraffe Birth Cam Too Raunchy for YouTube Old Grievances Flare on Social Media Over Dhammakaya’s Divisiveness Puad Khee! Rose Tea is the New Laxative Trend Dhammachayo’s Bed Not Meant to Deceive, Dhammakaya Says Opinion Article 44 as Strong Medicine and Its Side Effects Goodman vs. Badman IV: Clash of the Thaitans How to Live Under Military Rule? Yue Paen Do it! Sex, Politics and Intolerance. Or, Am I Gay? Are You Qualified to Practice Journalism in Juntaland? Home International Fact Check: Trump’s Skewed Ledger of Achievements News International Fact Check: Trump’s Skewed Ledger of Achievements By Associated Press - March 5, 2017 11:50 am Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter President Donald Trump walks on the tarmac as he waves to the crowd upon his arrival IN January at Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland. Photo: Jose Luis Magana / Associated Press WASHINGTON — The start of a new administration is never a clean slate, even when parties flip. Day One is just another day for military operations, a budget that is still in place from the old crowd and a vast array of economic, social and law enforcement initiatives left over by the last president. You would not know this from President Donald Trump. He loudly and proudly takes credit for any positive development that has bloomed since he took office Jan. 20, even when the roots and buds of it were from President Barack Obama’s time. In his speech to Congress and other remarks in recent days, Trump has claimed credit for: – Big savings in an F-35 fighter jet contract that were in motion well before he became president. – Corporate job announcements that also had been months or longer in the making. – An infusion of money from NATO partners that has not materialized at all, but reflects a long-standing intent by some members to increase their military capabilities. – A tough-on-criminals approach to immigration enforcement that was planned and put into place during Obama’s presidency. – A $12 billion drop in the U.S. debt, a routine blip traced to the regular timing of tax payments and other fiscal factors unconnected to any president. – His plan to restore military supremacy, though he inherited military capabilities that are already second to none. Trump does, though, seek to shift some responsibility to the last administration for an operation he authorized that did not go smoothly – the covert mission in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL and civilians were killed. That mission “was started before I got here,” Trump said. It can take months for a new president to pile up achievements or failures that are truly his own. A look at a selection of his statements from the past week: Trump: Speaking of the NATO alliance, “Our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice. Very nice.” The facts: No new money has come pouring in from NATO allies. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a strong case when he met with allied defense ministers at a NATO gathering last month, pressing them to meet their 2014 commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. Mattis and other leaders said the allies understood the message and there was some discussion about working out plans to meet the goal. Only five of the 28 member countries currently meet the 2 percent level, and no new commitments have been made since the NATO meeting. Others in the alliance have routinely said they will work toward the increase. In any event, the commitment is for these nations to spend more on their own military capabilities, which would strengthen the alliance, not to hand over money.   Trump: “According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America’s taxpayers many billions of dollars a year.” The facts: That’s not exactly what that report says. It says immigrants “contribute to government finances by paying taxes and add expenditures by consuming public services.” The report found that while first-generation immigrants are more expensive to governments than their native-born counterparts, primarily at the state and local level, immigrants’ children “are among the strongest economic and fiscal contributors in the population.” This second generation contributed more in taxes on a per capita basis, for example, than did the rest of the population in the period studied, 1994-2013. The report found that the “long-run fiscal impact” of immigrants and their children would probably be seen as more positive “if their role in sustaining labor force growth and contributing to innovation and entrepreneurial activity were taken into account.”   Trump: “We’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price” of the F-35 jet fighter. The facts: The cost savings he persists in bragging about were secured in full or in large part before he became president. The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions in the contract for the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet Dec. 19 – after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met the company’s CEO about it. Pentagon managers took action even before the election to save money on the contract. Todd Harrison, a defense analyst and aerospace specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said, “I don’t see any evidence to suggest that President Trump had anything to do with this.”   Trump: “Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Wal-Mart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.” The facts: Trump is taking credit for corporate jobs decisions that largely predate his election. In the case of Intel, construction of the factory in Chandler, Arizona, that Trump referred to actually began during Obama’s presidency. The project was delayed by insufficient demand for Intel’s high-powered computer chips, but the company now expects to finish the factory within four years because it anticipates business growth. Some of the job announcements have come after companies, such as the wireless carrier Sprint, reduced their numbers of workers. More important, even as some companies create jobs, others are laying off workers. The best measure of whether more jobs are actually being created is the monthly employment report issued by the Labor Department, which nets out those gains and losses. The department will issue its report for February, the first full month of Trump’s term, on March 10.   Trump: His budget plan will offer “one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.” The facts: Three times in recent years, Congress raised defense budgets by larger percentages than the USD $54 billion, or 10 percent, increase that Trump proposes. The base defense budget grew by USD $41 billion, or 14.3 percent, in 2002; by USD $37 billion, or 11.3 percent, in 2003, and by USD $47 billion, or 10.9 percent, in 2008, according to Defense Department figures. And going back farther, his increase doesn’t come close to ones in the defense budget seen in the early 1980s, when they hit 20 percent or more, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies.   Trump: “Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force.” The facts: That’s true, but for the vast majority of them, it’s because they choose to be. That 94 million figure includes everyone age 16 and older who doesn’t have a job and isn’t looking for one. It also includes retirees, parents who are staying home to raise children, and high school and college students who are studying rather than working. They are unlikely to work regardless of the state of the economy. With the huge baby boomer generation reaching retirement age and many of them retiring, the population of those out of the labor force is increasing and will continue to do so, economists forecast. It’s true that some of those out of the workforce are of working age and have given up looking for work. But that number is probably a small fraction of the 94 million Trump cited. The nation’s unemployment rate stands at 4.8 percent, near the lowest in a decade.   Trump: “Our Navy is now the smallest it’s been since, believe or not, World War I. Don’t worry. It’s going to soon be the largest it’s been.” The facts: No, the fleet is not growing to the largest it’s been, or anything close. The fleet indeed shrank to its smallest size since the decade after World War I – bottoming out at 271 in 2015 before rising to 274 this year, compared with 139 in 1930. But that number alone is not that meaningful. The nature of warfare has changed since the naval battles of the world wars; the rise of air power is just one significant factor. As well, for the past few decades the Navy has dramatically increased the warfighting effectiveness of its ships, meaning it can do more with far fewer vessels than it could during the Cold War, for example. The fleet stood at a record high of 6,768 fighting ships during World War II, declined gradually in the 1950s and 1960s and dropped significantly after the Vietnam War. During the 1990s the number fell from the high 500s to the mid-300s as the Navy decommissioned many older ships and the U.S. reaped a “peace dividend” from the end of the Cold War. The count includes aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, amphibious assault ships and other large combat ships. The fleet may grow more than planned if Trump’s military expansion is approved by Congress. But no one is talking about matching – much less exceeding – the enormous armada of another age. The number of Navy personnel has fallen over time, too, from more than 725,000 in 1954 to about 323,000 now. It’s unlikely to grow anywhere near that higher level.   Trump: “According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home – from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center.” The facts: It’s unclear what Justice Department data he’s citing, but the most recent government information doesn’t back up his claim. Just over half the people Trump talks about were born in the United States, according to Homeland Security Department research. That report said of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or carry out an attack in the U.S., just over half were native-born citizens. Even the attacks Trump singled out weren’t entirely the work of foreigners. Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his Pakistani wife killed 14 people in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, was born in Chicago. It’s true that in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11, the FBI’s primary concern was with terrorists from overseas feared to be plotting attacks in the United States. But that’s no longer the case. The FBI and the Justice Department have been preoccupied with violent extremists from inside the U.S. who are inspired by the calls to violence and mayhem of the Islamic State group. The Justice Department has prosecuted scores of IS-related cases since 2014, and many of the defendants are U.S. citizens.   Trump on military capability: “We are going to have very soon the finest equipment in the world.” The facts: Pentagon leaders have said for years that the U.S. already has the world’s best weaponry and military equipment. They sometimes claim the U.S. is in danger of losing its advantage unless the Congress continues to spend heavily to develop and build new generations of weapons. The Navy’s top officer, Adm. John Richardson, has said repeatedly that the Navy is the world’s finest. He also has said the Navy must adapt to a world of changing security threats. Richardson’s main focus has been on sharpening and changing the way sailors think about the nature of war, rather than relying on bigger budgets. “We will not be able to ‘buy’ our way out of the challenges that we face,” he wrote in a January 2016 plan for maintaining U.S. naval superiority. Story: Calvin Woodward, Jim Drinkard TAGS Trump SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleAl Jazeera’s Report on Dhammakaya Chopped by TrueVisions (Video) Next articlePoll Reveals 72% Know Little About Article 44 Associated Press RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Trump Signs New Anti-Terror Travel Ban Trump Seeks Congress’ Help on Wiretap Claim; FBI Disputes It White House Staff Told to Preserve Russia-Related Materials Fact Check: Trump Takes Credit He Hasn’t Earned Trump Plans $54 Billion Hike in Military Spending Swedes Puzzle Over Fox News’ Fake Swedish ‘Security Advisor’ (Video) REAL NEWS, WITHOUT FEAR OR FAVOR. GET FRESH NEWS EVERY DAY Follow us 94,332FansLike 1,373FollowersFollow 15,584FollowersFollow 149SubscribersSubscribe Latest news Divers Join Search for Missing Russian on Koh Tao Supreme Court Upholds Lese Majeste Verdict Against Redshirt Activist ISOC Drops Defamation Suit Over Torture Report Bangkok’s Dusit Thani Hotel Gets Date With Wrecking Ball Malaysia Bans N. Korean Embassy Staff From Leaving Country Coming up in Bangkok! Run Dark, Bright and Glowing at ‘Blacklight’ Race Architects Battle and Tortured Designer in Docs at Bangkok Design Fest Canadian Electronic Duo Tennyson to Make Some Noise in Bangkok J-Rockers Bringing ‘Your Name’ Anthem to Bangkok Dance to Psychedelic Beats and Stateside Drum ‘n Bass This Weekend Bangkok few clouds enter location 33.5 ° C 34 ° 33 ° 46% 6.2kmh 20% Wed 35 ° Thu 32 ° Fri 35 ° Sat 37 ° Sun 36 ° Follow us on Instagram @khaosodenglish ABOUT USCopyright 2017 Khaosod English 40/10 S. Thetsaban Nimit Tai Road Prachaniwet, Chatuchak Bangkok, Thailand, 10900 contact@khaosodenglish.com FOLLOW US MORE STORIES Run Dark, Bright and Glowing at ‘Blacklight’ Race March 7, 2017 3:58 pm Divers Join Search for Missing Russian on Koh Tao March 7, 2017 3:41 pm Architects Battle and Tortured Designer in Docs at Bangkok Design Fest March 7, 2017 3:35 pm Truehits.net
Third annual 'Blessing of the Bikes' held in Laurel - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Black History Month 2016 Heart headlines My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Our local commitment WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Third annual 'Blessing of the Bikes' held in Laurel 2017-03-04T23:45:24Z2017-03-04T23:45:33Z By Charles Herrington, Reporter Email Connect cherrington@wdam.com Motorcycle riders gather in Laurel Saturday for a "Blessing of the Bikes." Photo credit WDAM. LAUREL, MS (WDAM) - Dozens of Pine Belt motorcyclists gathered in Laurel Saturday to pray for safe travels.   About 150 bikers got together in the parking lot of the Walmart for the third annual "Blessing of the Bikes." It was organized by the Christian Motorcyclists Association, but was open to all individual riders and motorcycle clubs. Officers from both the Laurel Police Department and the Jones County Sheriff's Department attended. In two weeks, another "Blessing of the Bikes" will be held on the Coast. About 500 bikers are expected to attend that event.  Copyright 2017 WDAM. All rights reserved.    News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Person critical after crashing into pole Person critical after crashing into pole Updated: Monday, March 6 2017 11:24 PM EST2017-03-07 04:24:15 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A person is in critical condition after a crash.More >> A person is in critical condition after a crash.More >> Police investigate heated exchange at Southaven CiCi's Police investigate heated exchange at Southaven CiCi's Updated: Monday, March 6 2017 11:23 PM EST2017-03-07 04:23:49 GMT (Source: Facebook) Police are investigating after two families erupted into mayhem at CiCi’s Pizza in Southaven.More >> Police are investigating after two families erupted into mayhem at CiCi’s Pizza in Southaven.More >> Grizzlies fall to league-worst Nets at home Grizzlies fall to league-worst Nets at home Updated: Monday, March 6 2017 11:23 PM EST2017-03-07 04:23:25 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) The pre-All-Star break Memphis Grizzlies have been nowhere to be seen as of late. Monday night, the team was beaten handily by the Brooklyn Nets, who own the worst record in the NBA.More >> The pre-All-Star break Memphis Grizzlies have been nowhere to be seen as of late. Monday night, the team was beaten handily by the Brooklyn Nets, who own the worst record in the NBA.More >> Woman in critical condition after Horn Lake shooting Woman in critical condition after Horn Lake shooting Updated: Monday, March 6 2017 11:16 PM EST2017-03-07 04:16:32 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) A woman is in critical condition after she was shot in Horn Lake.More >> A woman is in critical condition after she was shot in Horn Lake.More >> Annual Vietnam Veterans celebration featured Medal of Honor recipient Annual Vietnam Veterans celebration featured Medal of Honor recipient Updated: Monday, March 6 2017 11:14 PM EST2017-03-07 04:14:01 GMT (SOURCE: Nelia Dempsey) An annual celebration four years ago in the Mid-South has continued to grow each year.   More >> An annual celebration four years ago in the Mid-South has continued to grow each year.  More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
× Weather Alert Information Alert data provided by http://alerts.weather.gov/ Close Contact Us Register Login DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines Wheels Advertise Membership E-Paper High/Low: Humidity: Wind: Sunrise: Sunset: Visibility: View Full Forecast starting , ending . Powered by Forecast.io Local Toggle SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS OPINION COLUMNS & BLOGS ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS & VIDEO OBITUARIES News Sports Opinion Columns & Blogs Arts & Entertainment Photos & Video Obituaries DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines WHEELS Advertise Membership E-Paper Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World Special Reports Maps & Data Military UCONN High School Local Colleges Professional GameDay Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Sports Features News Opinion Horoscopes Dear Abby Games & Puzzles Lifestyle Events & Exhibits Food & Drink Arts & Music Movies & TV Live Lunch Photo Galleries Videos GameDay Place an Ad Today's Listings Pets Garage & Yard Sales Map Jobs Local Coupons Deal of the Day Rewards Business Directory Job Fair Local Jobs Homes of Distinction Find Local Listings Homes of Distinction Your Good Health Sound & Country Products Milestones Legal Obituary Classified Contact Us My Account Passport Rewards Subscribe Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives WARNING: This site requires JavaScript enabled to provide the best user experience possible. Please enable JavaScript within your browser for this site! LATEST NEWS Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close East Windsor residents brace for changes casino would bring East Windsor resident John Hensley is seen on his porch Thursday, March 2, 2017. He thinks the casino proposed by the Mohegan and Mashantucket Pequot tribes should have gone to a referendum vote. He lives in a neighborhood just a short distance from the former Showcase Cinemas site that has been selected to host the new casino. (Dana Jensen/The Day) Published March 04. 2017 6:46PM | Updated March 05. 2017 6:43PM By Brian Hallenbeck  Day staff writer b.hallenbeck@theday.com  bjhallenbeck East Windsor — Kevin Brown had some good news for people here last week. “You’ve arrived,” he announced. That was right before Brown, chairman of the Mohegan Tribe, and Rodney Butler, his Mashantucket Pequot counterpart, signed an agreement spelling out how the tribes’ MMCT Venture would compensate East Windsor for hosting a third Connecticut casino. If the state blesses the project — a sizable if at this point — it would be built on an abandoned site off Interstate 91, which cuts through East Windsor’s northwest corner. The site’s about an hour from the tribes’ respective southeastern Connecticut casinos, Mohegan Sun and Foxwoods. More important, it’s about 15 minutes from Springfield, Mass., where a competing casino’s taking shape. Many in town surely agreed with Brown’s assertion. Indeed, the vast majority of residents who packed the middle school auditorium one night in late January voiced overwhelming support for a casino in their midst. One of the most ardent voices was that of Selectman Steve Dearborn. “We’re not growing, we’re not going anywhere,” he said. “It’s going to put us on the map.” But not everyone in town agrees, with some arguing that there should have been a referendum on whether East Windsor should host a casino. “Should have been a vote,” said Clem Wierkrykas, who was approached as he left the Big Y supermarket on Prospect Hill Road. “I don’t want a casino. We don’t need one.” Wierkrykas said he’s lived in town for 30 years. “Everything’s going to change,” he said. “It’s going to wreck my peace and quiet.” The Big Y’s right near the casino site, now occupied by a vacant Showcase Cinemas that screened its last matinee in 2008. Between the Big Y and the boarded-up movie theater stands a vacant former Wal-Mart store that the chain replaced with a nearby “supercenter” a few years ago. Not far from the casino site, John Hensley, a Prospect Hill Drive resident, came out onto his porch to field a reporter’s questions. A casino opponent, he faulted First Selectman Robert Maynard for forgoing a referendum, theorizing that Maynard must have figured it would fail. Maynard, who joined the tribal chairmen in signing the casino agreement, has said the casino project meets zoning regulations and therefore no referendum was required. “There’s a hell of a difference between a movie theater and a gambling facility,” Hensley said. “I’m worried that in the future, the town of East Windsor is going to take the revenues from the casino and start expanding government, give the town managers pay raises and then, in five or six years, the casino moves out and leaves the burden for taxpayers. ... The movie theater didn’t work out. What if the casino doesn’t work out?” Two of Hensley’s neighbors were on opposite sides of the fence. “I’m in favor of it,” said Roberto Vazquez, who visits Foxwoods several times a year. “I don’t think it’ll stop people from going to Springfield, though.” Melissa Downie said she and her boyfriend, a longtime East Windsor resident, were worried about some of the social ills regularly associated with casinos. “I know they say the crime is low around them, but I don’t believe it,” she said. "... We went to the meeting in January and ended up leaving. We knew what we had to say wouldn’t make a difference.” Asked if there should have been a referendum, Downie said, “Absolutely. People should have a voice.”  Denise Kaluna, manager of the Main Street Grille in the heart of the town’s Broad Brook section, opposite the Opera House community theater (East Windsor has a strip club, too), thinks the casino just might be salvation. “Personally, I don’t see any issue with it,” she said. “We need jobs. Everybody needs jobs, every town needs jobs.” A mother of two, Kaluna said the revenue the town would get from the casino — an estimated $8.5 million a year in taxes and “mitigation” payments, according to the agreement — could address many needs. She said the middle school her youngest son, a seventh-grader, attends had to eliminate its music program and the basketball team last year. Her older son opted to attend Cheney Tech in Manchester rather than East Windsor High. “The library needs books, the schools need supplies,” she said. “If they’re going to help our community programs, I’m all for it. ... People are worried about the traffic — well, they’ll figure that out.” Even before they settled on East Windsor, the tribes donated $3,000 to the town youth center’s annual fundraiser. As Maynard, the first selectman, said at the agreement signing, “This project is an amazing opportunity for East Windsor.” Still, the question of whether there should have been a referendum lingers. On Friday, the Coalition Against Casino Expansion in Connecticut, an alliance of more than a dozen mostly faith-based groups, announced it would hold a forum in town Monday night to discuss plans for a petition drive calling for a referendum. Former Congressman Bob Steele, a coalition organizer and an active foe of expanded gaming, is to be among the speakers. In addition, a public hearing on legislation legalizing another casino in the state will be held Thursday in Hartford. While one bill offered by the Public Safety and Security Committee essentially would sanction the tribes' plan for an East Windsor casino, another measure would open up the casino-approval process to competitve bidding.  So, it remains unclear whether East Windsor, in the eyes of some, actually has arrived. But if it has, “In another 18 months,” John Hensley, the Prospect Hill Drive resident, said, “I’ll be seeing some big, bright lights from my bedroom window. Nothing here will be the same.” b.hallenbeck@theday.com Denise Kaluna, manager of the Main Street Grille in East Windsor, is seen Thursday, March 2, 2017. She thinks the casino proposed by the Mohegan and Mashantucket Pequot tribes would bring jobs to the town. (Dana Jensen/The Day) The Showcase Cinemas site in East Windsor, seen Thursday, March 2, 2017, has been selected as the proposed site for the Mohegan and Mashantucket Pequot tribes new casino. (Dana Jensen/The Day) Kevin Brown, chairman of the Mohegan tribe, left, and Rodney Butler, chairman of the Mashantucket Pequot tribe, right, answer questions after they and First Selectman Robert Maynard, center, signed a paper to formalize the partnership between the tribal nations and the town of East Windsor for a new casino during a signing ceremony at the Scout Hall Youth Center in East Windsor on Thursday, March 2, 2017. (Dana Jensen/The Day) Previous Article Next Article Loading comment count... Commenting is closed. Comment threads are monitored for 48 hours after publication and then closed. READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 Police: Woman receives delivery of cocaine 2 Attorney says city shirking its duty at Crystal Avenue high-rises 3 Police logs - March 7 4 Why a weird legal dispute about whether the Snuggie is a blanket actually matters a lot 5 Insurers become latest Hartford enablers 6 Waterford survives first round scare, advances in Class M 7 Samuelson, Huskies dominate South Florida 100-44 in AAC final 8 Is a CEO worth $200 million? Shareholders at rail giant CSX think so 9 Police charge pair with selling heroin, cocaine out of Norwich home 10 Stonington man's mental health bill to get legislative hearing MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 Highlights: Waterford 72, Bulkeley 70 2 Billet Night at CGA 3 Car in the Thames River in Groton City 4 The All-GameDay Basketball Team 2017 MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 Kathryn Court Estates takes shape in Waterford 13 2 UConn rolls, faces South Florida for AAC women's tournament title on Monday night 13 3 Police: Woman receives delivery of cocaine 12 4 Retired ICE lawyer believes "simple" law update could solve immigration problem 12 5 New London police charge man with growing marijuana in his home 12 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
Friend on Facebook Follow on Facebook Watch on YouTube Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close HOME News Local News Politics Elections SoCal National World News Op/Ed Local Southwest Rivco Temecula Murrieta Menifee Moreno Valley Wildomar Aguanga Corona French Valley Hemet Lake Elsinore Perris Sun City San Jacinto Norco Education Fire Sheriff’s Log SoCal News Imperial County Orange County Los Angeles County Riverside County San Bernardino San Diego County Entertainment Dining Dining Reviews Arts Celebrity News Out and About Music Scene Business Sports Live Traffic More Announcements Faith Health Military Motor Scene Real Estate Obituaries Pets Village News Anza Valley Outlook CLASSIFIEDS Printed Edition (Online) En Español Events About Us Contact Us Sign up for our Newsletter Contact the editor Letters to the editor Inquire about advertising Inquire about Classifieds Comment about a story Request Event Coverage Submit a Press Release Submit an Obituary Report a technical issue Hemet’s old Stetson Street bridge in to be replaced by 2018-19 By Tony Ault on March 4, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post The Stetson Street bridge across the flood control channel at Cawston Avenue shows signs of damage from years of use and weather. Weight on the bridge is limited to vehicles 10,000 pounds or less but has been deemed safe by engineers. Tony Ault photos Hemet City Council has approved a $243,800 amended contract to engineer the replacement of the old Stetson Street and Cawston Avenue bridge near the airport that in need of serious repair. While the bridge is safe for most traffic, loads over 10,000 pounds are not recommended. The city successfully applied for a Federal Highway Bridge Replacement program grant in 2012 that is administrated through Caltrans Local Assistance for $955,000 to replace the bridge. The grant funds were programmed for construction in 2018-19. Michael Baker Corporation was awarded the amended contract that was increased by $45,000 bringing the total to $243,800. Mayor Pro Tem Michael Percival urged the firm at the Feb. 14 meeting to make sure they finished the engineering portion as soon as possible and to start the construction phase by 2018 because the condition of the bridge shows loose wooden support columns and deteriorating cement walls. He said the bridge is heavily traveled by traffic to and from the Wal-Mart center on Sanderson Avenue along with heavy semitractor-trailers. He said that signs showing the 10,000-pound weight level should be placed in more visible locations before the bridge. The city and county fire services stationed at the airport have some tanker trucks that weigh over that limit and need to be rerouted away from the bridge for safety. However, engineers are inspecting the bridge regularly and report it is safe for traffic under the weight limit. In other business at the Feb. 14 meeting, the council heard recruiting updates from Police Chief Dave Brown and Fire Chief Scott Brown. Scott Brown said since the city approved a $2.2 million advance against expected Measure U sales tax funds, his department has already hired nine new firefighters and paramedics but lost two to outside agencies and a battalion chief. They have promoted five of their firefighters and have had 12 applicants for the three open battalion chief positions. He said they were particularly pleased that Station No. 5 in east Hemet has been reopened and is fully staffed with a paramedic. Dave Brown said his department has hired two trained police officers and four entry-level police officers. He said he hoped to have 10 more officers by the end of June 2018. He explained that hiring trained and experienced officers from other departments, known as hiring laterally, with the help of signing bonuses of $10,000 to $25,000 could save the city as much a $3 million in the long run. The Stetson Street bridge across the flood control channel at Cawston Avenue shows signs of damage from years of use and weather. Weight on the bridge is limited to vehicles 10,000 pounds or less but has been deemed safe by engineers. Tony Ault photos Share this: Tweet More Share on Tumblr Print Email Related Hemet’s old Stetson Street bridge in to be replaced by 2018-19 added by Tony Ault on March 4, 2017 View all posts by Tony Ault → Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comments Protected by WP-SpamShield Spam Blocker Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. My Valley Weather Temecula Last Updated on Mar 7 2017, 12:55 am PST Weather by NOAA Current Conditions: Fair Temp: 41°F Wind: NE at 3mph Humidity: 87% Dewpoint: 37.4°F Your 5-Day Forecast at a Glance 951-763-5510 | 1588 S. Mission Rd. Suite 201, Fallbrook CA 92028 Valley News | Copyright © 2016 Village News, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev New travel ban order draws mix of reactions in Minnesota Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Likely tornado touches down near Zimmerman Was state to blame in White Bear Lake's decline? MN Senate rejects Real ID measure for driver's licenses On East Lake Street, debate heats up over 'livability crimes' Gophers, with Fleck fully in charge, get off to elite start for spring ball Free agency might be unkind to Peterson Gophers' Pitino named Big Ten Coach of the Year David Letterman: 'The only person I can trust anymore is Al Franken' next Business Lee Schafer: Target's price-cut jargon is not fooling investors March 4, 2017 — 2:00pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint LEE SCHAFER @LeeASchafer The leaders of Target ought to at least consider ditching the use of the term price investment. Their institutional shareholders know exactly what this retail industry jargon means, so it's not like anyone's really fooled. A good reason to stay away from this sort of gentle euphemism for unpleasant things is to keep grounded about the unpleasantness. And at Target, cutting prices can't mean things are going really well. For the novices, that's the basic translation of price investment, "cutting retail prices to keep customers coming." Retailers talk price investments all the time, as Target did last week in New York in laying out a fundamental change in thinking. The Minneapolis-based company's "investment" just this year would represent a big part of an expected $400 million hit to expected gross profits. Cutting prices is one response to what Target CEO Brian Cornell last week called "an incredibly challenging environment," with a brutal two-front war underway with Wal-Mart Stores and Amazon.com, along with more limited campaigns to repel dollar stores, grocery discounters and e-commerce sites. Target executives also talked about the effects of other retailers going into retreat. While it might sound helpful for competitors to shut down stores, it can't benefit Target's 2017 results when a Macy's going-out-of-business sale has a shirt marked down so much that it's cheaper than what's available at Target. As shareholders digested the Target presentation, the stock price slipped, ending the day down 12 percent. That's no surprise, since estimates of future earnings per share got whacked. Yet investors also had to be digesting an unspoken message, an admission from Target that its last strategy hasn't been working. There's no question the recent results haven't been stellar. One particular concern is customer traffic, the number of people walking out the front door with merchandise or using a website. For the fourth quarter it was a bit better but still had declined for the full fiscal year. The Target operation is a very complex machine with many levers to throw, and management is choosing right now to throw quite a few of them. A transcript of the discussion outlining the new plan contained so many details on store remodeling, a new way of shipping products to stores and other ideas that it ran to two dozen single-spaced pages. Yet based on the notes that analysts put out after the presentation, they were clearly reminded of a similar corporate presentation in New York that took place in October 2015. That's when Wal-Mart's chief financial officer, using the same kind of upbeat tone that characterized Target's presentation, stood on a stage and said "over the next three years we will invest several billion dollars into price." Wal-Mart shares then had their worst trading day in 15 years. It wasn't a great day for other retailers' shares either, as Target's stock price slipped nearly 4 percent. You didn't need a Harvard MBA to understand what would happen to profitability in the industry with Wal-Mart once again determined to hold the low-price position in the market. "We estimate that 30 to 40 percent of the staples retail industry is now ramping price intensity in consumables to spark traffic and capture share," the research team of Wall Street firm Credit Suisse wrote in a bearish note last week. "[Wal-Mart] has been the most aggressive, but others like Target have responded. This unprecedented level of activity is only likely to spread further. … We think it's unlikely this strategy will drive incremental gross profit growth for almost anyone in this space." In 2015 Wal-Mart might have had no real choice, as being cheaper than everybody else is a key part of its identity. But the strategy has been effective. Since Wal-Mart announced its determination to cut prices, along with other non-price initiatives, it has done better than Target. Its fourth quarter was the ninth in a row with increased customer traffic in its U.S. stores. Even its consolidated gross profit margin has widened. Last week in New York, Cornell explained that Target's plans are more nuanced than simply slashing prices. The company has run too many promotions as it fought to recover from a 2013 data breach, he said, so trimming prices is one way to reeducate customers to expect low prices all the time. He also made the point that prices aren't coming down across the store, as lower prices are needed primarily on "core essential and food categories," the kind of things that have traditionally filled the top of the shopping list for a weekly Target run. As for the rest the store, Target's strategy has never been to have the cheapest prices, just cheap enough to not let price be the reason the customer walked out empty-handed. Target has only ever won when the perception of value appealed to the customer. That's more complicated than just a number printed on a price tag, of course, although the formula certainly includes the price, as well as having the item in the right size and color. Another big part of value is the quality of the buying experience. That could mean the ease of sorting Target coupons on a smartphone or even the lighting when walking through a store's parking lot. This management team certainly understands that, which explains other parts of the new plan, like the launch over the next couple of years of more than a dozen exclusive brands. Nothing about a task that big sounds easy, yet even if some flop miserably it's the kind of initiative Target should be trying. Instead of price investments, Cornell should have talked last week about Target making value investments. No one would have known right away what he was talking about, and as retailing jargon it sounds even sillier than price investments. But at least investors wouldn't now be focusing on how Target is cutting prices to stay in the game. lee.schafer@startribune.com 612-673-4302 Lee Schafer came to the Star Tribune after 15 years as a corporate officer, consultant and investment banker in the Twin Cities. He has been a columnist for Twin Cities Business magazine and was senior editor for Corporate Report Minnesota. Follow @LeeASchafer lee.schafer@startribune.com 612-673-4302 @LeeASchafer View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Likely tornado touches down near Zimmerman Stowaway cat survives 400-mile ride beneath St. Paul owner's semi-truck House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul David Letterman: 'The only person I can trust anymore is Al Franken' Free agency might be unkind to Peterson AP FACT CHECK: Trump takes credit for jobs, arrests Is General Mills ripe for a takeover? Speculation intensifies Strong economy should trump post-election fear Looking to close 100 stores, Macy's still talking about Minneapolis remake plan Klobuchar, Franken set to query Target CFO at Senate hearing More From Lee Schafer Business March 6 Ex-Target exec jumps into a tough situation at Uber A highlight of Jeff Jones' four years as chief marketing officer at Target had to have been an inspirational blog post he put on his… Business February 25 Schafer: R&D isn't dead, it's broken No one should have been surprised when the Office of the Legislative Auditor found the Minnesota research-and-development tax credit to be a net drain on… Business February 18 Manufacturing job losses, yes, but gains for trained Minnesota workers Here's one of the ironies in looking ahead at how the nature of work is going to change — manufacturing may actually be a bright spot. St. Paul February 17 Schafer: Creating jobs takes a lot of hard work Not that long ago a chamber president like Matt Kramer of the St. Paul Area Chamber of Commerce would join with just about everybody else… Top Stories New travel ban order draws mix of reactions in Minnesota Mar. 6 Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds 12:24am House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul 12:50am Most Read Ex-Target exec jumps into a tough situation at Uber • Business HealthPartners CEO Mary Brainerd to retire after 15 years at the helm • Business Best Buy moves from Renew Blue turnaround to growth phase • Business Small airports, Minn. towns fear privatizing air traffic control • Business Jay Z in collaboration with Twin Cities asset management firm • Business World North Korea fires 4 banned ballistic missiles into sea UK lawmakers to companies: End sexist high-heel dress codes Nation NYPD agrees to greater oversight after spying on Muslims White supremacists have 'unprecedented outreach' to try to recruit college students, ADL says Politics House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Trump offers Planned Parenthood funds if it halts abortions markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Yeo's visit as Blues coach is about success vs. Wild, and for his son Wild keeping practices short but efficient Wolves Wet floor forces Wolves to postpone home game Scoggins: Even with postponement, Aussie gets taste of being Wolves fan Gophers Gophers, with Fleck fully in charge, get off to elite start for spring ball Gophers' Pitino named Big Ten Coach of the Year Celebrities Kate McKinnon of SNL lampoons Sessions in 'Forrest Gump' parody (Video) One Direction's Louis Tomlinson arrested in airport scuffle Vikings 'A true professional.' Vikings' Greenway to announce retirement Free agency might be unkind to Peterson poll Poll: What do you think of the Wild's trade with Arizona? 10,000 Takes Minnesotans are loving this mild winter, but I want more cold and snow In becoming a U.S. citizen, I realized I've been an American all along Featured Gallery Take a tour of the new Palace Theatre in St. Paul 14 photos The big, new music venue is being ran by First Avenue general manager Nate ... Featured Video Art Shanty project is an inspiring way to enjoy winter 01:17 Minnesota people talk about their Art Shanty' experiences on the open weekend ... Taste Young Joni in Minneapolis serves up restaurant of the future Granite City restaurant in St. Louis Park to close StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
HOME CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISING SUBMIT NEWS SUBSCRIBE ABOUT US UPDATE DAILY UPDATE BREAKING NEWS NEWS NEWS HEADLINES NEWS BRIEFS BUSINESS HEADLINES TRUE CRIME CHUPACABRA SPORTS SPORTS HEADLINES VIEW BY SPORT... BASEBALL BASKETBALL CROSS COUNTRY FOOTBALL GOLF POWERLIFTING RODEO SOCCER SOFTBALL SWIMMING TRACK VOLLEYBALL WCMSPORTS.COM FRIDAY NIGHT RESULTS OBITUARIES OPINION OPINION COLUMNS COLUMNS BY AUTHOR... RACEY BURDEN JOY CARRICO ROY J. EATON RICHARD GREENE JAKE HARRIS GERRE JOINER BRIAN KNOX ERIKA PEDROZA ED STERLING KRISTEN TRIBE DAVID TALLEY LETTERS TO THE EDITOR EDITORIAL CARTOONS LIFESTYLE WEDDINGS, ENGAGEMENTS & ANNIVERSARIES NEW ARRIVALS EDUCATION EDUCATION HEADLINES HONOR ROLLS YOUTH SPOKEN PHOTOS/VIDEOS PHOTO FEATURES PHOTO REPRINTS VIDEO DIGITAL SUBSCRIBERS READ LATEST EDITION SPECIAL SECTIONS ALL AROUND WISE COLUMNS & BLOGS AG NEWS FOCUS ON 4H GARDENER'S MAILBAG LIFE IS KID'S STUFF LIFE MATTERS MOM'S THE WORD MOVIE MAN TRUE CRIME WISE NOTES LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Kindess and compassion appreciated By Ellen Whitley | Published Saturday, March 4, 2017 Tags: Bridgeport People say that people don’t care, but I beg to differ. I want to say “thank you” to the wonderful folks at our Decatur Wal-Mart for coming to my aid on March 1. I felt ill in the restroom and found myself with the all-to-familiar feeling of faintness. Thank goodness there is a bench in the restroom. I was able to make my way to it and lie down. A friendly voice asked if I was OK. I told her I wasn’t sure, and she asked if she could do anything for me. I told her I felt as though I were going to pass out and asked her for some water. A few other employees also came in, and one got me a wet towel to put on my neck. I couldn’t get up or even sit up! They asked me if I wanted them to call for an ambulance to which I agreed, and they were kind enough to have the ambulance come to the back of the store, so I would have some privacy. Then the ambulance EMTs, Christi [Walker] and Austin [Marr], took me to the emergency room. They were very compassionate, and I am grateful for their assistance. I admire all the EMTs and paramedics who do such wonderful work in and around our community. The staff at Wise Health System ER was outstanding, and I can’t thank them enough. So thank you to all who were involved in my care. Your actions are proof that kindness and compassion are not dead. Just come to Wise County and see for yourself. Ellen Whitley Bridgeport Leave a Reply. Note: As of March 24, 2011, all posted comments will include the users full name. WCMessenger.com News and Blog Comment Guidelines Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Login Username Password Remember Me Register| Forgot Password? Recent Opinion Recent Letters Driving hogs proves to be tedious task Teamwork sabotaged by Pig’s stubborn streak Oscar ‘oops’ hits a nerve in the newsroom Federal judge sides with plaintiffs in Planned Parenthood case Mending fences while building walls Popularity isn’t everything Tougher laws can also make it tougher for victims Paxton files brief in support of president’s immigration order College board antics only reinforce the need for Wise representation Turning off the news (briefly) MORE OPINION... Kindess and compassion appreciated Vouchers will destroy public education Use of biosolids ruining community Thornberry’s brags unsubstantiated Pruitt poor choice to lead EPA Studying economic inflation County overlooking road problem Flynn should be investigated Holiday decor appreciated Bursting with gratitude MORE LETTERS... © 2017 Wise County Messenger | PO Box 149, 115 South Trinity | Decatur, Texas 76234 | 940-627-5987 | E-mail webmaster@wcmessenger.com
Skip to main content Home Subscription Obits Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted Weather Circulars Jail mugs MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Calendar of Events Weather Featured White House aides defend Trump’s wiretapping claim North Korea fires 4 banned ballistic missiles into sea Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Rec Calendar Hy-Vee Hoopla Bracket Challenge Featured High re-guards: Glatczak, Peterson fight through setbacks, relish chance to finish season at state K-State’s Parker Rigler named Big 12 pitcher of the week after throwing no-hitter Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Connected Celebrations Place an Announcement Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Featured AP Poll: Divided Americans fret country losing identity More businesses moving to Nebraska Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Matt Johnson: Trump without the teleprompter Ramesh Ponnuru: Trump’s speech was expensive and effective Connect With Us Newspapers in Education Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Local Business Directory Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Subscriptions Subscribe Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted March 3, 2017 06:01 pm - Updated March 3, 2017 10:32 pm By Josh Rouse joshua.rouse@cjonline.com Josh Rouse: Nintendo borrows from own rich history to create Switch — a handheld-console hybrid Switch released Friday alongside “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild,” other launch titles A screenshot of “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild” for the Nintendo Switch. (NINTENDO) Nintendo released its newest contribution to the gaming world on Friday with the official launch of its Nintendo Switch handheld/console hybrid at stores across the nation. Many stores, including Topeka’s four full-sized Walmart stores, Best Buy and GameStop, celebrated the event with midnight releases of the console, though stock was mainly limited to those who pre-ordered the consoles. A few extra devices were available for sale, though an employee at local game store Gamers HQ noted the console was difficult to come by and was being distributed mostly through larger retail outlets at this time. The device costs $299.99 and can be used either as a handheld gaming device, a 6.2-inch portable tablet with a kickstand that can be played with one or two remote Joy Con controllers or as a home gaming console, with a dock connecting the main unit to your home television at HD quality. The Switch houses 32 GB of internal flash memory that can be expanded via a microSDHC or microSDXC card (up to 2 TB when released). The dock includes one USB 3.0 connection and two USB 2.0 connections and the unit itself has a USB Type-C connection. It also has Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.1 connectivity. The major launch-day title for the Switch was “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild,” an open-world Zelda game that is enormous in scope. “1-2 Switch” is another launch title that, similar to the Wii’s “Wii Sports” game is meant to get people up and moving in a casual-gaming setting. The Bomberman series will get a new title of its own with “Super Bomberman R,” which was available as of Friday’s launch, as were “Just Dance 2017,” “Snipperclips - Cut it out, together!,” “Fast RMX,” “I am Setsuna,” two “Shovel Knight” titles and “Skylanders Imaginators.” What makes the device truly special is that it seems to be almost a Frankenstein-like creation, using some of the best parts from Nintendo’s long history of gaming consoles and handhelds to create a new, unique device. For instance, the Joy Cons are reminiscent of a Wii remote and can even be played like one, but they also can be turned on their side and played like an NES or Super Nintendo controller. The handheld screen is similar to the Wii U but with the portability of the Nintendo 3DS and has a near-field communications reader for amiibo connectivity. It’s also backlit, which seems like common sense now but was revolutionary when the Game Boy Advance SP introduced it in 2003. The controls use the Wii and Wii U’s motion sensors as part of the gaming experience, with added features that allow the system to tell the distance and position of your hand. The games also run on tiny game cartridges, harkening back to the console glory days of the Nintendo 64. Because of their small size, the cartridges have been coated with a bitter-tasting agent to prevent young children from putting the games in their mouths. As for later releases, “Blaster Master Zero” comes out March 9, “Mario Sports Superstars” is slated for March 24, and “Mario Kart 8 Deluxe” launches April 28. Other major titles to launch at later dates include “Splatoon 2,” set for a summer 2017 release, “NBA 2K18” in September 2017, “The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim” remaster in the fall of 2017 and “Super Mario Odyssey” during the holiday 2017 season. A follow-up to “Pokemon Sun and Moon” also is reported to be in the works, with the rumored title being “Pokemon Stars.” The release date hasn’t been announced. After checking the system out for the first time on Friday, I have to say I am impressed. You can view the video of news editor Clay Wirestone and I testing it out on The Topeka Capital-Journal’s Facebook page or on the online version of this column. Advertisement Most Popular News Mon, 03/06/2017 - 23:07 Light damage reported after two tornadoes touch down in Shawnee County News Mon, 03/06/2017 - 13:30 Lindemuth case: 2,000-plus more firearms located News Mon, 03/06/2017 - 08:49 Kansas, facing huge budget deficits, wonders what to do next: a Q&A News Mon, 03/06/2017 - 22:05 Lawmaker floats Abilene as alternative to Lansing prison, but state says no plans   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Mon, 03/06/2017 - 22:22 Confidence grows for Boys & Girls Club Topeka Youth of the Year Mon, 03/06/2017 - 21:44 Auburn-Washburn board discusses college and career planning tool Mon, 03/06/2017 - 21:40 U.S. Supreme Court: Jury secrecy no bar to looking into race bias Mon, 03/06/2017 - 21:34 U.S. Supreme Court won’t say if trans teen can pick bathroom Load more This script tag should be placed in the footer:   Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2017. All Rights Reserved. X
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow World March 4, 2017 12:31 pm Updated: March 4, 2017 12:45 pm Donald Trump fact check: His claims about NATO, jobs, military, immigration are mostly false By Calvin Woodward and Jim Drinkard The Associated Press WATCH ABOVE: Trump’s ‘Russian problem’ grows as more private meetings with U.S. officials revealed. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen WASHINGTON — The start of a new administration is never a clean slate, even when parties flip. Day One is just another day for military operations, a budget that is still in place from the old crowd and a vast array of economic, social and law enforcement initiatives left over by the last president. You would not know this from President Donald Trump. READ MORE: Donald Trump takes credit for jobs that predated his presidency He loudly and proudly takes credit for any positive development that has bloomed since he took office Jan. 20, even when the roots and buds of it were from President Barack Obama’s time. In his speech to Congress and other remarks in recent days, Trump has claimed credit for: big savings in an F-35 fighter jet contract that were in motion well before he became president. corporate job announcements that also had been months or longer in the making. an infusion of money from NATO partners that has not materialized at all, but reflects a long-standing intent by some members to increase their military capabilities. a tough-on-criminals approach to immigration enforcement that was planned and put into place during Obama’s presidency. a $12 billion drop in the U.S. debt, a routine blip traced to the regular timing of tax payments and other fiscal factors unconnected to any president. his plan to restore military supremacy, though he inherited military capabilities that are already second to none. WATCH: Trump alleges wiretapping by Obama; gives no evidence Trump does, though, seek to shift some responsibility to the last administration for an operation he authorized that did not go smoothly — the covert mission in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL and civilians were killed. That mission “was started before I got here,” Trump said. It can take months for a new president to pile up achievements or failures that are truly his own. A look at a selection of his statements from the past week: Story continues below WATCH ABOVE: Trump says he strongly supports NATO TRUMP: Speaking of the NATO alliance, “Our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice. Very nice.” THE FACTS: No new money has come pouring in from NATO allies. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a strong case when he met with allied defense ministers at a NATO gathering last month, pressing them to meet their 2014 commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. Mattis and other leaders said the allies understood the message and there was some discussion about working out plans to meet the goal. Only five of the 28 member countries currently meet the 2 percent level, and no new commitments have been made since the NATO meeting. Others in the alliance have routinely said they will work toward the increase. In any event, the commitment is for these nations to spend more on their own military capabilities, which would strengthen the alliance, not to hand over money. READ MORE: Who in Trump’s inner circle doesn’t have ties to Russia? TRUMP: “According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America’s taxpayers many billions of dollars a year.” THE FACTS: That’s not exactly what that report says. It says immigrants “contribute to government finances by paying taxes and add expenditures by consuming public services.” The report found that while first-generation immigrants are more expensive to governments than their native-born counterparts, primarily at the state and local level, immigrants’ children “are among the strongest economic and fiscal contributors in the population.” This second generation contributed more in taxes on a per capita basis, for example, than did the rest of the population in the period studied, 1994-2013. The report found that the “long-run fiscal impact” of immigrants and their children would probably be seen as more positive “if their role in sustaining labor force growth and contributing to innovation and entrepreneurial activity were taken into account.” WATCH: Trump discusses money saved on Air Force One and for allies on F-35s TRUMP: “We’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price” of the F-35 jet fighter. THE FACTS: The cost savings he persists in bragging about were secured in full or in large part before he became president. The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions in the contract for the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet Dec. 19 — after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met the company’s CEO about it. Pentagon managers took action even before the election to save money on the contract. Todd Harrison, a defense analyst and aerospace specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said, “I don’t see any evidence to suggest that President Trump had anything to do with this.” WATCH: President Trump says he will bring manufacturing jobs back to America TRUMP: “Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Wal-Mart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.” THE FACTS: Trump is taking credit for corporate jobs decisions that largely predate his election. In the case of Intel, construction of the factory in Chandler, Arizona, that Trump referred to actually began during Obama’s presidency. The project was delayed by insufficient demand for Intel’s high-powered computer chips, but the company now expects to finish the factory within four years because it anticipates business growth. READ MORE: Donald Trump saves jobs in Indiana: good PR, bad economics or something else? Some of the job announcements have come after companies, such as the wireless carrier Sprint, reduced their numbers of workers. More important, even as some companies create jobs, others are laying off workers. The best measure of whether more jobs are actually being created is the monthly employment report issued by the Labor Department, which nets out those gains and losses. The department will issue its report for February, the first full month of Trump’s term, on March 10. WATCH: Trump vows to lift defense sequester TRUMP: His budget plan will offer “one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.” THE FACTS: Three times in recent years, Congress raised defense budgets by larger percentages than the $54 billion, or 10 percent, increase that Trump proposes. The base defense budget grew by $41 billion, or 14.3 percent, in 2002; by $37 billion, or 11.3 percent, in 2003, and by $47 billion, or 10.9 percent, in 2008, according to Defense Department figures. And going back farther, his increase doesn’t come close to ones in the defense budget seen in the early 1980s, when they hit 20 percent or more, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies. WATCH: Trump wants to restore U.S. auto industry jobs TRUMP: “Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labour force.” THE FACTS: That’s true, but for the vast majority of them, it’s because they choose to be. That 94 million figure includes everyone age 16 and older who doesn’t have a job and isn’t looking for one. It also includes retirees, parents who are staying home to raise children, and high school and college students who are studying rather than working. They are unlikely to work regardless of the state of the economy. With the huge baby boomer generation reaching retirement age and many of them retiring, the population of those out of the labor force is increasing and will continue to do so, economists forecast. It’s true that some of those out of the workforce are of working age and have given up looking for work. But that number is probably a small fraction of the 94 million Trump cited. The nation’s unemployment rate stands at 4.8 percent, near the lowest in a decade. WATCH: President Trump to speak about military spending as new scandal looms TRUMP: “Our Navy is now the smallest it’s been since, believe or not, World War I. Don’t worry. It’s going to soon be the largest it’s been.” THE FACTS: No, the fleet is not growing to the largest it’s been, or anything close. The fleet indeed shrank to its smallest size since the decade after World War I — bottoming out at 271 in 2015 before rising to 274 this year, compared with 139 in 1930. But that number alone is not that meaningful. The nature of warfare has changed since the naval battles of the world wars; the rise of air power is just one significant factor. As well, for the past few decades the Navy has dramatically increased the warfighting effectiveness of its ships, meaning it can do more with far fewer vessels than it could during the Cold War, for example. The fleet stood at a record high of 6,768 fighting ships during World War II, declined gradually in the 1950s and 1960s and dropped significantly after the Vietnam War. During the 1990s the number fell from the high 500s to the mid-300s as the Navy decommissioned many older ships and the U.S. reaped a “peace dividend” from the end of the Cold War. The count includes aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, amphibious assault ships and other large combat ships. The fleet may grow more than planned if Trump’s military expansion is approved by Congress. But no one is talking about matching — much less exceeding — the enormous armada of another age. The number of Navy personnel has fallen over time, too, from more than 725,000 in 1954 to about 323,000 now. It’s unlikely to grow anywhere near that higher level. WATCH: President Trump calls illegal immigrant removal a ‘military operation’ TRUMP: “According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home — from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center.” THE FACTS: It’s unclear what Justice Department data he’s citing, but the most recent government information doesn’t back up his claim. Just over half the people Trump talks about were born in the United States, according to Homeland Security Department research. That report said of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or carry out an attack in the U.S., just over half were native-born citizens. Even the attacks Trump singled out weren’t entirely the work of foreigners. Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his Pakistani wife killed 14 people in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, was born in Chicago. READ MORE: Donald Trump missed some key facts about immigrants It’s true that in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11, the FBI’s primary concern was with terrorists from overseas feared to be plotting attacks in the United States. But that’s no longer the case. The FBI and the Justice Department have been preoccupied with violent extremists from inside the U.S. who are inspired by the calls to violence and mayhem of the Islamic State group. The Justice Department has prosecuted scores of IS-related cases since 2014, and many of the defendants are U.S. citizens. WATCH: President Trump said he will send a budget to Congress that’s “one of the largest increases in national defence spending” TRUMP on military capability: “We are going to have very soon the finest equipment in the world.” THE FACTS: Pentagon leaders have said for years that the U.S. already has the world’s best weaponry and military equipment. They sometimes claim the U.S. is in danger of losing its advantage unless the Congress continues to spend heavily to develop and build new generations of weapons. The Navy’s top officer, Adm. John Richardson, has said repeatedly that the Navy is the world’s finest. He also has said the Navy must adapt to a world of changing security threats. Richardson’s main focus has been on sharpening and changing the way sailors think about the nature of war, rather than relying on bigger budgets. “We will not be able to ‘buy’ our way out of the challenges that we face,” he wrote in a January 2016 plan for maintaining U.S. naval superiority.   © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Defense Secretary Jim Mattis Donald Trump donald trump fact check Donald Trump immigrant comments Donald Trump immigration Donald Trump jobs Donald trump NATO Donald Trump Russia F-35 Fighter Jet NATO President Donald Trump Editor's Picks Health Why are colon cancer rates in Gen Xers and millennials in Canada rising? Canada Reality check: Canada's economic growth lower than it looks World Canada braces for spring surge of asylum seekers Tech What you need to know about 'Cloudbleed,' the latest internet security bug Tech Who is responsible when a self-driving car crashes? Insurance companies aren't sure yet Asylum By boat, taxi and on foot, latest asylum seeker into Manitoba describes long journey Canada Oil will help Alberta's economy lead Canada in 2017. But that won't translate into more jobs FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now US Park Service photos challenge Donald Trump on inauguration crowd size 5092 Canadian tax deadline: 9 things you need to know 4877 Montreal woman denied entry to U.S., told she needs immigration visa 4707 Bill Paxton's official cause of death revealed 2689 97-year-old twin sisters freeze to death after falling just steps from Rhode Island home 1966 Sponsored content Popular Videos Calgary couple turned away from U.S. for pardoned criminal record WATCH NOW Remarkable Canadian invention helps physically challenged WATCH NOW 3 Alberta families issue warning to people buying puppies online WATCH NOW Man alleges he was mistreated by security at West Edmonton Mall WATCH NOW Denied access to US because of pot past WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Richest Family in America’s Huge Trades Highlight Insider Selling: Wal-Mart, Apple, Wayfair, Equifax and More By Lee Jackson March 4, 2017 9:50 am EST Print Email Tweet While the end of the trading week was an up-and-down ride, once again the stock market hit new all-time highs as investors rushed in to buy shares. While the Trump rally has had an exceptional run since the election, it looks to be extended and getting a little tired. One thing is becoming evident, insiders are selling gigantic amounts of stock each and every week, and as long as we stay at these lofty levels, that probably will continue. We cover insider selling every week at 24/7 Wall St., and we like to remind readers that just because an individual or 10% institutional owner sells stock, that is no cause for immediate alarm. Many top executives, and even directors, are compensated with stock and often sell just to diversify portfolios or purchase other assets. Here are companies that reported notable insider selling this past week. The richest family in America is the Walton family, heirs of Sam Walton, founder of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) back in the 1960s. This past week the family trust and an individual sold massive amounts of the stock bearing their name. Robson Walton parted with a total of 6,439,502 shares of the iconic retailer at share prices between $70.44 and $72.79. The total for the sales was a stunning $470 million. Meanwhile, the Walton Family Trust sold a total of 4.4 million shares for a total value of $314 million. Shares closed last Friday at $70.03. The 52-week trading range for the stock is $62.72 to $75.19, and the consensus price target on Wall Street is $74.94. Another huge American success story, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) also had a big seller this past week. A director at the technology giant shed a total of 215,000 shares of the stock with a total value of $29.5 million. However, the $136.72 per share sale price compares with Friday’s close at $139.78. The 52-week range for the stock is $89.47 to $140.48, and the consensus price target is $142.48. Wayfair Inc. (NYSE: W) is another company that had a board member selling last week. That director parted with a total of 498,682 shares of the e-commerce giant at prices between $37.78 and $38.32. The total or the sale was set at $19 million. The shares closed last Friday at $36.37, so it appears to be a well-timed sale. The 52-week trading range is $27.60 to $49.34. The consensus price objective is $41.93. At Tyler Technologies Inc. (NYSE: TYL) yet another director was busy selling stock. The 39,234 shares of the integrated information management solutions provider went at prices that ranged from $155.00 to $156.65 per share. The total for the sale was set at $6 million. The stock closed Friday at $152.87, in a 52-week range of $118.16 to $175.17. The posted consensus price target is $180.09. The top man at Equifax Inc. (NYSE: EFX) sold a big chunk of stock last week. CEO Richard Smith parted ways with 74,346 shares at prices that fell between $130.74 and $131.40. The total for the trade was set at $10 million. The stock ended the week at $132.80. The 52-week range for the shares is $104.66 to $139.67, and the consensus price objective is $140.50. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   These companies also reported insider selling last week: Flowserve Corp. (NYSE: FLS), GrubHub Inc. (NYSE: GRUB), MGM Resorts International (NYSE: MGM), Ultratech Inc. (NASDAQ: UTEK) and Valmont Industries Inc. (NYSE: VMI). At the risk of sounding repetitive, the volume and total dollars of insider selling continues to swamp that of the insider buying, and it looks to remain that way. While not alarming in regards to the companies involved, it could be a sign that the market is topping and a correction is close By Lee Jackson « Why Analysts Are Looking at Valeant Pharma Differently After Earnings Jefferies Cuts 2017 Natural Gas Price Forecast, Changes Ratings on Producers » Read more: Investing, featured, Insider Activity, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Flowserve (NYSE:FLS), GRUB, MGM Resorts International (NYSE:MGM), Valmont Industries, Inc. (NYSE:VMI), W, Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Employer in Every State The 25 Healthiest Cities in America The Most Iconic Job in Every State The Richest Town in Every State 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent The Happiest (and Most Miserable) Cities in America The Bull Market Turns 8 Years Old: Shocking News Headlines Then Versus Now Rite Aid, Frontier Communications Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club JPMorgan, Intel Sink DJIA on Monday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Douglas Dynamics Overcomes a Weak Winter Apple Stock Nears $140: Still a Buy? 4 New Must-Read Quotes From Tesla, Inc. CEO Elon Musk Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,964.99 France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,968.75 U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,359.58 Why Is Nokia (NOK) Up 9.5% Since the Last Earnings Report? Computer Sciences (CSC) Up 11% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Why Is Sirius XM (SIRI) Up 7.5% Since the Last Earnings Report? Snap slumps 12 percent, closes at lowest since IPO Asian stocks climb, oil down amid U.S. supply glut concerns VW CEO sees no immediate trouble from PSA-Opel deal Australia's Economy Avoids Recession China Shares Edge Up on Tech Gains Nikkei Closes Lower, Small Caps Buck Trend Republicans Just Made It Easier For Companies To Exploit Workers Donald Trump Will Decide Whether You Get Overtime Pay White House Lifts Several Sentences From Exxon Mobil Press Release Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Tuesday, March 07, 2017 12:23 PM Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar. Login Sign up Sign Out MENU HOME Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall My News Home Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall MY NEWS Please sign in now. Email: Password: Confirmation Code: Activate account Resend confirmation code Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Sign up Please Sign up Now. Activate account Resend confirmation code play pause JD.com to get $2.1bn in finance arm’s spinoff March 04 2017 07:57 PM Business Eco./Bus. News RELATED STORIES Scandals test voters’ patience with French politicians Manmohan, ex-minister deny favouring Mallya Google's Waymo adds 100 Chryslers to self-driving fleet Fans keep faith as critics take sabres to 'Rogue One' US markets upended as quarter-end strains meet new policy shift Migrant Smuggling Florida coast Jungle camp dress JD.com’s revenue hit 80.3bn yuan for the three months ended December, beating the 76.7bn yuan average of analysts’ estimates, as Chinese spending online grew alongside the country’s middle class. Text Size: A A A Bloomberg/Beijing JD.com Inc agreed to sell its finance arm for 14.3bn yuan ($2.1bn) in cash while retaining a share of its future profits, part of a deal to spin off the fast-growing division and create a strong rival to billionaire Jack Ma’s Ant Financial. The sale and spinoff of JD Finance, a payments and investment business, will be completed by the middle of 2017, the Beijing-based company said on Thursday without naming buyers or investors apart from chief executive officer Richard Liu. The co-founder said in November he intended to split finance away from its core e-commerce business, a similar structure to what Alibaba Group Holding has with affiliate Ant Financial. The deal was outlined as Wal-Mart-backed JD reported revenue that beat analysts’ estimates. A spinoff will create a financial services powerhouse capable of providing a host of loan, securities and insurance products, Liu told staff this year. It would help it gain necessary regulatory licenses by raising money solely from domestic investors. JD Finance last raised funds in 2016 at a valuation of about $7bn. Hiving off JD’s entire 68.6% stake in JD Finance might also make the e-commerce operator itself more attractive to investors. “Confirming the sale is positive because they’re generating cash for an asset that no one had really assigned a discrete value to,” said New Street Research analyst Kirk Boodry. “The financial risk that comes with JD Finance is not something that JD investors want to  assume.” A foray into online finance will pit JD’s payments arm against Ma’s Zhejiang Ant Small & Micro Financial Services Group, the largest of a growing crop of online finance players looking to serve smaller businesses and individuals traditionally neglected by state-run banks. JD will get 40% of JD Finance’s future pretax profits, an arrangement akin to the one Alibaba maintains with Ant. It has reserved the right to swap this for 40% of the finance unit’s equity in the future. Under the deal, Liu will take about 4.3% of the unit, but maintain a majority of voting rights through proxy agreements. Liu wants his corporate empire to become one of the 10 largest Fortune 500 companies within 12 years. JD’s revenue hit 80.3bn yuan for the three months ended December, beating the 76.7bn yuan average of analysts’ estimates, as Chinese spending online grew alongside the country’s middle class. The net loss was 1.8bn yuan, compared with projections for a loss of 1.6bn yuan. Both Alibaba and JD are now targeting rural China as urban markets become saturated. E-commerce in the countryside is expected to take off alongside rising smartphone and internet penetration, even as physical retail remains under-developed. JD predicted revenue in the first quarter of 2017 would reach 72.3bn yuan to 74.3bn yuan, compared with the 73bn forecast by analysts. “The top-line growth was much better than we expected and an acceleration from last quarter,” Boodry said, adding the operating loss was lower than expected. “We still like the story.” 0 COMMENTS There are no comments. LEAVE A COMMENT Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked* Your Comment (must be logged in)* *You must register and complete fields Please you have to log in POST COMMENT MORE NEWS Al Meera ’16 profit tops QR199mn READ MORE QNBFS wins ‘2016 Best Broker in Qatar’ award from EMEA Finance READ MORE Fed may continue raising short-term rates gradually: QNB READ MORE Egypt wheat spend spree is likely blip in bloated market READ MORE Bouncing back from cash ban, India is chasing sharp V-shaped recovery READ MORE Saudi pitch to fund titans: Have $2tn, need expertise READ MORE Ambani’s Reliance stake revamp to cut tax liability READ MORE India plans to sell 51% shares in Air India READ MORE Where S Korea’s teetering, debt-laden firms go to bank READ MORE play pause Top News N Korea bars Malaysians from leaving as murder row boils 3/7/2017 9:26:38 AM QU organises 11th Career Fair 3/6/2017 11:42:04 PM Pawnee tribe sues firms over quakes 3/6/2017 11:11:56 PM Solar electricity company to start generation by 2020 3/6/2017 11:10:35 PM Qatar’s Jassim wins Emir Cup title 3/6/2017 9:52:11 PM POPULAR LATEST Iron ore could touch $100 on China’s infrastructure spree Business Mar 5, 2017 Major boost for traffic as Al Kharaitiyat Interchange opens Qatar Mar 5, 2017 Warning over Lotus biscuit spread jars Qatar Mar 7, 2017 Woqod to open 15 new stations Qatar Mar 5, 2017 Enrique never got the same credit as Guardiola at Barca Opinion Mar 6, 2017 Light showers, strong winds expected on Monday Qatar Mar 5, 2017 Offshore warning, slight drop in temperature Qatar Mar 6, 2017 Qatar sets sights on a smart future Qatar Mar 7, 2017 US-backed Iraqi forces capture Mosul bridge Region Mar 6, 2017 Tokyo 2020 seen having $284bn economic impact Japan Mar 7, 2017 Emerging economies’ currencies surge despite hopes of Fed’s monetary tightening Business Mar 6, 2017 Merritt among Olympic stars to win US indoor titles Sport Mar 6, 2017 “I’ve always believed in people, and staying the course” Culture Mar 6, 2017 Trump’s revolutionary dilemma Opinion Mar 6, 2017 HAPPENING IN DOHAMore Revival of Qatar's musical heritage and Qatari Folk singing program 9/3/2017 Aspire Splash and Dash 8/3/2017 Fitness training 7/3/2017 Picasso-Giacometti exhibition 6/3/2017 All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.Browse GULF TIMES on any device Mobile, tablet or ipad FOLLOW US GULF TIMES SITE MAP Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds Spotlight Newswall My News Powered By Information About Us Contact Us Careers ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES Newspaper Website SiteMap Site Content Usage
null
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews Charlotte Hall Woman Arrested for Shoplifting at Walmart February 27, 2017 Jessica Nicole Michael, 26, of Charlotte Hall On Wednesday, February 15, 2107, Deputy D. Potter of the St. Mary’s County Sheriff’s Office responded to the Walmart in California for a reported theft. The suspect, Jessica Nicole Michael, 26, of Charlotte Hall, attempted to conceal merchandise and exit the store, but was stopped by an asset protection employee. While being arrested, it was discovered Michael was in possession of suspected Suboxone and paraphernalia, including hypodermic needles. Michael was arrested and charged with Possession – CDS Not Marijuana and Theft Under $100. Jessica Nicole Michael, 26, of Charlotte Hall   This entry was posted on February 27, 2017 at 7:15 am and is filed under All News, Community, County, Law Enforcement, St. Mary's News, Top News, z Police Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. 27 Responses to Charlotte Hall Woman Arrested for Shoplifting at Walmart Roy Rodger on February 27, 2017 at 7:17 am She’s got a better stache than me! Reply Anonymous on March 1, 2017 at 10:59 am He/She has 3 first names! Reply Ms. Justice bb on February 27, 2017 at 7:38 am This young lady needs treatment. The devil made her do it! Reply 10monthsclean on February 28, 2017 at 8:10 am She’s been in and out of treatment several times. I was in treatment with her last year! Only difference I’m 10 months clean! Reply HDMI on February 27, 2017 at 8:49 am Wow!what a scank! Reply Anonymous on February 27, 2017 at 8:58 am Scary Reply Tell You What on February 27, 2017 at 9:43 am Is it ironic Deputy Potter arrested a Hermione lookalike? Reply I'm Madder on February 27, 2017 at 2:00 pm You win the interwebz of the day! Reply Anonymous on February 27, 2017 at 10:34 am Another junkie thief. And people wonder why we all aren’t waiting in line to throw money at junkies to help get them clean. All I see is another waste of tax payer money and another wasted life. Don’t worry, judges love to release junkies who steal dozens of times before they hand out a real punishment. She won’t see more then a day in jail and she won’t learn a thing from this experience. Reply John doe on February 27, 2017 at 3:21 pm Just so you know… Incarceration cost roughly 26000 a year per inmate, whereas rehab costs roughly 6000. With that information being known, what is more of a waste of taxpayer money? Reply Ura Douche on February 28, 2017 at 6:28 am Letting them live…. Reply Anonymous on February 28, 2017 at 8:15 am Both, if people would learn how to act like adults and be responsible the tax payers would not have to come off of any money. Are you saying she should get a free pass for the theft charge? Let me ask you what would be a better use of any of that money? Sending someone to rehab or prison verses sending someone who can’t afford a good college to college. It is no secret that, with a few exceptions of course, addicts and criminals contribute very little to society even after they are clean. College graduates can find lucrative jobs, pay taxes, and stop the cycle of poverty. You say jail costs too much, well that is only because they are given too many privileges. Take away all privileges, the only thing a prisoner needs is walls, bars, a cot, and 3 minimal meals a day. I bet with a bunch of cuts we can get the incarceration cost close to the rehab cost and prison would become a punishment again. As it is now the prisoners live better than a large group of the poor in this country. They get things for free that at one time in my life I had to cut out because I considered it a luxury that I could not afford at the time. Soft on crime thinking is ruining this country and people keep sitting back and wondering why crime rates are raising for the first time in years, drug addiction is out of control, murder in some cities is rising fast, etc… Everybody keeps blaming the doctors but doctors used to hand the drugs to anyone with a paper cut and we did not have the problems we have today. I blame all these soft punishments and programs. Reply John doe on March 4, 2017 at 1:03 am Crime rates have risen minimally this year but still remain near a 30 year low. But for your other points, no I dont think they should be let go. They should be made to work off the amount of whatever they stole,or do community service. That’s beneficial to the community and its free for the taxpayers. I was just pointing out the fact that people will say they don’t want their tax money being wasted on rehab, but will happily allow 3x that much to be spent on incarceration. Rehab does not always work. People are right about that, but statistics show incarceration has even higher rates of recidivism. Also, prisoner privilege is not necessarily the reason incarceration is expensive. In Maricopa county, where their is a jail that makes inmates stay outside in tents and other things to cut costs, it still costs roughly the same per inmate as it does nationally elsewhere. You make valid points about the money being spent on education. I agree. But all that is irrelevant, all I wanted was to point out the irony in the original statement. Reply Anonymous on February 28, 2017 at 8:20 am I agree. We should let junkies commit crimes and not hold them accountable for their actions. Rehab them 6 or 7 times, or until they die, that would definitely solve the problem. Waste of taxpayer money indeed. Reply Chewy dewey on February 28, 2017 at 4:15 pm But when you go to rehab you have to want to quit, herchances of a relapse are high and would probably end up in jail or unfortunately dead. Sad, but true. . Reply Anonymous on February 27, 2017 at 10:37 am Yikes. Reply LallyLomma on February 27, 2017 at 10:46 am Wild guess, she was stealing peanuts? Wonder if she had safe shelter during that wind storm. I bet she can hear me typing this about her Reply Sivak on February 27, 2017 at 10:49 am Should’ve allowed her to shave before the mugshot. Reply Billy on February 27, 2017 at 11:13 pm She’s a dude! Reply Anonymous on February 27, 2017 at 12:26 pm The real name is most likely Michael Nicole Jessica. Weird to have 3 first names. Reply Crazy Fool on February 27, 2017 at 3:22 pm HaHaHa You all aren’t right… LMBO Reply Anonymous on February 27, 2017 at 3:50 pm I mustache, Was it really worth it? Reply Tell You What on February 27, 2017 at 5:56 pm I’ll answer that question but I’m shaving it for later. Reply Anonymous on February 27, 2017 at 10:58 pm I wonder if she was trying to steal razors or Nair!?!??..if so I would have let her ass go! and the unfortunate truth is..she will get off..they will force her to do a drug treatment program…it will go in one ear and out the other…why?…becausecit wasn’t her choice to get the help. So she will waste everyone’s time..taxpayers money and still do the same sh*t! Sad!! Reply Anonymous on February 28, 2017 at 6:30 am Aunt Bunny! Reply anonymous on February 28, 2017 at 10:03 am Addiction is no joke and until someone is truly willing to stop no matter What they won’t. I personally know that she has been to multiple rehabs and when caught bringing “stuff” into the treatment center they were still offering for her to stay for help and she walked out on her own. If your not sick of being sick and tired then nothing will stop you until the pain gets great enough you might have the chance to surrender. She’s very fortunate she is still alive and has a chance. Recovery is possible, you just have to truly want it. I think everyone should stop bashing her and just pray for her. Just my opinion. Reply Anonymous on February 28, 2017 at 10:19 am i am not going to down anyone. i just hope that people like this. will get help with this epedimic. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment * Name Email Southern Maryland Weather 48° clear sky humidity: 71% wind: 8mph SSW H 48 • L 48 56° Wed 65° Thu 50° Fri 38° Sat 36° Sun extended forecast Weather from OpenWeatherMap Archives March 2017 (66) February 2017 (241) January 2017 (250) December 2016 (241) November 2016 (256) October 2016 (319) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (275) July 2016 (240) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (372) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (324) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (296) December 2015 (299) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (264) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (594) June 2013 (560) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments1 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Politics AP FACT CHECK: Trump’s skewed ledger of achievements The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it FILE - In this March 2, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump gestures as he speaks to Navy and shipyard personnel aboard nuclear aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford at Newport News Shipbuilding in Newport News, Va. (Steve Helber, File/Associated Press) By Calvin Woodward and Jim Drinkard | AP By Calvin Woodward and Jim Drinkard | AP March 4 WASHINGTON — The start of a new administration is never a clean slate, even when parties flip. Day One is just another day for military operations, a budget that is still in place from the old crowd and a vast array of economic, social and law enforcement initiatives left over by the last president. You would not know this from President Donald Trump. He loudly and proudly takes credit for any positive development that has bloomed since he took office Jan. 20, even when the roots and buds of it were from President Barack Obama’s time. In his speech to Congress and other remarks in recent days, Trump has claimed credit for: —big savings in an F-35 fighter jet contract that were in motion well before he became president. —corporate job announcements that also had been months or longer in the making. —an infusion of money from NATO partners that has not materialized at all, but reflects a long-standing intent by some members to increase their military capabilities. —a tough-on-criminals approach to immigration enforcement that was planned and put into place during Obama’s presidency. —a $12 billion drop in the U.S. debt, a routine blip traced to the regular timing of tax payments and other fiscal factors unconnected to any president. —his plan to restore military supremacy, though he inherited military capabilities that are already second to none. Trump does, though, seek to shift some responsibility to the last administration for an operation he authorized that did not go smoothly — the covert mission in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL and civilians were killed. That mission “was started before I got here,” Trump said. It can take months for a new president to pile up achievements or failures that are truly his own. A look at a selection of his statements from the past week: TRUMP: Speaking of the NATO alliance, “Our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice. Very nice.” THE FACTS: No new money has come pouring in from NATO allies. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a strong case when he met with allied defense ministers at a NATO gathering last month, pressing them to meet their 2014 commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. Mattis and other leaders said the allies understood the message and there was some discussion about working out plans to meet the goal. Only five of the 28 member countries currently meet the 2 percent level, and no new commitments have been made since the NATO meeting. Others in the alliance have routinely said they will work toward the increase. In any event, the commitment is for these nations to spend more on their own military capabilities, which would strengthen the alliance, not to hand over money. ___ TRUMP: “According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America’s taxpayers many billions of dollars a year.” THE FACTS: That’s not exactly what that report says. It says immigrants “contribute to government finances by paying taxes and add expenditures by consuming public services.” The report found that while first-generation immigrants are more expensive to governments than their native-born counterparts, primarily at the state and local level, immigrants’ children “are among the strongest economic and fiscal contributors in the population.” This second generation contributed more in taxes on a per capita basis, for example, than did the rest of the population in the period studied, 1994-2013. The report found that the “long-run fiscal impact” of immigrants and their children would probably be seen as more positive “if their role in sustaining labor force growth and contributing to innovation and entrepreneurial activity were taken into account.” ___ TRUMP: “We’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price” of the F-35 jet fighter. THE FACTS: The cost savings he persists in bragging about were secured in full or in large part before he became president. The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions in the contract for the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet Dec. 19 — after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met the company’s CEO about it. Pentagon managers took action even before the election to save money on the contract. Todd Harrison, a defense analyst and aerospace specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said, “I don’t see any evidence to suggest that President Trump had anything to do with this.” ___ TRUMP: “Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Wal-Mart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.” THE FACTS: Trump is taking credit for corporate jobs decisions that largely predate his election. In the case of Intel, construction of the factory in Chandler, Arizona, that Trump referred to actually began during Obama’s presidency. The project was delayed by insufficient demand for Intel’s high-powered computer chips, but the company now expects to finish the factory within four years because it anticipates business growth. Some of the job announcements have come after companies, such as the wireless carrier Sprint, reduced their numbers of workers. More important, even as some companies create jobs, others are laying off workers. The best measure of whether more jobs are actually being created is the monthly employment report issued by the Labor Department, which nets out those gains and losses. The department will issue its report for February, the first full month of Trump’s term, on March 10. ___ TRUMP: His budget plan will offer “one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.” THE FACTS: Three times in recent years, Congress raised defense budgets by larger percentages than the $54 billion, or 10 percent, increase that Trump proposes. The base defense budget grew by $41 billion, or 14.3 percent, in 2002; by $37 billion, or 11.3 percent, in 2003, and by $47 billion, or 10.9 percent, in 2008, according to Defense Department figures. And going back farther, his increase doesn’t come close to ones in the defense budget seen in the early 1980s, when they hit 20 percent or more, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies. ___ TRUMP: “Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force.” THE FACTS: That’s true, but for the vast majority of them, it’s because they choose to be. That 94 million figure includes everyone age 16 and older who doesn’t have a job and isn’t looking for one. It also includes retirees, parents who are staying home to raise children, and high school and college students who are studying rather than working. They are unlikely to work regardless of the state of the economy. With the huge baby boomer generation reaching retirement age and many of them retiring, the population of those out of the labor force is increasing and will continue to do so, economists forecast. It’s true that some of those out of the workforce are of working age and have given up looking for work. But that number is probably a small fraction of the 94 million Trump cited. The nation’s unemployment rate stands at 4.8 percent, near the lowest in a decade. ___ TRUMP: “Our Navy is now the smallest it’s been since, believe or not, World War I. Don’t worry. It’s going to soon be the largest it’s been.” THE FACTS: No, the fleet is not growing to the largest it’s been, or anything close. The fleet indeed shrank to its smallest size since the decade after World War I — bottoming out at 271 in 2015 before rising to 274 this year, compared with 139 in 1930. But that number alone is not that meaningful. The nature of warfare has changed since the naval battles of the world wars; the rise of air power is just one significant factor. As well, for the past few decades the Navy has dramatically increased the warfighting effectiveness of its ships, meaning it can do more with far fewer vessels than it could during the Cold War, for example. The fleet stood at a record high of 6,768 fighting ships during World War II, declined gradually in the 1950s and 1960s and dropped significantly after the Vietnam War. During the 1990s the number fell from the high 500s to the mid-300s as the Navy decommissioned many older ships and the U.S. reaped a “peace dividend” from the end of the Cold War. The count includes aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, amphibious assault ships and other large combat ships. The fleet may grow more than planned if Trump’s military expansion is approved by Congress. But no one is talking about matching — much less exceeding — the enormous armada of another age. The number of Navy personnel has fallen over time, too, from more than 725,000 in 1954 to about 323,000 now. It’s unlikely to grow anywhere near that higher level. ___ TRUMP: “According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home — from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center.” THE FACTS: It’s unclear what Justice Department data he’s citing, but the most recent government information doesn’t back up his claim. Just over half the people Trump talks about were born in the United States, according to Homeland Security Department research. That report said of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or carry out an attack in the U.S., just over half were native-born citizens. Even the attacks Trump singled out weren’t entirely the work of foreigners. Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his Pakistani wife killed 14 people in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, was born in Chicago. It’s true that in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11, the FBI’s primary concern was with terrorists from overseas feared to be plotting attacks in the United States. But that’s no longer the case. The FBI and the Justice Department have been preoccupied with violent extremists from inside the U.S. who are inspired by the calls to violence and mayhem of the Islamic State group. The Justice Department has prosecuted scores of IS-related cases since 2014, and many of the defendants are U.S. citizens. ___ TRUMP on military capability: “We are going to have very soon the finest equipment in the world.” THE FACTS: Pentagon leaders have said for years that the U.S. already has the world’s best weaponry and military equipment. They sometimes claim the U.S. is in danger of losing its advantage unless the Congress continues to spend heavily to develop and build new generations of weapons. The Navy’s top officer, Adm. John Richardson, has said repeatedly that the Navy is the world’s finest. He also has said the Navy must adapt to a world of changing security threats. Richardson’s main focus has been on sharpening and changing the way sailors think about the nature of war, rather than relying on bigger budgets. “We will not be able to ‘buy’ our way out of the challenges that we face,” he wrote in a January 2016 plan for maintaining U.S. naval superiority. ___ Find all AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd ___ Associated Press writers Robert Burns, Alicia A. Caldwell, Eric Tucker, Lolita C. Baldor and Christopher S. Rugaber contributed to this report. EDITOR’S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. politics congress Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters politics congress Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 1 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 1 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 White House aides contort themselves trying to defend Trump wiretap claims 2 Inside Trump’s fury: The president rages at leaks, setbacks and accusations 3 Analysis The astounding political divide over what it means to be ‘American’ 4 FBI Director Comey asked Justice officials to refute Trump’s unproven wiretapping claim 5 Analysis ‘Stupid Watergate’: John Oliver mocks Trump’s Russia scandal — and the president’s response Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts politics congress Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad AP FACT CHECK: Trump's skewed ledger of achievements By Associated Press Published: 09:24 EST, 4 March 2017 | Updated: 09:29 EST, 4 March 2017 e-mail WASHINGTON (AP) - The start of a new administration is never a clean slate, even when parties flip. Day One is just another day for military operations, a budget that is still in place from the old crowd and a vast array of economic, social and law enforcement initiatives left over by the last president. You would not know this from President Donald Trump. He loudly and proudly takes credit for any positive development that has bloomed since he took office Jan. 20, even when the roots and buds of it were from President Barack Obama's time. In his speech to Congress and other remarks in recent days, Trump has claimed credit for: FILE - In this March 2, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump gestures as he speaks to Navy and shipyard personnel aboard nuclear aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford at Newport News Shipbuilding in Newport News, Va. (AP Photo/Steve Helber, File) -big savings in an F-35 fighter jet contract that were in motion well before he became president. -corporate job announcements that also had been months or longer in the making. -an infusion of money from NATO partners that has not materialized at all, but reflects a long-standing intent by some members to increase their military capabilities. -a tough-on-criminals approach to immigration enforcement that was planned and put into place during Obama's presidency. -a $12 billion drop in the U.S. debt, a routine blip traced to the regular timing of tax payments and other fiscal factors unconnected to any president. -his plan to restore military supremacy, though he inherited military capabilities that are already second to none. Trump does, though, seek to shift some responsibility to the last administration for an operation he authorized that did not go smoothly - the covert mission in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL and civilians were killed. That mission "was started before I got here," Trump said. It can take months for a new president to pile up achievements or failures that are truly his own. A look at a selection of his statements from the past week: TRUMP: Speaking of the NATO alliance, "Our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice. Very nice." THE FACTS: No new money has come pouring in from NATO allies. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a strong case when he met with allied defense ministers at a NATO gathering last month, pressing them to meet their 2014 commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. Mattis and other leaders said the allies understood the message and there was some discussion about working out plans to meet the goal. Only five of the 28 member countries currently meet the 2 percent level, and no new commitments have been made since the NATO meeting. Others in the alliance have routinely said they will work toward the increase. In any event, the commitment is for these nations to spend more on their own military capabilities, which would strengthen the alliance, not to hand over money. ___ TRUMP: "According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America's taxpayers many billions of dollars a year." THE FACTS: That's not exactly what that report says. It says immigrants "contribute to government finances by paying taxes and add expenditures by consuming public services." The report found that while first-generation immigrants are more expensive to governments than their native-born counterparts, primarily at the state and local level, immigrants' children "are among the strongest economic and fiscal contributors in the population." This second generation contributed more in taxes on a per capita basis, for example, than did the rest of the population in the period studied, 1994-2013. The report found that the "long-run fiscal impact" of immigrants and their children would probably be seen as more positive "if their role in sustaining labor force growth and contributing to innovation and entrepreneurial activity were taken into account." ___ TRUMP: "We've saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price" of the F-35 jet fighter. THE FACTS: The cost savings he persists in bragging about were secured in full or in large part before he became president. The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions in the contract for the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet Dec. 19 - after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met the company's CEO about it. Pentagon managers took action even before the election to save money on the contract. Todd Harrison, a defense analyst and aerospace specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said, "I don't see any evidence to suggest that President Trump had anything to do with this." ___ TRUMP: "Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Wal-Mart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs." THE FACTS: Trump is taking credit for corporate jobs decisions that largely predate his election. In the case of Intel, construction of the factory in Chandler, Arizona, that Trump referred to actually began during Obama's presidency. The project was delayed by insufficient demand for Intel's high-powered computer chips, but the company now expects to finish the factory within four years because it anticipates business growth. Some of the job announcements have come after companies, such as the wireless carrier Sprint, reduced their numbers of workers. More important, even as some companies create jobs, others are laying off workers. The best measure of whether more jobs are actually being created is the monthly employment report issued by the Labor Department, which nets out those gains and losses. The department will issue its report for February, the first full month of Trump's term, on March 10. ___ TRUMP: His budget plan will offer "one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history." THE FACTS: Three times in recent years, Congress raised defense budgets by larger percentages than the $54 billion, or 10 percent, increase that Trump proposes. The base defense budget grew by $41 billion, or 14.3 percent, in 2002; by $37 billion, or 11.3 percent, in 2003, and by $47 billion, or 10.9 percent, in 2008, according to Defense Department figures. And going back farther, his increase doesn't come close to ones in the defense budget seen in the early 1980s, when they hit 20 percent or more, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies. ___ TRUMP: "Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force." THE FACTS: That's true, but for the vast majority of them, it's because they choose to be. That 94 million figure includes everyone age 16 and older who doesn't have a job and isn't looking for one. It also includes retirees, parents who are staying home to raise children, and high school and college students who are studying rather than working. They are unlikely to work regardless of the state of the economy. With the huge baby boomer generation reaching retirement age and many of them retiring, the population of those out of the labor force is increasing and will continue to do so, economists forecast. It's true that some of those out of the workforce are of working age and have given up looking for work. But that number is probably a small fraction of the 94 million Trump cited. The nation's unemployment rate stands at 4.8 percent, near the lowest in a decade. ___ TRUMP: "Our Navy is now the smallest it's been since, believe or not, World War I. Don't worry. It's going to soon be the largest it's been." THE FACTS: No, the fleet is not growing to the largest it's been, or anything close. The fleet indeed shrank to its smallest size since the decade after World War I - bottoming out at 271 in 2015 before rising to 274 this year, compared with 139 in 1930. But that number alone is not that meaningful. The nature of warfare has changed since the naval battles of the world wars; the rise of air power is just one significant factor. As well, for the past few decades the Navy has dramatically increased the warfighting effectiveness of its ships, meaning it can do more with far fewer vessels than it could during the Cold War, for example. The fleet stood at a record high of 6,768 fighting ships during World War II, declined gradually in the 1950s and 1960s and dropped significantly after the Vietnam War. During the 1990s the number fell from the high 500s to the mid-300s as the Navy decommissioned many older ships and the U.S. reaped a "peace dividend" from the end of the Cold War. The count includes aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, amphibious assault ships and other large combat ships. The fleet may grow more than planned if Trump's military expansion is approved by Congress. But no one is talking about matching - much less exceeding - the enormous armada of another age. The number of Navy personnel has fallen over time, too, from more than 725,000 in 1954 to about 323,000 now. It's unlikely to grow anywhere near that higher level. ___ TRUMP: "According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home - from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center." THE FACTS: It's unclear what Justice Department data he's citing, but the most recent government information doesn't back up his claim. Just over half the people Trump talks about were born in the United States, according to Homeland Security Department research. That report said of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or carry out an attack in the U.S., just over half were native-born citizens. Even the attacks Trump singled out weren't entirely the work of foreigners. Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his Pakistani wife killed 14 people in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, was born in Chicago. It's true that in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11, the FBI's primary concern was with terrorists from overseas feared to be plotting attacks in the United States. But that's no longer the case. The FBI and the Justice Department have been preoccupied with violent extremists from inside the U.S. who are inspired by the calls to violence and mayhem of the Islamic State group. The Justice Department has prosecuted scores of IS-related cases since 2014, and many of the defendants are U.S. citizens. ___ TRUMP on military capability: "We are going to have very soon the finest equipment in the world." THE FACTS: Pentagon leaders have said for years that the U.S. already has the world's best weaponry and military equipment. They sometimes claim the U.S. is in danger of losing its advantage unless the Congress continues to spend heavily to develop and build new generations of weapons. The Navy's top officer, Adm. John Richardson, has said repeatedly that the Navy is the world's finest. He also has said the Navy must adapt to a world of changing security threats. Richardson's main focus has been on sharpening and changing the way sailors think about the nature of war, rather than relying on bigger budgets. "We will not be able to 'buy' our way out of the challenges that we face," he wrote in a January 2016 plan for maintaining U.S. naval superiority. ___ Find all AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd ___ Associated Press writers Robert Burns, Alicia A. Caldwell, Eric Tucker, Lolita C. Baldor and Christopher S. Rugaber contributed to this report. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Happy birthday partner! Ryan Gosling joins Eva Mendes as she celebrates turning 43 with family in Los Angeles His leading lady Corrie's Tina O'Brien admits she's putting off planning her wedding to fiancé Adam Crofts... and says her daughter wants her to wear a 'meringue dress' Anything for her princess! Pregnant Beyonce dresses five-year-old Blue Ivy in £21K silk-chiffon Gucci dress for Beauty And The Beast premiere BBC viewers are left RAGING as it's revealed the winners of Gary Barlow's Let It Shine will only be backing singers and NOT feature as a Take That-style band 'I forgive you for not always being there': Lily Collins pens an open letter to her music legend father forgiving him for 'not being the dad I expected' TV presenter Cherry Healey talks about lunch on the go, her three-year-old son's love of healthy eating as she tries M&S' new sushi  SPONSORED Flop Gear: Two million viewers abandon BBC's tribute act to Clarkson and Co - CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV 'I'm maternal': Kate Moss discusses her model protégés as she stages her first talent agency photoshoot for VOGUE magazine The model mother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: One way to pass the time! Lauren Goodger swaps swimwear for lingerie as she flaunts slim figure in lace body on boozy Dubai trip I'm not exactly wealthy, says Joan Collins (who is worth £24million): Star, 83, blasts suggestion she is rich because she has no 'f**** you' money It's Kim the movie star! Kardashian makes her Oceans Eight cameo... and bares her figure in sheer lace gown Back to (big screen) business 'Be beautiful': Irina Shayk stuns in cleavage-baring snapshot of herself in sheer lace bralette Was up front with her Instagram followers He should be so lucky! Window washer stumbles upon Kylie Minogue in her Sydney hotel room and the good sport singer poses for a cheeky snap  'I didn't see that coming!': Emmerdale fans are left in shock as Joanie Wright suddenly dies minutes after being released from prison Unexpected shock EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm 18 weeks pregnant!' MIC finally teases the moment Binky Felstead tells her gobsmacked pals she's expecting a baby in the first trailer Worse for wear Julianne Hough and Nina Dobrev show some battle scars from wild bachelorette weekend as they return home to Los Angeles EXCLUSIVE: Trouble brewing? Louis Tomlinson gets the coffees in at his LA home as he calls in 'Mad Dog' lawyer to oversee airport bust-up defence  Suits you! Emma Watson wears two glamorous outfits for TV appearance...after defending herself as a feminist She means business 'Haters will say it's photoshopped': Kim Kardashian posts tongue-in-cheek Snapchat photo of hourglass figure Poking fun Smooch! Bella Thorne and Chandler Parsons share steamy make-out session during holiday in Mexico Another day, another new beau 'I wanted John Bishop to smash it - all it's done is make me want to smash my TV': ITV's troubled Nightly Show gets a new host but is STILL slammed by fans Rihanna is covered up in HUGE lime green coat... while braless supermodels bare ALL at Fenty x Puma Paris Fashion Week extravaganza Lily Donaldson shows off her incredible figure as she struts onto Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW runway in a tiny yellow crop top and sporty shorts Stella Maxwell leaves nothing to the imagination as she flashes entire underboob at Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW show 'Dream's cousin Reign is the sweetest': Rob Kardashian shares heart-melting video of Kourtney's son kissing his baby daughter A mother's love Playtime! Chrissy Teigen shares fun Snapchat video with daughter Luna after revealing she's being treated for postpartum depression 'She is absolutely stealing this series': Julie Hesmondhalgh is praised for her role as a rape victim... but viewers are left alarmed with police treatment The victim is terrorised again and her husband destroys evidence...The dark secrets were just beginning in Broadchurch, by Jim Shelley  No Bad Blood here! Tom Hiddleston poses backstage with Taylor Swift's longtime pal Ed Sheeran Still pals with her squad despite split FIRST LOOK! Former Lois & Clark star Teri Hatcher returns to comic book genre as she debuts on Supergirl... as a villain Played Lois Lane  Superstar Adele gifts three-year-old with chronic lung condition tickets to her Brisbane concert... after the little girl used her songs to 'learn to sing again' Smoking hot! Jonah Hill puffs on cigarette as he shows off slimmer frame in denim on solo outing Looked slimmer than ever 'I should f**k Miley Cyrus': Nick Cannon rambles on YouTube after 'leaving the No. 1 show on TV to promote a mix tape' Bizarre clip  'Young love!' Bella Hadid and Yolanda Foster give Anwar and his older girlfriend Nicola Peltz their blessings as they post sweet kissing snap Workout queen! Bella Thorne flashes flesh in revealing mesh top and black bra for aerobics session Not exactly the usual gym gear 'Little legends': Chris Hemsworth posts VERY cute snap of his two sons after overhearing their hilarious advice for not 'being eaten by a crocodile' in Byron Bay Doing a Taylor? Kylie Minogue reveals breakup album following her split with Joshua Sasse as she stuns in slinky slip dress at Specsavers event 'Can we please just do it?' Kylie Minogue reaffirms support for Oz marriage equality after ex-fiance Joshua Sasse ditches their Say I Do Down Under campaign  Make-up free Mena Suvari works up a sweat at Cycle for Survival to support rare cancer research Got on her bike for charity  The mane attraction! Jennifer Lopez is a modern day Rapunzel as she rocks an impossibly long ponytail Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair! Laura Whitmore shows off her enviably slender pins in a pair of skin-tight leather trousers as she attends musical showcase in Soho  EXCLUSIVE 'I cry when I'm tired and hungry': Jourdan Dunn on toll of modelling, quitting her 'heavy' dependency on psychics and starstruck partying with Beyoncé Who's that? Marion Cotillard sheds demure image with long locks and plumped lips in shots from new film Share sultry photos from her latest comedy 'Chill out people!' Madonna posts sweet snap of newly adopted twins as she teases Rebel Heart DVD release Going strong! Felicity Huffman shines in black dress with plunging neckline at gala with William H. Macy in NYC She's never looked better  Taking tips? Pregnant Cheryl posts adoring comment on pal Kimberley Walsh's mothering snap... as speculation rumbles over baby's birth David Beckham dons his best tweed flat cap to shoot an advert in the park in London... and brings along his beloved pooch Olive as his co-star Fast woman! Rita Ora covers up in quirky off-duty ensemble as she arrives back in Paris for more Fashion Week fun after last week's flying visit to the capital Newly engaged Samira Wiley hits Miami for bachelorette party with OINTB costars Danielle Brooks and Uzo Aduba Flying solo! Makeup free Ruby Rose leaves Sydney Airport without her popstar girlfriend Jessica Origliasso following loved-up display The Force is no longer with him! Ewan McGregor is unrecognisable as overweight and balding criminal in teaser for new season of Fargo Walking to the end together! Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed hold hands on stroll ahead of Vampire Diaries series finale All bite on the night Salma Hayek stuns in a lace column dress at the Alexander McQueen PFW Show... before nipping across town to catch Rihanna's new collection  The couple that dresses together... Lionel Richie, 67, matches in black with younger girlfriend Lisa Parigi Out and about Leather and lace! Kristen Bell pairs white patterned top with black mini skirt for NBC party in Hollywood Always looks the part Victoria's Secret Angel Elsa Hosk gives Paris Fashion Week a miss and pounds the New York sidewalk in a casual white beanie and stylish forest green coat The ride of his life! Dita Von Teese gives her Devonshire Rex cat Aleister a lift on top of her designer luggage as she makes her way through LAX Baby One More Time! Britney Spears does grueling crunches as she preps for Vegas residency She is focused on fitness for her return to stage Bra-vo! Elisha Cuthbert exposes her undergarment in gray sheer top at premiere for Goon: Last Of The Enforcers Sheer delight 'He needed a wheelchair!' Kate Garraway reveals two-week sex challenge with husband ended in A&E... as she relives crotch-less knicker HORROR Heather Locklear looks happy and healthy as she suns herself in a bikini on Hawaii break with daughter Ava after rehab rumors Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks to team up onscreen for the first time in Steven Spielberg drama The Post Two Oscar-winning legends unite PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Marriage is a walk in the park! Michelle Keegan joins husband Mark Wright for a stroll with dogs... after shooting down 'marital strife'  Englishwoman in New York! Trudie Styler looks effortlessly stylish without husband Sting at Our Dream Of Water premiere Looked chic Ashley Tisdale works up a sweat at the gym after slamming Twitter troll who said she looked 'pregnant' High School Musical star was back to working out Bringing the 90s back! Sofia Richie looks hip in over-sized denim jacket and retro sunglasses The 18-year-old looked casual in a pair of baggy Givenchy track pants A flare for fashion! Karlie Kloss steps out in baggy red trousers as she stretches her legs in New York Rocking some chic Seventies style EXCLUSIVE! 'My gut said don't do it': MIC's resident musician Julius Cowdrey reveals he had the chance to be on The Voice and X Factor... but it didn't feel right 'I'm really happy': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Shay gushes about new boyfriend Robert Valletta Split from her husband in November  She's a Barbie girl! Sophie Monk proves she's still a kid at heart as she posts a bizarre video of her playing dolls with her niece A very pregnant Beyonce dazzles in emerald gown as Jay Z and Blue Ivy look on at premiere of Beauty And The Beast in newly released images She's a catwalk queen after all... Chuckling Bella Hadid is presented with tiara by vying admirer while looking slick in white suit during Paris outing Dancing On Ice'to make a surprise comeback' three years after it was axed... as ITV bosses 'believe the decision to cancel the show was a mistake'  Oops! Farrah Abraham suffers wardrobe malfunction as she spills out of VERY revealing bikini during shoot in LA Harry Potter And The Cursed Child is up for ELEVEN Olivier awards...the most ever for a new West End play  Wowing critics and audiences 'Anyone who has success in this industry is marginalized!' Cate Blanchett defends 'cultural elite' and says her moral compass is in her VAGINA  Here comes Heidi! Klum looks set to make a cameo appearance in Ocean's Eight as she's pictured on set There is a very impressive line up Sweet like candy! Millie Mackintosh struts her way to a meeting in Paris in a bubblegum pink power suit with feathered cuffs Specs appeal! Atlanta de Cadenet Taylor rocks the geek chic look in overalls, glasses and a cardigan Biking around! Pierce Brosnan enjoys a beachside bicycle ride with wife Keely Shaye Smith James Bond's ride of choice is an Aston Martin Brooklyn Beckham sparks rumours his romance with Chloe Moretz is back on as the exes engage in cryptic social media interaction six months after split 'It's not been the easiest times of late': Kylie Minogue breaks her silence on split from fiance Joshua Sasse revealing 'I have no regrets' Her two biggest hits! Iggy Azalea flaunts her artificial assets in a VERY racy swimsuit and thigh-high boots after announcing her rap comeback 'Things can go amazingly and there can be ups and downs': Ruby Rose speaks about her relationship with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Tea time! Reese Witherspoon wears flirty dress as she picks up iced beverage in LA day after her hit series Big Little Lies airs riveting episode An epic voyage cast adrift in a sea of tears and whingeing: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Louis Tomlinson fans 'send airport bust-up girl 2,000 online threats making her too scared to leave her house'  Ana Becerra, 22 He's got specs appeal! Justin Bieber wears his favourite glasses and flaunts his tattooed biceps as he exercises and heads to skate park before Perth show 'I look stupid skinny!' Amy Schumer reveals she hated her body after shedding pounds for Trainwreck 'I'm what Hollywood calls, very fat' 'Everybody was so nice!' Paris Jackson gushes about making her acting debut on Fox TV musical drama Star Plays a social media guru  Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff - and threatens to block anyone who deems the image 'inappropriate' They're out! Original Real Housewives Of New Jersey cast members Jacqueline Laurita and Kathy Wakile 'axed from season eight' Warrant out for Azealia Banks after she fails to attend a court session related to 2015 incident in which she allegedly bit female nightclub bouncer's breast PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: You know that I want you! Lady Gaga gives Christian Carino a lingering kiss... while he offers her his jacket on night out 'This film is one of inclusiveness!' Josh Gad praises Beauty And The Beast for embracing 'unity' as he plays Disney's first gay character Buckle up! Brie Larson puts on a leggy display in 1960s-inspired mini-dress as she hits promotional trail for Kong: Skull Island Chic Melissa George makes rare public appearance at Hermes show at Paris Fashion Week after alleged domestic violence incident with partner Winning! Jon Cryer to make big return to TV after two-year hiatus with ABC comedy pilot Losing It The two-time Emmy-winning star  Real Housewives of Miami star Joanna Krupa shows off her toned figure in a skin-tight strapless dress as she steps out at canine charity event in Warsaw 'Good times!': Jennifer Lopez beams with Leah Remini and Derek Hough at Shades Of Blue viewing party as season two gets off to nice start The Talented Mr Damon: Boston native Matt will narrate a new documentary about the marathon bombing in his hometown Lends his voice 'There's talk!' Jax Taylor reveals possible Vanderpump Rules spin-off will follow his relationship with Brittany Cartwright Fan favourites From Ramsay street to Robin Hood! Margot Robbie lands second successive LEAD role after being cast as Marian in re-imagining of classic folk tale Megan McKenna and Amber Turner enjoy a girls' night out in Essex... as their love life drama airs in explosive new series of TOWIE Cara Delevingne shows off her striking new platinum blonde locks as she steps out in cool off-duty look in Paris Doting mommy! Charlize Theron shows off slim frame in leggings and baggy sweater as she treats young son Jackson to lunch in LA 'You're the most beautiful girl in the room': Chrissy Metz  reveals the sweet note boyfriend Josh Stancil wrote her ahead of a red carpet appearance Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber awkwardly clutches his back-up dancer in Perth performance, after taking to the stage more than half an hour late  Anna Faris and Eugenio Derbez to recreate Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell comedy classic Overboard Joshua Jackson shares a laugh with Teen Wolf actress pal Crystal Reed Don't Reed too much into who this ex couple have been hanging out with 'We are beyond blessed': Jamie Lynn Spears reflects on 'worst nightmare' one month after daughter's life threatening ATV accident 'There's something I need that I can't get from you!' Chloe Sims shoots down Liam Gatsby's attempts to win her back Details of the engagement: Joy-Anna Duggar, 19, had TWO chaperones during proposal that took place while on a horse trail in Arkansas 'Our kids should not be held hostage': Chance The Rapper to donate $1 million to Chicago Public Schools after 'unsuccessful' meeting with governor 'Ask God to heal her!' Fantasia cancels concert after suffering second degree burns on her arm Had to cancel a concert in Memphis  The pecs factor! Joe McElderry shows off his impressive weight-loss in a sizzling shirtless snap Former X Factor winner has been working out Bethenny Frankel goes skinny dipping, shares girl on girl kiss and sobs over MORE cheating claims about Luann's man in explosive RHONY trailer 'She RUINED her!' Lorde's fans take to social media to bash Taylor Swift after complaining about the New Zealand native's new track Making Hollywood friends! UFC fighter Ronda Rousey bonds with Jaimie Alexander as she tapes guest appearance for TV's Blindspot Which of Nick Viall's female suitors on The Bachelor will take the trip to Mexico for Bachelor In Paradise? Fans already know who The Bachelorette will be 'It's a myth that men have the lead': Kyle Sandilands, 45, reveals girlfriend Imogen Anthony, 26, is in control of life at home Adrien Brody's model girlfriend Lara Lieto flashes her abs as they leave dinner date hand-in-hand Danniella Westbrook dons a colourful kaftan and treats herself to cocktails as she hits the pool in Spain with a pal Recently hinted she is planning another boob job Style setter Sienna Miller shows off her quirky dress sense in a cosy knitted hat and oversized coat as she takes her dog for a walk in New York EOTB star Chloe Goodman's plunging swimsuit barely contains her impressive bust as she flaunts her curves while jet skiing in Lanzarote Ready for spring! Love star Gillian Jacobs steps out in denim mini dress with floral motifs at season 2 premiere of Netflix series Chloe Khan flaunts her incredibly svelte figure as she poses in nothing but a THONG for titillating Snapchat... after split from Ashley Cain Worse for wear Chloe Lewis FINALLY goes public with new beau Danny Fisher as they lock lips while frolicking in the street on London night out Lauren Goodger suffer MAJOR social media fail as she accidentally shares PR message to accompany her throwback Instagram snap A blank canvas! Ashley Graham strips down to pose NUDE in new campaign for Prabal Gurung's first ever plus-size collection  Leggy Sophie Turner displays her endless pins in black leather hotpants as she touches down in Paris with boyfriend Joe Jonas  'Starting to get back into shape': Greg Rutherford flashes his perfectly sculpted abs in nothing but grey shorts for sizzling Instagram selfie Emma Watson reveals VERY intimate details of her beauty routine - down to her preferred brand of pubic hair oil and why she bathes up to THREE times a day Blushing bride! Betty White, 95, wears wedding dress during teaser for upcoming episode of TV's Young & Hungry with Emily Osment Amy Schumer is shocked when Bachelor star Nick Viall records video message saying his 'one regret' was not meeting her on reality show Party of two! Makeup-free Jennifer Love Hewitt makes rare sighting during shopping spree in LA with husband of four years Brian Hallisay New mom Amber Tamblyn poses for a candid selfie in a breast milk-stained T-shirt to document the realities of life as a mother, just two weeks after giving birth to a baby daughter 'My boo': Iman shares rare snap of Lexi, 16, as she posts sweet message for her daughter with David Bowie Her parents' beauty So what, I'm still a cot star! Pink shares snap of baby Jameson putting his vocal cords to work Jameson Moon  looked to be engaged in some loud crying  Ready fur a bonding day! Keri Russell sports distinctive wintry hat as she and Matthew Rhys enjoy Sunday stroll with their baby boy Astonishing footage shows snarling 1D star Louis Tomlinson 'wrestling photographer and manhandling a female fan' moments before police arrest him Kendall Jenner nails casual glamour in racy mesh leotard and boyfriend jeans as she heads out in Paris for another day at Fashion Week Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff while revealing pants are 'optional' in her house on Sundays 'Milk life!': Amber Tamblyn shares a selfie where she has breast milk stains on her T-shirt after feeding her newborn girl 'We were both terrified!': Pregnant Chanelle Hayes thought she was dying from cancer before being told she was expecting her second child 'You don't get to tell me what's wrong with MY body!' Sports Illustrated's size 16 swimwear model Hunter McGrady hits back at critics,  She's FIVE times the supermodel they'll ever be! Coco Rocha stars on a variety of glamorous covers for the latest issue of Fashion Magazine 'I felt selfish saying I was struggling': Chrissy Teigen reveals she suffered with postpartum depression after the birth of daughter Luna Scarlett Johansson continues to go ring-free amid rumours she's split from Romain Dauriac as she takes daughter to LA park Single mum? Ahoy, captain! Julianne Hough leads her bachelorette babes in sexy swimsuit on a luxury yacht as the party continues in the Gulf of Mexico 'It was incredibly eye-opening': Heartbroken Ed Sheeran is reduced to tears during Comic Relief trip to Liberia as he sings with young girl whose father died at hands of Ebola Where's my TARDIS? Lily James and boyfriend Matt Smith make rare public appearance together as they go for a casual shopping trip in the rain Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn flaunts her ample assets in a plunging dress as she parties with boxer Floyd Mayweather in Newcastle SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Maria Connor makes a dramatic return as she is released from prison... and has a fiery encounter with Aidan Letting her hair down! Tiffany Trump goes zip-lining in the jungle while on vacation in Belize with boyfriend Ross - as her father faces controversy over Obama tapping claims Imogen Thomas flashes her slender pins in a flirty thigh-skimming mini dress as she enjoys dinner in London  Pregnant Danielle Lloyd tenderly cradles her bump as she enjoys casual pub lunch with fiancé Michael O'Neill and her three children Blossoming stomach Eighties boy band Bros cancel more than half the dates on their £10m comeback tour, sparking speculation it was because of poor ticket sales  'My wife loves my sausage in the hole': Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield get into hysterics over Gino D'Acampo's innuendo-filled cooking segment A flare for fashion! Bella Hadid rocks a vintage look in a blue velvet tracksuit and quirky orange shades as she steps out in Paris New eye-catching outfit Gnat impressed! Adele hilariously shrieks onstage as she attempts to fend off a swarm of mosquitos at her Brisbane gig Left audience in stitches  'We get it, she has boobs!': TOWIE fans left confused after cameraman zooms in on Kate Wright's sweaty chest TWICE during her workout TOWIE's Dan Edgar gets VERY cosy with newbie Amber Turner... after furiously denying being anything more than friends in explosive scenes  Claudia Schiffer does her best supermodel strut as she shows off enviably toned legs in skintight jeans while out and about in London Supermodel strut Well she does host Saturday Night Takeaway! Make-up free Scarlett Moffatt enjoys a day off the diet as she gets pizza delivery after losing three dress sizes 'She's FINALLY in a good relationship': will.i.am reveals he approves of pregnant Cheryl's union with Liam Payne... but REFUSES to confirm birth Russian model Elena Perminova wears a sheer bralet OVER her white crop top and very high-slit skirt at Giambattista Valli's PFW show LACY Mecklenburgh: Former TOWIE star wears red and black dress with semi-sheer panel as she attends Leonard Paris fashion show... after finding love Kendall Jenner rocks leather top as she shows off impressive singing skills for music video... but it turns out to be Elle King Music video advert Iskra Lawrence exhibits her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging suede midi dress as she heads to dinner in LA Blessed with killer curves Check her out! Rita Ora showcases her honed pins in thigh-grazing gingham sundress as she steps out in London Oozed spring vibes  Myleene Klass cuts a chic figure in tapered pink trousers and giant shades as she heads to her radio show Turning heads as she sashayed to work 'Trump should not have been elected': Leighton Meester admits the election tops the birth of HITLER as the historical event she would change 'Your stomach is small again in the last shot?' Pregnant Cheryl baffles fans while showing off svelte frame in newly-released images Prince Michael Jackson takes on his father's legacy and announces a new organization to help hungry kids Good example Lady Victoria Hervey showcases her enviable toned body in skimpy multi coloured bikini as she enjoys a day on the beach with male pal Athan Kallas in Malibu Emma Watson oozes elegance in a shift dress at LA Beauty And The Beast photocall... after hitting back at critics over braless photoshoot Bad feminism? Emily Blunt looks elegant in the most delightful way as she wears a stylish red coat with blue hat while shooting scenes for Mary Poppins Returns PIERS MORGAN: Sorry Emma, but you haven't done yourself or feminism any favours this week, you've just made a right t*t of yourself Trouble in paradise? Body language expert warns Harry and Meghan look 'awkward' in Jamaica photos and says the Prince may already be BORED Family affair! Willow Smith showcases her eclectic style in a chic denim bomber jacket as she jets into Paris with brother Jaden ahead of Louis Vuitton show 'She smelled like baby wipes!': Katy Perry's fan club members react when finally meeting their idol at iHeart Awards as she poses for selfies 'Family day': Nick Cannon shows off new baby in very rare photo with his grandmother, mother and the twins he had with Mariah Carey Family times Chris Evans looks glum during family trip to the park with his wife and their two sons... hours before Top Gear returns to screens without him 'I'd take him to therapy': Stacey Solomon reveals she would ask boyfriend Joe Swash to seek help if he decided he didn't want to marry her Sex and the seedy world of the Oscar winning Afflecks: Casey may have won a gong - to add to elder brother Ben's two - but there's a darker side Black to basics: Salma Hayek flaunts her curves in embellished dress as she joins Pamela Anderson and Lily Donaldson at Stella McCartney's PFW show 'I still get nervous trying new things!': Karlie Kloss talks shaping her style as she shows off her incredible figure in new Express campaign Keeping it wheel! Cameron Diaz cuts a casually chic figure in jeans and a jumper as she shops for groceries with a friend  In all her natural glory Allison Williams strips off for X-rated scene with Alex Karpovsky as she puts on a VERY raunchy display in Girls Leaving nothing to the imagination Pregnant Chelsee Healey shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a tight nude top and flares as she steps out for the first time since announcing baby joy A slender Kylie Minogue looks drained as she steps out for breakfast with her dad in Melbourne... one month after split from fiance Joshua Sasse Riding high: The Queen looks elegant in a silk scarf as she heads out on her beloved Fell pony for a trot along the Thames near Windsor Castle Happy birthday, Prince Oscar! Swedish royal tucks into a slice of cake as he celebrates his first year with an adorable photoshoot Sweet new images Megan McKenna appears FURIOUS while filming TOWIE after she admits she's only '20% happy' with boyfriend Pete Wicks following explosive series opener Girls' night out! Ferne McCann looks leggy in just an oversized designer tee and heels as she hits the town with demure Chloe Lewis TOWIE stars 'Geraldine' Horner looks casual yet chic in a navy dolly coat and skinny jeans as she takes baby son Montague for a stroll Enjoying quality time Chantelle Connelly shows off enviably slender figure and toned abs as she tops up her tan on the beach during idyllic Caribbean getaway 'I'm never getting married!' Susanna Reid reveals why she's not ready to date... as she admits she loves bantering with her GMB co-host Piers Morgan It's NOT Better Best Forgotten: Steps have reunited for a new pop song with the help of ABBA as they release music for the first time in FIVE years Chris Brown's ex Karrueche Tran 'prepares to face the singer in court in a bid to get a permanent restraining order' Courtroom showdown 'She's incredibly excited!' Chanelle Hayes announces she's pregnant with her second child... following fears weight gain had left her infertile 'Working mothers should never feel guilty, they should feel proud': Victoria Beckham reveals how she really feels about juggling a career with family life Heavily pregnant Billie Faiers shows off bump in chic black midi dress as she and a glam Frankie Essex arrive at Amy Childs' baby shower Lock-ing lips! TOWIE star James enjoys very passionate smooch with new girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou after making public apology for using his phone at the wheel Newly-slim Tina Malone can't hide her excitement as she books boob job and skin removal procedure... after facing cruel trolls over her 'wrinkly skin' 'I always wanted to look like Miley Cyrus': Katy Perry admits she wants to help 'redefine femininity' with her new blonde bob... following her Orlando Bloom split Back to work! Ruby Rose flaunts trim pins at stylish launch in Sydney... after celebrating Mardi Gras with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso The 'young one' from Britain's Got Talent act Stavros Flatley is arrested after police find a 'cannabis factory' worth over £50,000 in his London flat Lauren Pope flaunts her incredibly toned abs in a sexy cut-out swimsuit as she treats fans to a sizzling throwback selfie Dazzling  In the pink! The Hills star Jason Wahler jubilant as he and wife Ashley reveal they're expecting a baby girl Once-troubled reality star of The Hills fame 'It can be traumatic!' Spice Girl Melanie C says she sympathises with Louis Tomlinson after the One Direction star is arrested for airport altercation 'They got MARRIED!' Martine McCutcheon and Hugh Grant have big news in Love Actually Comic Relief reboot... but he admits he can't remember his lines Chest too much! Christina Milian has cleavage showdown with Katy Perry and Kelsea Ballerini on the iHeart Radio Music Awards red carpet 'Thick thighs save lives': Demi Lovato brags about her toned legs in silver mini-dress as she hits up the iHeartRadio Music Awards 'F**king b***h!' TOWIE's Gatsby lashes out at 'clown' Pete Wicks in violent altercation... following expletive-laden row with 'chav' Megan McKenna Orange is the new blonde! Pixie Lott ditches her trademark platinum 'do as she debuts newly-dyed apricot locks Pop princess Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Monday, March 6, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Two charged after Walmart incident Saturday, March 4, 2017 Charges have been filed against two people for their roles during an incident at the Walmart in Mahoning Township. Township police said that at 1:52 p.m. Feb. 2, a theft was reported at the store after the person involved fled the store in a vehicle. Lehighton Police located the vehicle and stopped it. The driver, Trevor Strohl, 36, of Palmerton, was charged by Mahoning Township police with two counts of driving under the influence of a controlled substance. A preliminary hearing is scheduled for March 22. A passenger in the vehicle, Angelia Fatzinger, 26, of Ashfield, has been charged with retail theft. During the stop, police seized 22 stolen items valued at nearly $153. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: EPA•Social Media•COLA•Workforce•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » AP FACT CHECK: Trump's… AP FACT CHECK: Trump’s skewed ledger of achievements By CALVIN WOODWARD and JIM DRINKARD and The Associated Press March 4, 2017 6:06 pm 10 min read Share WASHINGTON (AP) — The start of a new administration is never a clean slate, even when parties flip. Day One is just another day for military operations, a budget that is still in place from the old crowd and a vast array of economic, social and law enforcement initiatives left over by the last president. You would not know this from President Donald Trump. He loudly and proudly takes credit for any positive development that has bloomed since he took office Jan. 20, even when the roots and buds of it were from President Barack Obama’s time. In his speech to Congress and other remarks in recent days, Trump has claimed credit for: Federal employee bill tracker: How pending legislation could affect your bottom line —big savings in an F-35 fighter jet contract that were in motion well before he became president. Advertisement —corporate job announcements that also had been months or longer in the making. —an infusion of money from NATO partners that has not materialized at all, but reflects a long-standing intent by some members to increase their military capabilities. —a tough-on-criminals approach to immigration enforcement that was planned and put into place during Obama’s presidency. —a $12 billion drop in the U.S. debt, a routine blip traced to the regular timing of tax payments and other fiscal factors unconnected to any president. —his plan to restore military supremacy, though he inherited military capabilities that are already second to none. Trump does, though, seek to shift some responsibility to the last administration for an operation he authorized that did not go smoothly — the covert mission in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL and civilians were killed. That mission “was started before I got here,” Trump said. It can take months for a new president to pile up achievements or failures that are truly his own. A look at a selection of his statements from the past week: TRUMP: Speaking of the NATO alliance, “Our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice. Very nice.” THE FACTS: No new money has come pouring in from NATO allies. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a strong case when he met with allied defense ministers at a NATO gathering last month, pressing them to meet their 2014 commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. Mattis and other leaders said the allies understood the message and there was some discussion about working out plans to meet the goal. Only five of the 28 member countries currently meet the 2 percent level, and no new commitments have been made since the NATO meeting. Others in the alliance have routinely said they will work toward the increase. In any event, the commitment is for these nations to spend more on their own military capabilities, which would strengthen the alliance, not to hand over money. ___ TRUMP: “According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America’s taxpayers many billions of dollars a year.” THE FACTS: That’s not exactly what that report says. It says immigrants “contribute to government finances by paying taxes and add expenditures by consuming public services.” The report found that while first-generation immigrants are more expensive to governments than their native-born counterparts, primarily at the state and local level, immigrants’ children “are among the strongest economic and fiscal contributors in the population.” This second generation contributed more in taxes on a per capita basis, for example, than did the rest of the population in the period studied, 1994-2013. The report found that the “long-run fiscal impact” of immigrants and their children would probably be seen as more positive “if their role in sustaining labor force growth and contributing to innovation and entrepreneurial activity were taken into account.” ___ TRUMP: “We’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price” of the F-35 jet fighter. THE FACTS: The cost savings he persists in bragging about were secured in full or in large part before he became president. The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions in the contract for the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet Dec. 19 — after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met the company’s CEO about it. Pentagon managers took action even before the election to save money on the contract. Todd Harrison, a defense analyst and aerospace specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said, “I don’t see any evidence to suggest that President Trump had anything to do with this.” ___ TRUMP: “Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Wal-Mart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.” THE FACTS: Trump is taking credit for corporate jobs decisions that largely predate his election. In the case of Intel, construction of the factory in Chandler, Arizona, that Trump referred to actually began during Obama’s presidency. The project was delayed by insufficient demand for Intel’s high-powered computer chips, but the company now expects to finish the factory within four years because it anticipates business growth. Some of the job announcements have come after companies, such as the wireless carrier Sprint, reduced their numbers of workers. More important, even as some companies create jobs, others are laying off workers. The best measure of whether more jobs are actually being created is the monthly employment report issued by the Labor Department, which nets out those gains and losses. The department will issue its report for February, the first full month of Trump’s term, on March 10. ___ TRUMP: His budget plan will offer “one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.” THE FACTS: Three times in recent years, Congress raised defense budgets by larger percentages than the $54 billion, or 10 percent, increase that Trump proposes. The base defense budget grew by $41 billion, or 14.3 percent, in 2002; by $37 billion, or 11.3 percent, in 2003, and by $47 billion, or 10.9 percent, in 2008, according to Defense Department figures. And going back farther, his increase doesn’t come close to ones in the defense budget seen in the early 1980s, when they hit 20 percent or more, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies. ___ TRUMP: “Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force.” THE FACTS: That’s true, but for the vast majority of them, it’s because they choose to be. That 94 million figure includes everyone age 16 and older who doesn’t have a job and isn’t looking for one. It also includes retirees, parents who are staying home to raise children, and high school and college students who are studying rather than working. They are unlikely to work regardless of the state of the economy. With the huge baby boomer generation reaching retirement age and many of them retiring, the population of those out of the labor force is increasing and will continue to do so, economists forecast. It’s true that some of those out of the workforce are of working age and have given up looking for work. But that number is probably a small fraction of the 94 million Trump cited. The nation’s unemployment rate stands at 4.8 percent, near the lowest in a decade. ___ TRUMP: “Our Navy is now the smallest it’s been since, believe or not, World War I. Don’t worry. It’s going to soon be the largest it’s been.” THE FACTS: No, the fleet is not growing to the largest it’s been, or anything close. The fleet indeed shrank to its smallest size since the decade after World War I — bottoming out at 271 in 2015 before rising to 274 this year, compared with 139 in 1930. But that number alone is not that meaningful. The nature of warfare has changed since the naval battles of the world wars; the rise of air power is just one significant factor. As well, for the past few decades the Navy has dramatically increased the warfighting effectiveness of its ships, meaning it can do more with far fewer vessels than it could during the Cold War, for example. The fleet stood at a record high of 6,768 fighting ships during World War II, declined gradually in the 1950s and 1960s and dropped significantly after the Vietnam War. During the 1990s the number fell from the high 500s to the mid-300s as the Navy decommissioned many older ships and the U.S. reaped a “peace dividend” from the end of the Cold War. The count includes aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, amphibious assault ships and other large combat ships. The fleet may grow more than planned if Trump’s military expansion is approved by Congress. But no one is talking about matching — much less exceeding — the enormous armada of another age. The number of Navy personnel has fallen over time, too, from more than 725,000 in 1954 to about 323,000 now. It’s unlikely to grow anywhere near that higher level. ___ TRUMP: “According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home — from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center.” THE FACTS: It’s unclear what Justice Department data he’s citing, but the most recent government information doesn’t back up his claim. Just over half the people Trump talks about were born in the United States, according to Homeland Security Department research. That report said of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or carry out an attack in the U.S., just over half were native-born citizens. Even the attacks Trump singled out weren’t entirely the work of foreigners. Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his Pakistani wife killed 14 people in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, was born in Chicago. It’s true that in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11, the FBI’s primary concern was with terrorists from overseas feared to be plotting attacks in the United States. But that’s no longer the case. The FBI and the Justice Department have been preoccupied with violent extremists from inside the U.S. who are inspired by the calls to violence and mayhem of the Islamic State group. The Justice Department has prosecuted scores of IS-related cases since 2014, and many of the defendants are U.S. citizens. ___ TRUMP on military capability: “We are going to have very soon the finest equipment in the world.” THE FACTS: Pentagon leaders have said for years that the U.S. already has the world’s best weaponry and military equipment. They sometimes claim the U.S. is in danger of losing its advantage unless the Congress continues to spend heavily to develop and build new generations of weapons. The Navy’s top officer, Adm. John Richardson, has said repeatedly that the Navy is the world’s finest. He also has said the Navy must adapt to a world of changing security threats. Richardson’s main focus has been on sharpening and changing the way sailors think about the nature of war, rather than relying on bigger budgets. “We will not be able to ‘buy’ our way out of the challenges that we face,” he wrote in a January 2016 plan for maintaining U.S. naval superiority. ___ Find all AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd ___ Associated Press writers Robert Burns, Alicia A. Caldwell, Eric Tucker, Lolita C. Baldor and Christopher S. Rugaber contributed to this report. EDITOR’S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures Topics: All News Business News Defense Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » AP FACT CHECK: Trump's… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1902: Permanent U.S. Census Bureau established Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Fed Photo of the Day Boiling snow during winter exercises Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Recommended EPA leaders, advocates urge Trump administration to reconsider cuts to budget and workforce Top Story What does a 10 percent budget cut look like for your agency? Management Army seeks help to guard against fake social media accounts Reporter's Notebook DHS finalizing best practices for notifying victims of major cyber breaches Cybersecurity Congress keeping watchful eye over DoD’s electronic health record roll out Defense THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Mar 06, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.6779 -0.0069 1.39% L 2020 25.1021 -0.0247 2.42% L 2030 27.8223 -0.0452 3.47% L 2040 29.8837 -0.0585 3.99% L 2050 17.0998 -0.0389 4.47% G Fund 15.2513 0.0030 0.38% F Fund 17.5012 0.0043 0.94% C Fund 32.8805 -0.1070 5.95% S Fund 42.8320 -0.2707 4.66% I Fund 25.7624 0.0033 4.37% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
BERMUDA | Tuesday March 7, 2017 Subscription RSS Mobile News Business Sport Lifestyle Opinion Features Classifieds Jobs Obituaries #ourAC Calendar Commission of Inquiry Court Crime Education Environment Health Labour Politics Tourism Same-Sex Referendum Weather News Follow It Live Year In Review Bermuda Stock Exchange Bermuda Works Economy International Business Local Business Personal Finance Re-Insurance Technology America's Cup Basketball Cricket Football Golf Olympic Games Running/Triathlon Sailing Swimming Tennis/Squash Track & Field Follow It Live Arts & Entertainment CableVision TV Listings Wow TV Listings Fashion Food & Wine Gentlemen's Corner Home & Away Parenting Religion Wellness Young Observer Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion Writers Political Cartoons Rights that come with owning shares Martha Harris Myron Published Mar 4, 2017 at 8:00 am (Updated Mar 3, 2017 at 11:49 pm) Make text smaller Make text larger Investment route: when you own shares, you gain a number of rights in a company, such as voting rights and access to financial records Related Stories Taking note of Warrens wise words Getting a secured credit card is a bad idea BHS investors chalk up a 19% return ETFs vie for business in crowded marketplace Dont be confused by credit and debit cards This is part five of the Bermuda Investment Primer Series. Three interesting events have happened in the last several weeks. On the face of it, each event seems quite disconnected from the others. Oh, but they are ever connected. The 45th President of the United States, Donald Trump, gave his first major address to Congress last week. Shortly, thereafter, the US capital markets exploded, relatively speaking as the Dow Jones Industrial Average crossed the 21,000 mark for the first time. On March 1, Butterfield Bank announced that the Carlyle Group no longer own any common shares in the bank, and an investment agreement between it and the bank has been terminated. At the end of last week, our hypothetical Bermuda family, MamaZina and her adult children signed company shareholder documents to convert their sole proprietorship into a Bermuda incorporated company, which is now MamaZinas Pizzeria, Ltd. And there you have it. We have three connected announcements that are all about the ownership and performance of shares in companies. The Dow is a stock market index that shows how 30 of the largest publicly-owned companies based in the US have traded (value/performance) during a standard stock market session. Originally calculated in 1896, the Dow has tracked an ever revolving number of the largest American Companies since then  only General Electric remains of the original 12 companies listed at the Dows inception. The other original companies were broken up, went bankrupt, were bought, absorbed by other companies, or removed  to be replaced with newer, more massively capitalised US companies. Think Apple, Coca-Cola, Pfizer, American Express, Nike, Walmart and the like. While the Dow is compiled to gauge the performance of the industrial sector within the American economy, the indexs performance is influenced by not only corporate and economic reports, but also by domestic and foreign political events, and natural disasters. See Wikipedia for a good, easy-to-understand read about the Dow. Established in 1858, and incorporated in 1904, the Bank of NT Butterfield & Son Limited is a publicly traded company registered and based in Bermuda. It is now listed on two capital market exchanges and has a market capitalisation of $1.7 billion and has more than 33 million shares outstanding. Butterfield Bank is not a corporate mega-giant such as those listed on the Dow, but is now a well-positioned (after restructuring investment from Carlyle Group per the banks announcement) small, publicly traded finance company with global connections. Butterfield shares are listed on the Bermuda Stock Exchange in Bermuda dollars, as well as on the New York Stock Exchange in US dollars. And then we have MamaZina Pizzeria Ltd (MZEE) a very, very tiny privately held incorporated company operating in Bermuda only. By now, we should feel familiar with where a stock comes from and what it is. Having said that, we now look at the ownership structure of MZEE to have a better understanding of why incorporation regulations and structures are so very important. Ownership of shares (stock) in a company gives you, the owner, certain rights as stated in the companys charter. Among them are  voting rights on how the company is run  rights to assets of the company, depending on ownership equity  rights to dividends  rights to check the company books and records and so on Regulations under the Bermuda Local Companies Act 1981 also contain various stipulations regarding Bermudian share ownership (60/40 rule) that cannot benefit non-Bermudians  an issue we will explore further on in this narrative. In the business start-up, MamaZina and her late spouse George provided the most capital, some $20,000. While the children provided smaller amounts, $5,000 from George, $7,000 from Desmond, and $1,000 from Juliana, who had no savings since redundancy a year ago. Julianas plight was one of the reasons Mama incorporated, while Desmonds US spouse was another. MZEE needs advice on the informal loans from the cousin ($20,000) a friend ($5,000), and structuring a provision to prevent ownership usurpation by other shareholders, either present or future. Next, how many shares should each shareholder own? Can MZEE block transfer of shares to people she doesnt like? Should she refinance the equity line? Can she sell more shares to outsiders? The company needs more operating cash, and capital for expansion. Here, I would like to give a warning regarding one of the reference sources that is not safely accessible, that is the Bermuda Companies Register. I tried to access this website several months ago, and was not able to do so due to the warnings regarding website security failings. As of Thursday, the site (see link at the end of this article) The server presented a certificate signed using a weak signature algorithm. This means the security credentials presented could have been forged, and the server may not be the server you expected (you may be communicating with an attacker). Am I missing something here? Why has this not been fixed. This is our face to the world. This is simply not acceptable given our propensity to tout our sophisticated international finance centre. Would someone in government information technology please get this fixed as soon as possible. Readers, if I am wrong about this and have missed a change in website structure (but I dont think so, since the same website is listed on our Bermuda Government website), please accept my apology in advance. Links:  Carlyle Group exits Butterfield Bank: http://www.royalgazette.com/business/article/20170301/carlyle-group-exits-from-butterfield-bank  MamaZina and local companies act: http://www.bma.bm/company-matters/SitePages/Local-Companies.aspx  Dow Jones Industrial Average explained on Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dow_Jones_Industrial_Average  Butterfield Bank entry on Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dow_Jones_Industrial_Average  Butterfield Bank, Nasdaq summary: http://www.nasdaq.com/symbol/ntb/ownership-summary  The Bermuda Companies Register (Note: this site has warning message regarding its security certificate) https://www.roc.gov.bm/roc/rocweb.nsf/ReviewPublicRegA-Z Martha Harris Myron CPA CFP JSM: Masters of Law  international tax and financial services. Pondstraddler Life, financial perspectives for Bermuda islanders with multinational families and international connections on the Great Atlantic Pond. Contact: martha@pondstraddler.com Make text smaller Make text larger Comments You must be registered or signed-in to post comment or to vote. Published Mar 4, 2017 at 8:00 am (Updated Mar 3, 2017 at 11:49 pm) Rights that come with owning shares What you Need to Know 1. For a smooth experience with our commenting system we recommend that you use Internet Explorer 10 or higher, Firefox or Chrome Browsers. Additionally please clear both your browser's cache and cookies - How do I clear my cache and cookies? 2. Please respect the use of this community forum and its users. 3. Any poster that insults, threatens or verbally abuses another member, uses defamatory language, or deliberately disrupts discussions will be banned. 4. Users who violate the Terms of Service or any commenting rules will be banned. 5. Please stay on topic. "Trolling" to incite emotional responses and disrupt conversations will be deleted. 6. To understand further what is and isn't allowed and the actions we may take, please read our Terms of Service 7. To report breaches of the Terms of Service use the flag icon Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Click here for detailed forecast 55 F Scattered Clouds Most Popular Today Yesterday Most Commented 03/06/2017 Bermuda is most expensive nation on Earth 03/06/2017 Footballer fatally stabbed in Pembroke 03/06/2017 Survivor of fatal crash wins legal judgment 03/06/2017 Inclusion, not exclusion, is the key to success 03/06/2017 New company prepares superfast home internet 03/06/2017 Teacher in awe of handmade cedar guitar 03/06/2017 First Alpha Beautillion winner backs programme 03/06/2017 Richards defends cost of Rio trip The week's most discussed stories Your browser must support JavaScript to view this content. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings then try again. Events calendar powered by Trumba Take Our Poll Which of these polarising issues requires the most urgent attention of our lawmakers? Airport redevelopment 44% Same-sex marriage 15% Socioeconomic inequality 41% Total Votes: 7798 Poll Archive Today's Obituaries View all Obituaries Place an obituary News Business Sports Lifestyle Comment Features Classifieds Jobs Obituaries Weather Calendar Newsrack Newspaper Services: About Us Contact Us Subscribe Electronic Edition Advertise Online Services: Registration RSS Feeds Email Alerts Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Contact Us Advertise Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 royalgazette.com. All rights reserved.
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Report: The Likelihood of a Tax Audit Reaches New Low 8 of the Richest Women in History 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market 10 Best Savings Account Promotions Available Now How to Choose a High-Yield Savings Account 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Here’s How Often CD Rates Change Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans 7 Best Home Improvement Loans Why Payday Loans Are Dangerous 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News How to Choose the Best Bonds for Your Financial Plan Valuation Grows to $33 Billion as Snap Inc. Begins Trading on NYSE 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News How Your Retirement Age Impacts Your Social Security Benefits 20 Unsettling Things You Need to Know About Social Security 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts Cashier’s Check vs. Money Order: Here’s the Difference How to Avoid Overdraft Fees 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News 5 VIP Private Banking Services You Never Knew Existed How to Stop a Bank Levy 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips The Top 10 Most Exclusive Black Cards You Don’t Know About How Credit Card Balance Transfers Work 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Holidays > St. Patrick's Day > Your St. Patrick’s Day Party on a Budget Your St. Patrick’s Day Party on a BudgetSt. Patrick's Day food and decor don't have to cost a bundle. Learn more! By Kathy Adams | March 4, 2017 Sean Locke Photography / Shutterstock.com Read More Hosting your own St. Patrick's Day party is a fun way to celebrate this Irish-themed holiday without leaving home — or spending a fortune. Whether your soiree is for 50 of your friends or just immediate family, you don't have to break the bank to make it an epic event. Instead of venturing out in the cold to drink in a crowded bar, stay warm and save money by making some of the food and decor yourself or purchasing these items on the cheap. Here are some tricks for cutting down your party costs. Asia Images Group / Shutterstock.com 1. Raid Your Closet Part of the fun of this festive holiday is dressing up in green garb. Instead of running to the store, save money on clothes this year by raiding the back of your closet for green shirts, pants, leggings and shoes. Both solid green and patterned items with green accents can be part of your holiday wardrobe. Set items aside as you locate them and then compile an outfit from your favorite finds. There's no need to dress in head-to-toe green, either. Accent your outfit with a green scarf, socks or necktie for a subtle way to celebrate while maintaining your signature style. If you really need to purchase an accessory or two, Party City offers an assortment of themed socks from 99 cents and ties for as little as $2. nunosilvaphotography / Shutterstock.com 2. Make Your Own St. Patrick’s Day Outfit If wearing green isn't enough to make you feel party ready, make your own shamrock T-shirt to celebrate this special day. Start with a plain white shirt — you can buy one at Michaels for around $3 or find one in your closet for free. You can also purchase a five-pack from Walmart or another department store for around $10. To make your shamrock shirt, cut out a paper shamrock, tape it to the front of the shirt and slide a piece of wax paper or cardboard inside the shirt to prevent paint from bleeding through. Use a new pencil eraser to dab different shades of green acrylic craft paint over the shirt, making a confetti-style design around the shamrock. A 2-ounce bottle of paint can be purchased for less than $1 at Michaels and other craft stores. When you finish painting, remove the paper, tape and cardboard from the shirt and give it an hour to dry. Don't Miss: 50 Ways to Save $500 This March xmo / Shutterstock.com 3. Find St. Patrick’s Day Printables If you don't have an artistic bone in your body, fear not. You don't have to design your own St. Patrick's Day decorations. Free printables, sized specifically for picture frames, make the decorating process both speedy and simple. You can find free, downloadable text art specifically for St. Patrick's Day on sites such as Eighteen25 and HGTV. Place the printed designs in standard picture frames. You can temporarily repurpose pictures frames already on your walls or visit the dollar store for cheap finds. Display the framed images in prominent places in the party room. Additionally, you can create a mantel centerpiece with a few green or white vases, jars or small potted plants. Turn inexpensive clear vases or jars green by swirling some of the green craft paint from the T-shirt project inside each one. Allow them to dry completely before touching. gpointstudio / Shutterstock.com 4. Have Guests Bring the Goodies Hosting a large party complete with St. Patrick's Day food, desserts and beverages can be costly. Save money by hosting a BYOB (bring your own beverage) party or making the event a potluck, where each guest brings a favorite St. Patrick's Day-inspired dish. Make sure to give your guests plenty of notice if you expect them to cook, and try to coordinate items ahead of time so you don't wind up with 10 trays of corned beef. If the party doesn't include a full meal, ask guests to bring Irish-themed snacks or St. Patrick's Day desserts. Don't forget to supply plenty of plates, cutlery, napkins and cups for the party. If you're hosting a small gathering, utilize your existing kitchenware. For a large party, recyclables might be the better option. Shop at a dollar store in the party supply section to find green plates, napkins, cups and cutlery. Clear, recyclable cups will suffice if green ones aren't available. Lasse Ansaharju / Shutterstock.com 5. Take Advantage of Alcohol Rebates If you want to score deals on alcoholic beverages, plan ahead — there's a good chance you can find rebates on at least some of the items you seek. Start by visiting your local liquor store or even the grocery store and scanning the aisles. Sometimes rebates and coupons are attached directly to the bottles. If you can't find any, ask a clerk if there are any rebate coupons available. Items such as Irish cream or Irish whiskey might even be on sale in March. Compare similar brands and purchase the least expensive one if the quality is comparable. You can also cut costs by downloading the app bevRAGE, which offers cash back on alcohol purchases. As of mid-Feburary, bevRAGE is providing $3 off Celtic Honey Irish liqueur. Check each offer you find on the site to ensure it is valid in your state. To get the listed deal, take a picture of the receipt with your app. bevRAGE will deposit the funds you're owed into your PayPal account within a few days. Related: 17 Best Cheap Beers for St. Patrick's Day Sayrung Bunnarangsri / Shutterstock.com 6. Make Your Own Treats You don't have to be a pastry chef to make some mouthwatering treats for your guests. For example, you can use a box of plain donuts to create some cute rainbow treats for your St. Patrick's Day party. Start by cutting the donuts in half to make rainbow arcs and then apply vanilla icing to the top of each half. Apply sprinkles, one rainbow color at a time, following the curvature of the donut arcs. Some stores sell jars containing a rainbow array of sprinkles, with separate compartments for each color, for less than $5. Make puffy clouds at the ends of each rainbow using white icing or white icing with coconut sprinkled on top. A 16-ounce container of basic vanilla frosting costs between $1 and $2, and $2 buys you a 7-ounce bag of organic shredded coconut at Walmart. For another sweet treat, make white chocolate bark and add green sprinkles or candies for added decoration. To make the bark, heat white candy melts in a glass container in the microwave, following the package directions. Pour the melted candy on a wax paper-covered cookie sheet until the chocolate is at least 1/4-inch thick. Add sprinkles or candy as the melted treat cools. Refrigerate the cookie sheet for at least an hour and then break the bark into large chunks. White candy melts cost $3.49 for 12 ounces at Party City. Denys Prykhodov / Shutterstock.com 7. Let There Be Music Music makes every party more enjoyable, and a St. Patrick's Day shindig is no exception. Cue up your favorite Irish tunes or select one of the premade St. Patrick's Day/Irish music playlists available on YouTube. Spotify and Pandora also offer an array of St. Patrick's Day party playlists containing everything from traditional tunes to Irish pub music. You can also play songs from your favorite Irish bands and musicians. U2 provides a rocking soundtrack, while Van Morrison and Thin Lizzy serve up a classic rock vibe. Enya, The Cranberries, Sinead O'Connor and Snow Patrol are just a few more famous names to choose from when making your own Irish-artist playlist. Choose your tunes with care, and your guests might just put on their Irish jig shoes to dance. Up Next: The Best and Worst Things to Buy in March x Open a New Account Check Out the Next Article 9 Ways to Save Money at Bed Bath & Beyond Maximize your savings at Bed Bath and Beyond with these 9 tips and tricks. Related Articles 8 Ways to Stretch a Dollar This March How to Celebrate St. Patrick’s Day for Under $20 35 Secrets to Saving More Money in 2017 How to Stretch Your Last $20 Until Your Next Paycheck People are Reading Today Sponsored Links by Zergnet Comments Back to Top follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Right Reserved. Newsletter Sign-up: × Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Tuesday, March 7, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President G.O.P. Health Plan Would Sub Mandate With Incentives By ROBERT PEAR and THOMAS KAPLAN The plan would replace the Affordable Care Act with a system of tax credits aimed at enticing Americans to purchase insurance on the open market. In a late change, the plan was also expected to include language that limits credit eligibility for affluent Americans.  Comments How Republicans Will Change the Health Law Travel Ban 2.0: Alterations to Blunt the Legal Challenges By GLENN THRUSH With the removal of Iraq, the new order applies to six predominantly Muslim nations in an effort to improve on the one that was blocked by federal judges.  Comments Where Refugees Come From New Ban, Same Verdict in Middle East: A Slap at Muslims Video by THE NEW YORK TIMES. Photo by Stephen Crowley/The New York Times Jeff Sessions, the attorney general; Rex W. Tillerson, the secretary of state; and John F. Kelly, the secretary of Homeland Security, discussed President Trump’s revised travel ban. Puncturing the Veneer of Presidential Civility By PETER BAKER Never in recent generations has the natural friction between current and past presidents become such a spectacle. A White House-F.B.I. Disconnect on Claims of Tapping By MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT The White House continued to press on Mr. Trump’s unfounded assertion and would not say if the president had sought to speak with the F.B.I. or the Justice Department. Can the President Even Order a Wiretap? Trump Asks Planned Parenthood to Stop Abortion Services By MAGGIE HABERMAN The Trump administration offered to preserve federal funding for Planned Parenthood, which does not use that money for the procedure, if it stopped aiding in them. The group declined. Another Woman With Power. Same Sexist Attacks. By SUSAN CHIRA Kellyanne Conway is the latest target, but such attacks often take the same form — angry, sexist language. Misogyny, it seems, is bipartisan.  Comments More in Politics Ben Carson Refers to Slaves as ‘Immigrants’ Sean Spicer Meets the Press. No Cameras Allowed, Again. Trump University Lawsuits May Not Be Closed After All U.S. Missile Defense System Is Deployed to South Korea By GERRY MULLANY and MICHAEL R. GORDON 2:49 AM ET The move comes after North Korea fired four ballistic missiles into the sea, and it has stoked tensions with China, which regards the deployment as an intrusion. Times Insider: North Korea’s Missile Launches Kept Failing Trump Inherits a Secret Cyberwar on North Korean Missiles North Korea Bars Malaysians From Exiting Country By RICHARD C. PADDOCK 1:11 AM ET Malaysia’s leader called the escalation of the Kim Jong-nam dispute an “abhorrent act” and responded in kind, blocking North Koreans from leaving. Justices Step Out of the Debate Over Transgender Rights By ADAM LIPTAK The Supreme Court vacated an appeals court decision in favor of a transgender boy and sent the case back for further consideration after the Trump administration changed the federal government’s position. Jury Secrecy Doesn’t Apply if Marred by Bias, Justices Rule Did the Supreme Court Base a Ruling on a Myth? The Daily 360 1:26 Tour an Art Deco Masterpiece Benjamin Norman for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Support the mission of The Times. Sponsor a student subscription today. Your Tuesday Briefing By JENNIFER JETT 12:38 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ Two newly revealed stories about the transition of power from one president to the next: one of warning, the other of accusation. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Smarter Living What to Cook This Week Meatloaf with caramelized cabbage, couscous salad and more for the week ahead. Your Money How You Can Help Refugees in the U.S. By RON LIEBER All of the various ways people can donate money or time to help newly arrived refugees in the United States. Nude Photos Create Unwanted Attention for Marines By DAVE PHILIPPS An all-male, invitation-only Facebook group with more than 30,000 active duty Marines and veterans is being investigated after revelations that it had shared thousands of naked and private photos of Marine Corps women. Racing to Uber and Lyft, Riders Inch Through New York By EMMA G. FITZSIMMONS and WINNIE HU Ride-hailing apps, an existential threat to taxis, are also siphoning passengers from subways and buses, raising concerns over worsening congestion. The Search to Save the Government’s Scientific Data By AMY HARMON The Trump administration has begun changing some government websites. A group of concerned citizens has been working to preserve data it sees as politically vulnerable. Revealing the Blue-Footed Booby’s True Colors By NATALIE ANGIER With no real predators, the birds live proud, public lives. That accessibility has proved a bonanza for scientists, casting light on their mating habits and even why the shade of their feet matters. Snakes, a Life of Crime and Eventually 2 Murder Charges By ALAN FEUER After a troubled life of lawbreaking, Kwauhuru Govan was charged with killing two Brooklyn teenagers more than a decade ago. More News Man Guilty in 2015 Killing of New York Police Officer U.S. Frees Visa-Holding Afghan Family It Detained for 4 Days Turkish Referendum Has Country Trading Barbs With Germany U.S. Strike in Yemen Killed Former Guantánamo Prisoner Robert Osborne, Turner Classic Movies Host, Dies at 84 The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. In ‘The Americans,’ History Feels Less Retro In light of today’s headlines, this Cold War drama on FX feels newly relevant — but also almost comfortingly small-scale, our critic writes. Hype Outpaces Reality in Microbe Research Scientists believe that every person contains as many independent microbial cells as human cells. Research on the microbiome is a hot topic, but it’s not easy. Review: Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ Containing two excerpts from her notebooks dating to the 1970s, this book uncannily sheds light on some of the divisions splintering America today. The Opinion Pages Editorial Muslim Ban Lite By revising the ban, the administration has acknowledged it fumbled on a major campaign promise. But the result is still pernicious.  Comments President Trump’s Blinkered Fiscal Vision Op-Ed Columnists Brooks: What Romantic Regime Are You In? 3:21 AM ET Leonhardt: A Public-Health Crisis That We Can Fix 3:21 AM ET Op-Ed Contributor The Hard Truth About Refugees By JAMES TRAUB 3:21 AM ET Refugees bring with them problems that liberals would do well to recognize. Failing to do so opens the political door to right-wing xenophobes.  Comments Students on the Anti-Murray Protests at Middlebury 3:46 AM ET Vietnam ’67: America’s Case of ‘Tonkin Gulfitis’ 3:21 AM ET Join us on Facebook » User Subscriptions Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! A Eureka Moment for Two Times Reporters: North Korea’s Missile Launches Were Failing Too Often Times Insider » Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Never miss a story. Follow the columns you love. Start Following We’ll automatically add new stories to your Reading List. Following Go to your reading list This feature is an experiment. Send Feedback Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Entertainment My 10 Favorite Books: Suzanne Vega Opinion The February Revolution and a Missed Opportunity If democratic leaders had seized the chance to get Russia out of World War I, Lenin, Stalin, even Hitler would have been footnotes in history. N.Y. / Region Next Stop, 1984: Scenes From the Subway Book Review Killing Jesus: Who Was the Real Pontius Pilate? Opinion The Case for a Border-Adjusted Tax Both political parties have good reasons to favor this policy. Times Insider Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! N.Y. / Region In Times Square, Looking for Father Duffy Opinion If We Are Not Just Animals, What Are We? Fashion & Style ‘Big Little Lies’ Actress Shares Her Beauty Truths Family Don’t Beat Yourself Up Over Kids’ Accidents Opinion What if the Court in the Loving Case Had Declared Race a False Idea? It could have altered the national discourse on race decades ago. Music Gehry and Barenboim on Their Berlin Concert Hall Sections World » U.S. Starts Deploying Thaad Antimissile System in South Korea, After North’s Tests North Korea Launch Could Be Test of New Attack Strategy, Japan Analysts Say Turkish Referendum Has Country Trading Barbs With Germany Over Free Speech Business Day » Building Trade Walls House Republicans Unveil Plan to Replace Health Law Sterling Jewelers Suit Casts Light on Wider Policies Hurting Women Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Hard Truth About Refugees Editorials: President Trump’s Muslim Ban Lite David Brooks: What Romantic Regime Are You In? U.S. » A Conspiracy Theory’s Journey From Talk Radio to Trump’s Twitter Repeal of Health Law Faces a New Hurdle: Older Americans Retro Report: Trump and the Battle Over Sanctuary in America Technology » Data Firm Says ‘Secret Sauce’ Aided Trump; Many Scoff Welcome, Airbnb Guest! Your Neighbors Are the Trumps An Artist Helps iTunes’ User Agreement Go Down Easy Arts » Review: ‘The Americans’ History Suddenly Feels Less Retro Books of The Times: Past, Present and Future Collide in Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ Robert Osborne, Turner Classic Movies Host, Dies at 84 Politics » Sessions’s Potential Deputy Faces a Stern Test on Russia Inquiries Trump’s Wiretapping Claims Puncture Veneer of Presidential Civility Rumblings of a ‘Deep State’ Undermining Trump? It Was Once a Foreign Concept Fashion & Style » Fashion Review: The Reality Distortion Field at Céline and Valentino Paris Fashion Week: Paris Fashion Week 2017: Rihanna’s High School Rebellion A Sneak Peek at the Met’s Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons Show Movies » ‘Logan’ Pulls In $85.3 Million as Fox’s Bet Pays Off Erased Onscreen: Where Are All the Interracial Couples? The Unlikely Story Behind a Palestinian Hip-Hop Film From Israel New York » The Downside of Ride-Hailing: More New York City Gridlock Though Divided, Jury Delivers Guilty Verdict in Murder of Police Officer Welcome, Airbnb Guest! Your Neighbors Are the Trumps Sports » New York City Is Recapturing Its College Basketball Heyday On Baseball: Cuba’s Yulieski Gurriel, Loyal to His Homeland, Pays a Price to Follow His Ambition With Mirth and a Mensch, Israel Upsets South Korea in W.B.C. Theater » Now That’s a Play I’d Like to See Review: ‘Frontières Sans Frontières,’ Where Poverty Is Photogenic A Loverly Revival: ‘My Fair Lady’ to Return to Broadway Next Year Science » Basics: On Galápagos, Revealing the Blue-Footed Booby’s True Colors Activists Rush to Save Government Science Data — If They Can Find It The Woolly Mammoth’s Last Stand Obituaries » Robert Osborne, Turner Classic Movies Host, Dies at 84 Thomas Platt, 91, Dies: Fined Air Traffic Controllers $100,000 an Hour Simon Hobday, Offbeat U.S. Senior Open Champion, Dies at 76 Television » Review: ‘The Americans’ History Suddenly Feels Less Retro Snapshot: Alison Wright, Exiled From ‘The Americans’ (Perhaps), Hits Broadway A Buffy Family Tree: ‘Bones’ and Demons and Rabid Fans Health » Personal Health: When a Partner Dies, Grieving the Loss of Sex In Red-State Utah, a Surge Toward Obamacare The Checkup: Accidents Happen, but Parents Still Beat Themselves Up Travel » The Getaway: Renting a Car? Know the Rules of the Road Palm Springs Is Hot. The Old Guard Is Hot Under the Collar. Where I Live: My Bangkok: City of Spirits Books » Books of The Times: Past, Present and Future Collide in Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ Casting a Literary Lens on Women and Power Fiction: Is This Mic On?: A Stand-Up Comedian Wrestles With His Country and His Soul Education » Trump’s Call for School Vouchers Is a Return to a Campaign Pledge Kansas Supreme Court Says State Education Spending Is Too Low How a ‘Second Chance’ College Produced the Team to Beat Food » The Pour: Want to Pick Better Bottles? Repeat After Me: Wine Is Food What if You Could Make Great Corned Beef? Bird Flu Outbreak Found at a Tennessee Farm Sunday Review » Moises Velasquez-Manoff: What Biracial People Know Editorial: President Trump’s Island Mentality Frank Bruni: Donald Trump vs. the Food Snobs Real Estate » Voyeur: Voyeur: The Color Red The Fix: Interior Design Risks Worth Taking In Case You Missed It: February’s Top Real Estate Stories The Upshot » Public Health: G.O.P. Repeal Bill Would Cut Funding for Poor and Taxes on Rich The New Health Care: Exciting Microbe Research? Temper That Giddy Feeling in Your Gut Public Health: Obamacare Got Their Goat: An Illustrated Guide to Republicans’ Metaphors Magazine » Feature: How to Steal a River Feature: The Experimentalist on Broadway Feature: Department of Justification Automobiles » Automakers Near a Victory on Rollback of Fuel Standards Video Review: Hyundai’s Near-Luxury Sedan Has It All, Except Prestige Wheels: Building a Road Map for the Self-Driving Car T Magazine » Women’s Fashion Shows: Balenciaga, Céline, Valentino These 6 Emerging Designers Are Redefining Ugly On the Verge: Brand to Know: The Men’s Wear Line Rethinking the Button-Down Shirt Times Insider » A Eureka Moment for Two Times Reporters: North Korea’s Missile Launches Were Failing Too Often Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! The Eyes of San Francisco in a Texas Courtroom: The Sequel Real Estate » Voyeur Voyeur: The Color Red Photographs by GEORGE ETHEREDGE for THE NEW YORK TIMES Finding glimpses of red in unexpected places. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 32 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM MAR 7, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAR 7, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 32 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Mrs. Fields didn’t bite on rival’s $50 million offer By JEF FEELEY AND CRAIG GIAMMONA Bloomberg News First Published Mar 04 2017 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Mar 04 2017 01:05 am Share This Article Mrs. Fields Brands Inc. rejected a $50 million offer by rival Interbake Foods LLC to buy the cookie maker's retail unit and some other business lines in 2015, a lawyer told a court Friday. Interbake, which makes Girl Scout cookies and store-brand treats for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and other retailers, originally offered $36 million in 2014 for the unit that sells Mrs. Fields cookies at grocery and convenience stores and upped its offer to $50 million a year later, Bijan Amini, a lawyer for Mrs. Fields, said Friday in a court hearing. Despite some recent struggles, Mrs. Fields may still be worth $50 million to a large food company because of its strong brand, said Darren Tristano, president of Chicago-based Technomic Inc., an industry research and consulting firm. VIDEOS TOP JOBS "Knowing what we know, that number is reasonable," Tristano said in an interview Friday. Richmond, Va.-based Interbake's buyout offers were made public Thursday during arguments in a lawsuit filed by Mrs. Fields that claims its rival sabotaged a retail-licensing agreement between the two bakers after Interbake's bids were rejected. Mrs. Fields, based in Bloomfield, Colo., wants Delaware Chancery Court Judge Andre Bouchard to award as much as $28 million in damages for Interbake's move to pull out of a five-year agreement to handle retail sales of cookies and brownies. Interbake should be punished for working to "wrongfully dismantle and cannibalize the business once it could not purchase it," Mrs. Fields' lawyers said in court filings. They also said in the filings the $50 million offer was for the company's "branded retail and gifting business." Geoff Wilson, a spokesman for Interbake's parent George Weston Ltd., didn't respond to calls seeking comment on the offers. Tom Ragones, a spokesman for Mrs. Fields parent Famous Brands International, declined in an e-mail to comment on them. While Mrs. Fields has name recognition, the brand wasn't among the top 20 U.S. cookies during the past 12 months ending in September 2016, according to data from consumer research firm IRI. Global-snack giant Mondelez International Inc.'s Oreos and Chips Ahoy are the largest cookie brands in the $8 billion market. In the lawsuit, Mrs. Fields officials claim Interbake executives failed to live up to promises to hit retail-sales targets and of conspiring to steal its recipes and customers after its buyout offers were rejected. Its partner also shared Mrs. Fields' confidential pricing and marketing information with Back to Nature Foods, a cookie maker owned by Mondelez and private-equity firm Brynwood Partners, according to court filings. Mrs. Fields accuses Interbake of plotting to replace its retail offerings with Back to Nature's treats. "They were supposed to be marketing us and they gave our marketing information to a competitor," Amini told the judge. Interbake countered in court filings that it walked away from the licensing agreement in April 2016 after discovering Mrs. Fields had misled it about retail-sales figures and failed to properly promote the brand. Interbake only shared "publicly available" marketing and pricing data with Back to Nature and never offered any of its partners' recipes to the rival baker, Damon Leichty, one of Interbake's lawyers, told Bouchard.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Mormon leader Dallin Oaks points to 'aggressive' Trump, climate change as 'big worries' E.J. Dionne: Trump has gone completely through the looking glass New planets raise old religious questions BYU basketball: Cougars suffer another humiliating defeat to Saint Mary's Kirby: Truly heeding the 12th Article of Faith is hard for even the best Mormons ELEVATE Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   When to get professional tax help and when to do your own taxes   5 Reasons Why Family River Rafting is the Best Way to Escape   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › arts › books art & design stage classical movies tv & radio music games home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Books George Saunders: what writers really do when they write A series of instincts, thousands of tiny adjustments, hundreds of drafts … What is the mysterious process writers go through to get an idea on to the page? Master of a universe … Illustration by Yann Kebbi for Review. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close George Saunders Saturday 4 March 2017 03.00 EST 1 Many years ago, during a visit to Washington DC, my wife’s cousin pointed out to us a crypt on a hill and mentioned that, in 1862, while Abraham Lincoln was president, his beloved son, Willie, died, and was temporarily interred in that crypt, and that the grief-stricken Lincoln had, according to the newspapers of the day, entered the crypt “on several occasions” to hold the boy’s body. An image spontaneously leapt into my mind – a melding of the Lincoln Memorial and the Pietà. I carried that image around for the next 20-odd years, too scared to try something that seemed so profound, and then finally, in 2012, noticing that I wasn’t getting any younger, not wanting to be the guy whose own gravestone would read “Afraid to Embark on Scary Artistic Project He Desperately Longed to Attempt”, decided to take a run at it, in exploratory fashion, no commitments. My novel, Lincoln in the Bardo, is the result of that attempt, and now I find myself in the familiar writerly fix of trying to talk about that process as if I were in control of it. We often discuss art this way: the artist had something he “wanted to express”, and then he just, you know … expressed it. We buy into some version of the intentional fallacy: the notion that art is about having a clear-cut intention and then confidently executing same. The actual process, in my experience, is much more mysterious and more of a pain in the ass to discuss truthfully. 2 A guy (Stan) constructs a model railroad town in his basement. Stan acquires a small hobo, places him under a plastic railroad bridge, near that fake campfire, then notices he’s arranged his hobo into a certain posture – the hobo seems to be gazing back at the town. Why is he looking over there? At that little blue Victorian house? Stan notes a plastic woman in the window, then turns her a little, so she’s gazing out. Over at the railroad bridge, actually. Huh. Suddenly, Stan has made a love story. Oh, why can’t they be together? If only “Little Jack” would just go home. To his wife. To Linda. The writer is that person who, embarking upon her task, does not know what to do Donald Barthelme What did Stan (the artist) just do? Well, first, surveying his little domain, he noticed which way his hobo was looking. Then he chose to change that little universe, by turning the plastic woman. Now, Stan didn’t exactly decide to turn her. It might be more accurate to say that it occurred to him to do so; in a split-second, with no accompanying language, except maybe a very quiet internal “Yes.” He just liked it better that way, for reasons he couldn’t articulate, and before he’d had the time or inclination to articulate them. An artist works outside the realm of strict logic. Simply knowing one’s intention and then executing it does not make good art. Artists know this. According to Donald Barthelme: “The writer is that person who, embarking upon her task, does not know what to do.” Gerald Stern put it this way: “If you start out to write a poem about two dogs fucking, and you write a poem about two dogs fucking – then you wrote a poem about two dogs fucking.” Einstein, always the smarty-pants, outdid them both: “No worthy problem is ever solved in the plane of its original conception.” How, then, to proceed? My method is: I imagine a meter mounted in my forehead, with “P” on this side (“Positive”) and “N” on this side (“Negative”). I try to read what I’ve written uninflectedly, the way a first-time reader might (“without hope and without despair”). Where’s the needle? Accept the result without whining. Then edit, so as to move the needle into the “P” zone. Enact a repetitive, obsessive, iterative application of preference: watch the needle, adjust the prose, watch the needle, adjust the prose (rinse, lather, repeat), through (sometimes) hundreds of drafts. Like a cruise ship slowly turning, the story will start to alter course via those thousands of incremental adjustments. The artist, in this model, is like the optometrist, always asking: Is it better like this? Or like this? What a pleasure it is to be, on the page, less of a dope than usual The interesting thing, in my experience, is that the result of this laborious and slightly obsessive process is a story that is better than I am in “real life” – funnier, kinder, less full of crap, more empathetic, with a clearer sense of virtue, both wiser and more entertaining. And what a pleasure that is; to be, on the page, less of a dope than usual. 3 Revising by the method described is a form of increasing the ambient intelligence of a piece of writing. This, in turn, communicates a sense of respect for your reader. As text is revised, it becomes more specific and embodied in the particular. It becomes more sane. It becomes less hyperbolic, sentimental, and misleading. It loses its ability to create a propagandistic fog. Falsehoods get squeezed out of it, lazy assertions stand up, naked and blushing, and rush out of the room. Is any of this relevant to our current political moment? Hoo, boy. When I write, “Bob was an asshole,” and then, feeling this perhaps somewhat lacking in specificity, revise it to read, “Bob snapped impatiently at the barista,” then ask myself, seeking yet more specificity, why Bob might have done that, and revise to, “Bob snapped impatiently at the young barista, who reminded him of his dead wife,” and then pause and add, “who he missed so much, especially now, at Christmas,” – I didn’t make that series of changes because I wanted the story to be more compassionate. I did it because I wanted it to be less lame. But it is more compassionate. Bob has gone from “pure asshole” to “grieving widower, so overcome with grief that he has behaved ungraciously to a young person, to whom, normally, he would have been nice”. Bob has changed. He started out a cartoon, on which we could heap scorn, but now he is closer to “me, on a different day”. How was this done? Via pursuit of specificity. I turned my attention to Bob and, under the pressure of trying not to suck, my prose moved in the direction of specificity, and in the process my gaze became more loving toward him (ie, more gentle, nuanced, complex), and you, dear reader, witnessing my gaze become more loving, might have found your own gaze becoming slightly more loving, and together (the two of us, assisted by that imaginary grouch) reminded ourselves that it is possible for one’s gaze to become more loving. Or we could just stick with “Bob was an asshole,” and post it, and wait for the “likes”, and for the pro-Bob forces to rally, and the anti-barista trolls to anonymously weigh in – but, meanwhile, there’s poor Bob, grieving and misunderstood, and there’s our poor abused barista, feeling crappy and not exactly knowing why, incrementally more convinced that the world is irrationally cruel. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Illustration by Yann Kebbi for Review 4 What does an artist do, mostly? She tweaks that which she’s already done. There are those moments when we sit before a blank page, but mostly we’re adjusting that which is already there. The writer revises, the painter touches up, the director edits, the musician overdubs. I write, “Jane came into the room and sat down on the blue couch,” read that, wince, cross out “came into the room” and “down” and “blue” (Why does she have to come into the room? Can someone sit UP on a couch? Why do we care if it’s blue?) and the sentence becomes “Jane sat on the couch – ” and suddenly, it’s better (Hemingwayesque, even!), although … why is it meaningful for Jane to sit on a couch? Do we really need that? And soon we have arrived, simply, at “Jane”, which at least doesn’t suck, and has the virtue of brevity. But why did I make those changes? On what basis? On the basis that, if it’s better this new way for me, over here, now, it will be better for you, later, over there, when you read it. When I pull on this rope here, you lurch forward over there. This is a hopeful notion, because it implies that our minds are built on common architecture – that whatever is present in me might also be present in you. “I” might be a 19th-century Russian count, “you” a part-time Walmart clerk in 2017, in Boise, Idaho, but when you start crying at the end of my (Tolstoy’s) story “Master and Man”, you have proved that we have something in common, communicable across language and miles and time, and despite the fact that one of us is dead. Another reason you’re crying: you’ve just realised that Tolstoy thought well of you – he believed that his own notions about life here on earth would be discernible to you, and would move you. Tolstoy imagined you generously, you rose to the occasion. The empathetic function in fiction is accomplished via the writer’s relation both to his characters and to his readers We often think that the empathetic function in fiction is accomplished via the writer’s relation to his characters, but it’s also accomplished via the writer’s relation to his reader. You make a rarefied place (rarefied in language, in form; perfected in many inarticulable beauties – the way two scenes abut; a certain formal device that self-escalates; the perfect place at which a chapter cuts off); and then welcome the reader in. She can’t believe that you believe in her that much; that you are so confident that the subtle nuances of the place will speak to her; she is flattered. And they do speak to her. This mode of revision, then, is ultimately about imagining that your reader is as humane, bright, witty, experienced and well intentioned as you, and that, to communicate intimately with her, you have to maintain the state, through revision, of generously imagining her. You revise your reader up, in your imagination, with every pass. You keep saying to yourself: “No, she’s smarter than that. Don’t dishonour her with that lazy prose or that easy notion.” And in revising your reader up, you revise yourself up too. 5 I had written short stories by this method for the last 20 years, always assuming that an entirely new method (more planning, more overt intention, big messy charts, elaborate systems of numerology underlying the letters in the characters’ names, say) would be required for a novel. But, no. My novel proceeded by essentially the same principles as my stories always have: somehow get to the writing desk, read what you’ve got so far, watch that forehead needle, adjust accordingly. The whole thing was being done on a slightly larger frame, admittedly, but there was a moment when I finally realised that, if one is going to do something artistically intense at 55 years old, he is probably going to use the same skills he’s been obsessively honing all of those years; the trick might be to destabilise oneself enough that the skills come to the table fresh-eyed and a little confused. A bandleader used to working with three accordionists is granted a symphony orchestra; what he’s been developing all of those years, he may find, runs deeper than mere instrumentation – his take on melody and harmony should be transferable to this new group, and he might even find himself looking anew at himself, so to speak: reinvigorated by his own sudden strangeness in that new domain. It was as if, over the years, I’d become adept at setting up tents and then a very large tent showed up: bigger frame, more fabric, same procedure. Or, to be more precise (yet stay within my “temporary housing” motif): it was as if I’d spent my life designing custom yurts and then got a commission to build a mansion. At first I thought “Not sure I can do that.” But then it occurred to me that a mansion of sorts might be constructed from a series of connected yurts – each small unit built by the usual rules of construction, their interconnection creating new opportunities for beauty. 6 Any work of art quickly reveals itself to be a linked system of problems. A book has personality, and personality, as anyone burdened with one will attest, is a mixed blessing. This guy has great energy – but never sits still. This girl is sensitive – maybe too much; she weeps when the wrong type of pasta is served. Almost from the first paragraph, the writer becomes aware that a work’s strengths and weaknesses are bound together, and that, sadly, his great idea has baggage. Susan Hill: ‘Can I be a serious writer, keeping such casual hours?’ Read more For example: I loved the idea of Lincoln, alone at night in the graveyard. But how is a novel made from one guy in a graveyard at night? Unless we want to write a 300-page monologue in the voice of Lincoln (“Four score and seven minutes ago, I did enter this ghastly place”) or inject a really long-winded and omniscient gravedigger into the book (we don’t, trust me, I tried), we need some other presences there in the graveyard. Is this a problem? Well, it sure felt like one, back in 2012. But, as new age gurus are always assuring us, a “problem” is actually an “opportunity”. In art, this is true. The reader will sense the impending problem at about the same moment the writer does, and part of what we call artistic satisfaction is the reader’s feeling that just the right cavalry has arrived, at just the right moment. Another wave of artistic satisfaction occurs if she feels that the cavalry is not only arriving efficiently, but is a cool, interesting cavalry, ie, is an opportunity for added fun/beauty – a broadening-out of the aesthetic terms. In this case, the solution was pretty simple – contained, joke-like, in the very statement of the problem (“Who else might be in a graveyard late at night?”). I remembered an earlier, abandoned novel, set in a New York State graveyard that featured – wait for it – talking ghosts. I also remembered a conversation with a brilliant former student of mine, who said that if I ever wrote a novel, it should be a series of monologues, as in a story of mine called “Four Institutional Monologues”. So: the book would be narrated by a group of monologuing ghosts stuck in that graveyard. And suddenly what was a problem really did become an opportunity: someone who loves doing voices, and thinking about death, now had the opportunity to spend four years trying to make a group of talking ghosts be charming, spooky, substantial, moving, and, well, human. Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘There is something wonderful in feeling the presence of the writer within you, of something wilful that seems to have a plan’ … George Saunders. Photograph: Tim Knox for the Guardian 7 A work of fiction can be understood as a three-beat movement: a juggler gathers bowling pins; throws them in the air; catches them. This intuitive approach I’ve been discussing is most essential, I think, during the first phase: the gathering of the pins. This gathering phase really is: conjuring up the pins. Somehow the best pins are the ones made inadvertently, through this system of radical, iterative preference I’ve described. Concentrating on the line-to-line sound of the prose, or some matter of internal logic, or describing a certain swath of nature in the most evocative way (that is, by doing whatever gives us delight, and about which we have a strong opinion), we suddenly find that we’ve made a pin. Which pin? Better not to name it. To name it is to reduce it. Often “pin” exists simply as some form of imperative, or a thing about which we’re curious; a threat, a promise, a pattern, a vow we feel must soon be broken. Scrooge says it would be best if Tiny Tim died and eliminated the surplus population; Romeo loves Juliet; Akaky Akakievich needs a new overcoat; Gatsby really wants Daisy. (The colour grey keeps showing up; everything that occurs in the story does so in pairs.) Sebastian Barry: ‘Eventually, a serviceable first line is rendered from the heavens’ Read more Then: up go the pins. The reader knows they are up there and waits for them to come down and be caught. If they don’t come down (Romeo decides not to date Juliet after all, but to go to law school; the weather in St Petersburg suddenly gets tropical, and the overcoat will not be needed; Gatsby sours on Daisy, falls for Betty; the writer seems to have forgotten about his grey motif) the reader cries foul, and her forehead needle plummets into the “N” zone and she throws down the book and wanders away to get on to Facebook, or rob a store. The writer, having tossed up some suitably interesting pins, knows they have to come down, and, in my experience, the greatest pleasure in writing fiction is when they come down in a surprising way that conveys more and better meaning than you’d had any idea was possible. One of the new pleasures I experienced writing this, my first novel, was simply that the pins were more numerous, stayed in the air longer, and landed in ways that were more unforeseen and complexly instructive to me than has happened in shorter works. Without giving anything away, let me say this: I made a bunch of ghosts. They were sort of cynical; they were stuck in this realm, called the bardo (from the Tibetan notion of a sort of transitional purgatory between rebirths), stuck because they’d been unhappy or unsatisfied in life. The greatest part of their penance is that they feel utterly inessential – incapable of influencing the living. Enter Willie Lincoln, just dead, in imminent danger (children don’t fare well in that realm). In the last third of the book, the bowling pins started raining down. Certain decisions I’d made early on forced certain actions to fulfilment. The rules of the universe created certain compulsions, as did the formal and structural conventions I’d put in motion. Slowly, without any volition from me (I was, always, focused on my forehead needle), the characters started to do certain things, each on his or her own, the sum total of which resulted, in the end, in a broad, cooperative pattern that seemed to be arguing for what I’d call a viral theory of goodness. All of these imaginary beings started working together, without me having decided they should do so (each simply doing that which produced the best prose), and they were, it seemed, working together to save young Willie Lincoln, in a complex pattern seemingly being dictated from … elsewhere. (It wasn’t me, it was them.) Something like this had happened in stories before, but never on this scale, and never so unrelated to my intention. It was a beautiful, mysterious experience and I find myself craving it while, at the same time, flinching at the thousands of hours of work it will take to set such a machine in motion again. Why do I feel this to be a hopeful thing? The way this pattern thrillingly completed itself? It may just be – almost surely is – a feature of the brain, the byproduct of any rigorous, iterative engagement in a thought system. But there is something wonderful in watching a figure emerge from the stone unsummoned, feeling the presence of something within you, the writer, and also beyond you – something consistent, wilful, and benevolent, that seems to have a plan, which seems to be: to lead you to your own higher ground. Lincoln in the Bardo is published by Bloomsbury. To order a copy for £14.24 (RRP £18.99) go to bookshop.theguardian.com or call 0330 333 6846. Free UK p&p over £10, online orders only. Phone orders min p&p of £1.99. Books Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts selected movies tv & radio music games books selected art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Arts › Books Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content iMore Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors iPhone iPad Watch TV Mac How to Live Help Reviews The Best Best iPhone apps Best iPad apps Best Mac apps Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Apps Games Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Forums iPhone iPad Mac Apps Games Features Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop now! Podcasts Contact iMore About iMore Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Get involved Nintendo's Parental Control app is amazing Wave 'em like you just don't care Freedom, thy name is Nintendo Switch Joy-Con You probably disagree Nintendo says dead pixels on your Switch are normal. Do you agree? Get ready to play! The Nintendo Switch has arrived and iMore is giving one away Podcast iMore show 547: Switched, with Russell Holly < > iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iOS 10 iOS 11 Pokemon Go macOS Sierra watchOS tvOS iPad Pro Buyers Guide Gift Guide Order: BeatsX | AirPods | MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Shop: Insanely Cheap Wireless Plans Nintendo Switch Where to buy Nintendo Switch on launch day in the U.S. By Lory Gil Thursday, Mar 2, 2017 at 5:00 pm EST 1 Comment Missed the Switch pre-order? You can still get one on launch day if you're fast! If you were not one of the lucky few to get in on the Nintendo Switch preorder and have been waiting for that fateful day when you can rush the line and grab one off of the shelf, the day has come. Starting at 12:01 a.m., many game stores will be selling the Switch to the poor souls willing to stay up late and stand out in the freezing weather. If that is you, here are the places you can try. Note: Speaking from personal experience waiting in line for something to go on sale at midnight, I recommend you show up no less than five hours before the sale. You'd be surprised how fast a line starts at these events, and the Switch has a lot of hype around it right now. So, grab a cup of coffee, a camping chair, and your 3DS and be prepared to settle in for a long wait. GameStop In my opinion, GameStop is going to be your best bet for getting a Nintendo Switch on March 3, but that's only if you're willing to get there at midnight. According to a press release from GameStop, they're doing everything they can to make sure there will be enough Switches for all customers. We have worked with Nintendo to do the best we can in ensuring walk-in customers who want the Switch are taken care of - and they will have a hard time finding consoles for walk-in customers anywhere else! In addition, we suggest to customers who want to take advantage of this to attend our midnight launch parties, as that will give them the best chance of securing one of these extra Switch consoles. According to Forbes, GameStop will also sell Switch and Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild bundles for $429.99, which is about a $30 discount. See at GameStop Best Buy Best Buy is jumping on the midnight sale bandwagon and will be selling the Switch just after midnight at its various locations. Midnight Store Openings. Pick up the console, games, and accessories at a participating store on Friday, March 3, at 12:01 a.m. local time. Plus, while supplies last, get a free Zelda poster. According to BGR, you'll have a chance to get a Switch on a first-come, first-served basis on launch day. There will be a ticket system in place for customers waiting in line, and Best Buy will only pass out as many tickets as there are consoles. See at Best Buy Walmart Walmart Supercenters that are open 24 hours will have stock of the Nintendo Switch available at 12:01 a.m. for $299. Both the gray model and the blue and red model will be available. There is no official information regarding whether there will be a ticketing system. Walmart also didn't specify whether locations that aren't normally open 24-hours will participate in the midnight sale. If your local Walmart does not traditionally stay open 24-hours, it would be smart for you to call ahead to see if they will be making an exception tonight. See at Walmart Target Target is bucking the trend and making you wait until tomorrow, when it opens at regular store hours of 8:00 a.m. if you want a Switch. The good news is, if you fail to get one at one of the other retailer's midnight sales, you still have a chance with Target. According to Polygon, Target will also refresh online sales starting "Friday morning." This doesn't mean you'll get one shipped to your front door a few hours later, but it does mean you'll have another chance to get one sooner rather than later if all the in-store stock sells out. My recommendation; Have Target's online Switch order page prepped and ready, just in case all other options fail you by 8:00 in the morning. See at Target Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch FAQ Nintendo Switch Games Nintendo Switch News Pre-order at Amazon Like us! Share on Facebook Reader comments Where to buy Nintendo Switch on launch day in the U.S. 1 Comment View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating cuttheredwire /me spams refresh button on Target's site… 0 3 days ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Victorville to host free cleanup event Saturday Friday Mar 3, 2017 at 8:55 PM Staff Reports The City of Victorville and Victorville Disposal are sponsoring a free Neighborhood Cleanup/Free Dump Day event Saturday to make it easy for residents to clean up their yards and neighborhoods. The event will run from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. and will take place in the parking lot of the former Wal-Mart, 15272 Bear Valley Road, Victorville, located at the corner Bear Valley Road and Balsam Avenue. Residents can dispose of garden trimmings, broken fences, old furniture, mattresses, appliances, scrap metal, cardboard boxes and other debris free of charge. No tires, TVs, computers, hazardous waste, paint, oil, compressed gas cylinders, dirt or asbestos materials will be accepted. This is for Victorville residents only and proof of residency such as a water bill or other utility bill will be required. No business waste materials or commercial vehicles will be accepted. For more information, call 760-955-8615 or go to VictorvilleRecycles.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev New travel ban order draws mix of reactions in Minnesota Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Likely tornado touches down near Zimmerman Was state to blame in White Bear Lake's decline? MN Senate rejects Real ID measure for driver's licenses On East Lake Street, debate heats up over 'livability crimes' Gophers, with Fleck fully in charge, get off to elite start for spring ball Free agency might be unkind to Peterson Gophers' Pitino named Big Ten Coach of the Year David Letterman: 'The only person I can trust anymore is Al Franken' next East Metro 415381424 North/east metro news briefs: Blaine hiring engineers to investigate water system March 3, 2017 — 11:12pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Twice in two months, water problems in Blaine have resulted in school closures and prompted warnings for residents to boil their water. Now the city is bringing in a Minneapolis engineering firm to review its water system. Barr Engineering is examining the system’s software, hardware, design and security. The work will continue through March, said Bob Therres, public services manager. The city will spend between $25,000 and $30,000 for the firm’s services. Residents reported water disruptions on Jan. 8 and again on Feb. 12. The first issue was software-related and the second was mechanical and electrical, City Manager Clark Arneson said at a February news conference. Both involved a communication and alert system mishap, Arneson said. A police investigation concluded that no criminal actions or hacking were involved in the first water disruption. Preliminary findings on the second incident reveal the same, according to officials. Hannah Covington Coon Rapids Anoka-Ramsey rolls out student transfer plan Students attending Anoka-Ramsey Community College can now snag guaranteed admission to Augsburg College in Minneapolis if they meet certain grade-point average (GPA) and credit-hour requirements. The two-school agreement, called the Auggie Plan, was announced at a kickoff event last month. The transfer plan promises admission to Augsburg for students who complete 60 credits at Anoka-Ramsey and maintain a 2.75 GPA. Students with lower GPAs also will be considered, though without guarantees. Anoka-Ramsey, which has campuses in Coon Rapids and Cambridge, Minn., has several transfer agreements for certain programs at other schools, including Concordia University in St. Paul and Bemidji State University. Students who begin work at Anoka-Ramsey for their associate degree and then transfer to Augsburg could save thousands in tuition, said Brian Wollum, director of advising at Anoka-Ramsey. Hannah Covington White Bear Lake City seeks advice on planning for growth The question of where to locate an anticipated 1,750 extra households in White Bear Lake by 2040 is one key issue in an upcoming series of meetings and an online survey the city is hosting as it prepares a new long-range plan. Residents and business owners are being invited to fill out a survey (https://tinyurl.com/h4zkwsx) that asks such questions as “What important changes does White Bear Lake need to make in the next 20 years?” and “When you visit other communities, have you found something that makes you say, ‘We need that in White Bear Lake!’ If so, what was it?” After declines in population for the past two decades, White Bear Lake is expected to add 2,000 residents by 2040. Open-house-style meetings will be held on housing and parks, March 16, and economic competitiveness and resiliency, April 20. Comments may also be sent to compplan@whitebearlake.org. David Peterson Brooklyn Center City, Wal-Mart finalizing police agreement Local police may soon be paid by Wal-Mart to patrol its Brooklyn Center store in an effort to reduce crime at a location that has logged the city’s most police calls in recent years. City Council members on Monday approved the policing agreement between Brooklyn Center and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Under the agreement, the retailer will pay the city for a police officer to be stationed at the store from 4 p.m. to 10 p.m. Thursday through Sunday. Details of the agreement will be finalized over the next few weeks, said Police Chief Tim Gannon. Since the store opened in 2012, it has been the biggest single source of Brooklyn Center’s police calls. Other metro area cities have devised similar policing contracts with respect to their Wal-Mart stores. The hope, Gannon said, is for local police to begin their contracted patrols by the end of March. Hannah Covington St. Francis Applicants sought for on-call firefighters The St. Francis Fire Department wants to hire more paid on-call firefighters for both day and night shifts. The department currently has about 20 on-call firefighters and is looking to hire five or six more — especially for daytime shifts, according to Fire Chief Matt Kohout. Applications are available at City Hall, 23340 Cree St. NW., and on the city’s website. More information is available at www.mnfirehire.com. Applications will be accepted until 5 p.m. on March 13. Hannah Covington View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Likely tornado touches down near Zimmerman Stowaway cat survives 400-mile ride beneath St. Paul owner's semi-truck House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul David Letterman: 'The only person I can trust anymore is Al Franken' Free agency might be unkind to Peterson Mpls. police second-in-command Arneson set to retire St. Paul's Highland Park High finds resistance to Air Force JROTC program St. Paul chief: First 100 days on job 'incredibly challenging time' St. Paul should keep taxes in check despite lack of state aid Police identify Eagan woman as pedestrian killed in St. Paul More From Local East Metro 12:24am Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds Minnesota principals and teachers say they need help putting data from the tests to work. Local March 6 Likely tornado touches down near Zimmerman It's earliest recorded in state. Winds may howl at 50 to 60 miles per hour Monday night into Tuesday, the National Weather Service said. TV & Media March 6 Man pleads guilty for threatening people who downloaded porn A former Chicago lawyer who threatened to sue thousands of people who downloaded pornographic video pleaded guilty to fraud charges. Minneapolis March 6 On East Lake Street, debate heats up over 'livability crimes' Minneapolis is torn over whether arrests for drinking in public and loitering with an open bottle help or hurt. Local March 6 Nurses' union reports a rise in complaints of unsafe hospital practices Hospital group calls report by nurses' union a "stunt." Top Stories New travel ban order draws mix of reactions in Minnesota Mar. 6 Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds 12:24am House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul 12:50am Most Read Was state to blame in White Bear Lake's decline? • East Metro Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds • East Metro Vadnais Heights student charged with stalking teacher, making slurs • East Metro St. Paul police warn of phone scammers posing as law enforcement, IRS • East Metro Judge sets $40K bail for Diamond Reynolds in hammer attack • East Metro World North Korea fires 4 banned ballistic missiles into sea UK lawmakers to companies: End sexist high-heel dress codes Nation NYPD agrees to greater oversight after spying on Muslims White supremacists have 'unprecedented outreach' to try to recruit college students, ADL says Politics House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Trump offers Planned Parenthood funds if it halts abortions markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Yeo's visit as Blues coach is about success vs. Wild, and for his son Wild keeping practices short but efficient Wolves Wet floor forces Wolves to postpone home game Scoggins: Even with postponement, Aussie gets taste of being Wolves fan Gophers Gophers, with Fleck fully in charge, get off to elite start for spring ball Gophers' Pitino named Big Ten Coach of the Year Celebrities Kate McKinnon of SNL lampoons Sessions in 'Forrest Gump' parody (Video) One Direction's Louis Tomlinson arrested in airport scuffle Vikings 'A true professional.' Vikings' Greenway to announce retirement Free agency might be unkind to Peterson poll Poll: What do you think of the Wild's trade with Arizona? 10,000 Takes Minnesotans are loving this mild winter, but I want more cold and snow In becoming a U.S. citizen, I realized I've been an American all along Featured Gallery Take a tour of the new Palace Theatre in St. Paul 14 photos The big, new music venue is being ran by First Avenue general manager Nate ... Featured Video Art Shanty project is an inspiring way to enjoy winter 01:17 Minnesota people talk about their Art Shanty' experiences on the open weekend ... Taste Young Joni in Minneapolis serves up restaurant of the future Granite City restaurant in St. Louis Park to close StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships Activism Labor and Women's Rights Movement Plan Ambitious Mass Protests to Fight Trumpism Key labor groups are throwing their weight behind an International Women's Day of mass protests. By Sarah Lazare / AlterNet March 3, 2017 Print Comments Photo Credit: Michael Wende / Shutterstock.com Sectors of the U.S. labor movement are throwing their weight behind an International Women’s Day call for mass actions to protest the gendered violence wrought by neoliberalism, from workplace harassment to environmental destruction to the gutting of welfare systems. Timed for Wednesday, March 8, the global day of action was “organized by and for women who have been marginalized and silenced by decades of neoliberalism directed towards working women, women of color, Native women, disabled women, immigrant women, Muslim women, lesbian, queer and trans women,” according to the International Women's Strike, which describes itself as a grassroots movement. The mobilizations also have the backing of the organizers of the January 21 Women’s March, the largest inaugural protest in U.S. history. While Women’s March organizers have termed March 8 “a day without women,” actions will include rallies, protests, direct actions and teach-ins, in addition to a more traditional work stoppage. Similar actions are slated to sweep nearly 30 countries, from Mexico to Bolivia to Russia. Tithi Bhattacharya, who is active with the U.S. arm of the International Women’s Strike, is a longtime activist for Palestinian justice, a professor of South Asian History and the director of Global Studies at Purdue University. She told AlterNet, “We knew very well when we used the word ‘strike’ that women (and men) in the vast majority of workplaces will not be able to go on strike. How could they? Union density is currently at its lowest in this country. Moreover, even where unions exist, they usually carry no-strike clauses in their contracts. A vast number of people work in states where striking has been criminalized for years.” “But despite these challenges,” Bhattacharya continued, “the involvement of labor unions and labor groups has been amazing." Chapel Hill-Carrboro schools just announced it will close down March 8 because it expects large numbers of employees to go on strike. Under the banner, Women Workers Rising, major unions and workers’ organizations are calling for a demonstration at the Department of Labor in Washington, D.C., to “end workplace violence and harassment and promote pay equity, one fair living wage, paid leave and labor rights at work.” The action is being organized by One Billion Rising in coalition with at least eight union or worker organizations, including National Nurses United, Restaurant Opportunities Centers United, OUR Walmart, the American Federation of Teachers, Jobs with Justice, the Domestic Workers’ Alliance and other labor and social justice groups. "Every day, we see the Trump administration’s attack on women's bodies and lives, especially immigrants and women of color,” Andrea Cristina Mercado, the campaign director for the National Domestic Workers Alliance, told AlterNet. “Our work, contributions, and humanity continue to be undervalued. That is why we endorsed A Day Without Women—as a way of showing opposition to the terrorizing and criminalizing of our communities.” “While some domestic workers are participating, we did not call on members to strike, because it's hard for many who are caring for elders or children to take a day off,” Mercado continued. “But there are so many ways to show resistance, and on March 8, we will stand together, and embody radical sisterhood." The day of action has earned the endorsements of union locals and workers’ organizations, including Labor for Palestine, Rutgers AAUP-AFT and UAW Local 2325 — Association of Legal Aid Attorneys. Among the endorsers is the SEIU Lavender Caucus, which describes itself as “the Lesbian/Gay/Bisexual/ Transgender (L/G/B/T) Caucus of the Service Employees International Union, whose purpose is to facilitate open and respectful communication between the L/G/B/T community and the labor movement.” Megan Moskop is a New York City teacher and an organizer with the Movement of Rank and File Educators (MORE), the social justice caucus of the United Federation of Teachers. Moskop said MORE officially endorsed the March 8 day of actions “because 70 percent or more of the teaching profession in New York City is women. Sexism in our profession is rampant. We only have the most basic family medical leave. Part of the reason it is such a hard job is because it's a job women have traditionally done.” “When women are standing up in the international community and saying sexism is real, we want to stand alongside them,” Moskop said. The U.S. platform for the International Women’s Strike includes calls for labor rights, a halt to gender violence, environmental justice and an “anti-racist and anti-imperialist feminism,” stating: “This means that movements such as Black Lives Matter, the struggle against police brutality and mass incarceration, the demand for open borders and for immigrant rights and for the decolonization of Palestine are for us the beating heart of this new feminist movement.” In addition, the platform calls for “full social provisioning” and issues the demand “that the welfare system work to support our lives rather than shame us when we access such rights.” Organizers say they draw inspiration from mass protests far beyond U.S. borders. “Following the example of Icelandic women in 1975, Polish women went on a day-long strike to halt plans for criminalizing abortion and miscarriage on Oct. 3, 2016,” the International Women’s Strike writes. “That planned legislation was immediately withdrawn by the government. Similar issues brought Korean women to protest several times that same month against introduction of higher penalties for doctors performing abortions. On Oct. 19, 2016, Argentine women responded with massive hour-long strikes and rallies to an inhuman femicide and brutal repression [by police] of the Women’s National Meeting." Union members told AlterNet that these kinds of mass protests are sorely needed in the United States, and that labor’s participation is often driven by the rank and file. “It’s important to see labor use its power to move protests further and go from demonstrations to strikes,” Peter Lamphere, a member of MORE-UFT and a teacher in New York City, told AlterNet. “We’ve seen that already in the immigrant community and with New York City taxi workers.” On February 16, thousands of people across the United States walked off the job, shut down their stores and restaurants and stayed home from school to participate in an immigrant strike against the deportation policies of the Trump administration. The strike was accompanied by mass protests in cities and towns across the country, including Chicago, Raleigh, Austin and San Francisco. Those mass protests followed a one-hour strike on January 28 by the New York Taxi Workers, in solidarity with large-scale protests against Trump’s travel ban targeting Muslims. "Drivers stand in solidarity with thousands protesting [the] inhumane and unconstitutional Muslim ban,” the 19,000-member strong union declared over social media. “We see the Trump administration as posing an existential threat to the labor movement, so right after the election we immediately got involved in pushing UFT to take whatever action it could to challenge what Trump was doing,” Lamphere emphasized. “So we pushed for the union to endorse the Women's March and sent buses. The women's strike is the next step coming out of that.” Sarah Lazare is a staff writer for AlterNet. A former staff writer for Common Dreams, she coedited the book About Face: Military Resisters Turn Against War. Follow her on Twitter at @sarahlazare.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg 'We're Going Broke': West Palm Beach Business Owners Want Trump to Spend Weekends Somewhere Else David Edwards / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 07:36 This Is a Fight Against Fascism—Our Resistance Tactics Have to Change Anis Shivani / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/05/2017 - 12:00 Robert Reich: 3 Terrifying Reasons for Trump’s Latest Rant Robert Reich / RobertReich.org Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/05/2017 - 08:38 Paul Krugman: Why Republicans Have No Idea What They're Doing Ilana Novick / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 06:12 White House Attorneys Scramble to Come Up with Evidence to Back Trump’s ‘Wiretap’ Claims David Ferguson / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/05/2017 - 08:16 The Shocking Links Between Azerbaijan Oligarchs, an Iranian Terror Group and Trump Hotel Travis Gettys / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 10:19 As Many as 60,000 Detained Immigrants May Have Engaged in Forced Labor for Private Prison Companies April M. Short / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/05/2017 - 13:47 The Distractor-in-Chief: Trump Counts on Media Falling for His Off-the-Wall Tweets and Failing to Focus on What Matters Jane McAlevey / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 06:05 The Search for Trump's Smoking Gun Robert Kuttner / The Huffington Post Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 07:08 John Oliver Blasts President Trump's Wiretap Allegations Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 03:42 Today's Top Stories Media Vampire Webpages Suck Content From Legitimate Progressive News Sites Immigration White House Announces Revised Travel Ban, Cites Bowling Green and 'Honor Killings' in U.S. Human Rights Abuse? Trump Plan Will Separate Immigrant Children From Their Parents The Right Wing Every Bizarre Trump Eruption Is a Rehearsal for When It Really Matters News & Politics 4 Ways to Stay Mentally Fit If You're Struggling With the Political Mess We Are In The Right Wing Trump's Generals Will Build on Obama Policies Toward a Permanent State of War for the U.S. News & Politics Trump's 'School Choice' Plan: Religious Fundamentalism at Taxpayer Expense World How the U.S. Created a Human Rights Disaster in Honduras—and How It Can Be Stopped News & Politics Khizr Khan Forced to Cancel Toronto Trip After Being Told His Travel Privileges Are Being 'Reviewed' Immigration Locked in Limbo: Ankle Monitors Hinder Immigrant Families Success News & Politics Disabled Cancer Survivor Invited by Maryland Democrat to Attend Trump's Speech: 'I Am Terrified by Trump's Push to End Obamacare' Labor Social Self-Defense: Labor Must Embrace the Anti-Trump Resistance to Fight for the Working Class Environment Trump Policy Could Wipe Out Endangered Gorillas on the Brink of Extinction—but You Can Help Save Them News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals Vampire Webpages Suck Content From Legitimate Progressive News Sites Human Rights Abuse? Trump Plan Will Separate Immigrant Children From Their Parents How the U.S. Created a Human Rights Disaster in Honduras—and How It Can Be Stopped ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com State Politics March 3, 2017 2:59 PM Republicans ready to ‘duke it out’ over budget, ideological differences By Mary Ellen Klas Herald/Times Tallahassee Bureau LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story TALLAHASSEE Florida lawmakers open their annual 60-day session on Tuesday fresh off one of the most bitter political seasons in years and for Republicans, who control both chambers and the governor’s office, the feuding has already begun. Senate President Joe Negron, R-Stuart, says voters sent a message that they want legislators to address education, economic security and water — including what he sees is a need to build a reservoir south of Lake Okeechobee to reduce toxic algae discharges into estuaries along the east and west coasts. House Speaker Richard Corcoran, R-Land O’Lakes, says “education will be a priority” but he believes voters signaled they want leaders “who will blow things up” — a validation, he says, of his push for lobbying and legislative reforms intended to “end the culture of corruption” in Tallahassee. If Corcoran’s rhetoric isn’t enough to ignite an intraparty feud, there’s extra friction from the political aspirations of a powerful few Republicans. Gov. Rick Scott and the three term-limited members of the Cabinet all leave office in 2018 and Republican legislative insiders — from Corcoran to Senate Appropriations Chairman Jack Latvala — dominate the field of possible replacements, injecting party politics into the testy session mix.   “Democrats will sit back and watch the House and Senate take pot shots at the governor, and duke it out,” said Rep. Janet Cruz, D-Tampa, the House’s minority leader. But she fears the political sparring will be so fierce between the ideologically conservative House and politically moderate Senate that “there will be a hellish budget fight” and the session could end in stalemate and forcing a special session. “There is always a political calculus as to your long-term goals as a public official that is at play in any given session,” said Sen. Tom Lee, R-Thonotosassa, a former Senate president. But this session he credits the election of Trump with giving “rebels and mavericks” like Corcoran “a booster shot of confidence.” Budget back and forth At the heart of the internecine war is how each chamber approaches the state’s $83.5 billion budget. Scott has called for $618 million in tax cuts, increases in education spending, and more than $800 million in cuts to the baseline of hospital funding. He wants to give $85 million to Enterprise Florida for business incentives and $76 million to the state’s tourism marketing agency, Visit Florida. But Corcoran has declared an ideological war against the governor’s “corporate subsidies.” Echoing the talking points of Americans for Prosperity, the Koch brothers-affiliated free-market advocacy group, House committees approved a bill backed by Corcoran to eliminate Enterprise Florida and severely limit funds to Visit Florida.   Democrats will sit back and watch the House and Senate take pot shots at the governor, and duke it out. Rep. Janet Cruz, D-Tampa Scott sees that effort as a direct shot at his most precious progeny, his jobs program. So the governor revved up his political committee, which he has keep in perpetual campaign mode since he was first elected, and launched a spirited assault on the House idea. His offensive included a taxpayer-funded roadshow to House member districts, robo-calls to voters, and a video produced by his political committee in which he accuses Corcoran of being a “career politician.” Corcoran responded by accusing the governor of proposing “$450 million in property tax increases” because the governor’s proposed budget allows the state to capture the tax increases on property values to pay for schools — a practice Republican Legislatures have done for years while denying it should be considered a tax increase. “That’s a hell no,” Corcoran said recently in an interview. “We are not raising property taxes to fund government waste, and we are not raising property taxes on property owners to give it to business owners. That’s a non-starter.” Gaming, marijuana and more While the budget battle will take center stage, lawmakers will also attempt to tackle a new gaming compact with the Seminole Tribe, enact voter-approved constitutional amendments to allow for expanded use of medical marijuana and tax breaks for solar power generation. They will attempt to rewrite the state’s death penalty sentencing law and the workers compensation reform law. And, with 160 lawmakers swept into power with millions in special interest money, lawmakers have also put a priority on advancing industry turf battles and ideological favorites. Bills that are ready for early action in the full House or Senate include Wal-Mart’s push to allow retail stores to sell hard liquor, the NRA’s push to let gun owners carry concealed weapons in more places, and the trial lawyers’ effort to create more avenues for lawsuits, including a conservative push to create a new cause of action relating to abortion. “There’s no question that the special-interest groups and the lobbying corps have a lot to say about shaping public policy and, with campaigns being so expensive, they have an attentive audience in their elected officials,” said Lee, the former Senate president. The Republican divide over spending is also shaped by the natural clash between the House and Senate in which “the House is trying to bring spending under control in a systemic way and the Senate doesn’t like to be shackled by controls — or budget requests made by bureaucrats — but wants to put its own fingerprint on the budget,” Lee said. As the political brawl over Visit Florida and Enterprise Florida played out last month, it overshadowed Corcoran’s ambitious budget and lobbying reforms designed to make it more difficult for his colleagues to become captive to special interest influence. His blueprint, first outlined in the fall of 2012 with 33 other Republicans House members elected in 2010, declares war on “self-promoting,” self-interested legislators. It blames leaders who “willingly trade significant policy achievements that would benefit Florida for trinkets sought by lobbyists,” and it casts special interests as predators ready to exploit Florida lawmakers for their own agendas. “Government is broken because elected officials fail,” Corcoran wrote in the white paper titled “BluePrint Florida.” He takes pride in the fact that “80 percent of the reforms” he has implemented since taking office as House speaker in November were part of the blueprint. Corcoran also has threatened to sue the Florida Supreme Court for allowing a retired justice to complete his unfinished opinions, ordered an investigation into the nearly $100 million in water wars legal bills owed by the Department of Environmental Regulation and sued the Lottery Department over a new contract. “It’s like coming down at midnight and clicking on the lights,” Corcoran said, referring to his first 93 days as House speaker. “Every single rock we turn over we find graft and corruption and waste of taxpayer money.” Who’s on the high road? But implicit in Corcoran’s agenda is the message that his predecessor Republican leaders screwed up and, to Negron, that kind of rhetoric is an “an act of hubris” and affront to legislative leaders of the past who were able to compromise to achieve results. “This idea that the mere act of trying to work something out is an abdication of principle, I find that to be a stunning rebuke to leaders that I look up to,” Negron told the Herald/Times Tallahassee bureau in an interview. “This system works. It’s not broken. There’s always room for improvement and transparency, and I’m proud of what the Senate’s done.” Cruz and other Democrats commend Corcoran for his candor about “corporate welfare” and what they consider Republican hypocrisy over property taxes. Rep. Sean Shaw, a freshman Tampa Democrat who served as Florida’s Insurance Consumer Advocate under former Chief Financial Officer Alex Sink, also commends the House for working to kill “anti-consumer” insurance measures and being willing to protect consumers as they rework workers compensation and property insurance laws. “Under this House, I feel that the consumer really is getting a fair shake,” he said. “It’s what produces fair and reasonable solutions.” Democrats say the legislative agenda should focus more on transportation access, affordable housing, gun safety, healthcare access and good paying jobs. “Corcoran makes a lot of noise and I would love for him to make a lot of noise about children getting shot,” said Sen. Oscar Braynon of Miami Gardens, the Senate’s Democratic leader. “I’d love to see him make some noise about the opioid crisis, not just issues that appeal to his personal ideology.” For the past 10 years Democrats have complained about the governor and Legislature sweeping money from the Sadowski Affordable Housing Trust Fund, which is earmarked for affordable housing. They put the proceeds from doc stamps on real estate transactions into general revenue to finance tax cuts. “It’s almost like white noise — they don’t hear us anymore,” Braynon said. “But because affordable housing is a problem, especially in our urban corridors, you cannot say you’re recruiting businesses if the people that work for them can’t live here.” The bad news for Democrats is that the debate over their priorities will be shrouded by the philosophical debate that will capture Republicans, said Gus Corbella, a veteran lobbyist, former Senate chief of staff and Republican Party operative. “Republicans are solidly entrenched in Florida leadership now so to that end we own the messaging,” he said. “What some people might see as political spats are the internal philosophical rumblings of being in the majority party” with Republicans on “both ends of the spectrum” battling it out. Job shopping Exacerbating the tension is the political calculation the governor and many key leaders are making about the impact this session will have on their prospects for higher office. Scott is widely viewed to be running for the Republican nomination for U.S. Senate to oppose incumbent U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson, a Democrat. Corcoran is considered a potential candidate for governor, challenging Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam, another former legislator and congressman who is considered the Republican frontrunner and has all but announced his candidacy. But if Corcoran runs, his immediate rival would be fellow Republican Latvala of Clearwater, the wily chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee who is aggressively raising money. The legislative players for the Cabinet races include Sen. Denise Grimsley, R-Sebring, who has announced her intentions to run to replace Putnam as agriculture commissioner. Rep. Matt Caldwell, R-Fort Myers, is considering a challenge to Grimsley. Names that have surfaced to replace Attorney General Pam Bondi include Negron, who briefly campaigned for the post in 2006, state Sen. David Simmons, R-Maitland, and Rep. Jose Felix Diaz, R-Miami. And for the post of chief financial officer, possible candidates include Lee, who sought the seat in 2006, and Jacksonville Mayor Lenny Curry, the former head of the Florida Republican Party. “The political roads are littered with the dashed dreams of former legislators who thought they could go to the next level,” said Corbella, the GOP lobbyist. “That’s a pocked road. The way things are shaping up, it looks like it may be mostly legislators running for these offices. The question is, will they transfer that Tallahassee power to a statewide level?” While Corcoran has commanded the spotlight so far, he is hampered by little name recognition if he does pursue a statewide campaign. Cruz said she fears that a tumultuous session that ends in stalemate, is revived by a special session, and catapults ideological issues into the limelight, may serve both Corcoran’s goals and the goals of the governor. “Both sides understand posturing and holding projects hostage for compromise,” she said. “We’ll come to a compromise, but when one person is trying to portray himself as purer than the others, if we are here through the summer, it is because of politics.” She also offers a warning: “History repeats itself,” she said, noting that the Republican feud is a lot like watching Democrats 25 years ago when they controlled the House and Senate. “If you look back at the last few years of Democratic reign and leadership, they were fighting with one another also. Hopefully, this is the beginning of the end.” Mary Ellen Klas: 850-222-3095, meklas@miamiherald.com, @MaryEllenKlas 5 key issues facing the Florida Legislature BUDGET Gov. Scott and the Legislature have very different priorities. The Senate wants to spend more on higher education and the environment, which would require borrowing, and Scott and the House want tax cuts, while both oppose borrowing. GAMBLING Lawmakers must decide how far they are willing to protect the Seminole Tribe from competition, in exchange for millions in annual revenues. The Senate is open to expanding slot machines throughout the state and at the Tribe’s casinos, while the House wants to restrict options while demanding more money from the Tribe in return. GUNS The Pulse nightclub massacre and the mass shooting at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport have intensified the perennial clash between gun owners’ rights and advocates of restrictions. INCENTIVES A House effort to eliminate economic development incentive programs, abolish Enterprise Florida and slash the budget of Visit Florida has sparked intense debate over the state’s role in attracting jobs and promoting tourism. MEDICAL MARIJUANA Voters broadly legalized the use of medical marijuana in November, but the Legislature must pass laws and rules implementing it, and it will be one of the most heavily lobbied issues of the 2017 session. Source: Herald/Times research Related content Richard Corcoran: "Hell, no" to property tax increase LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story State Politics Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:05 Court hearing on Miami-Dade mayor's Trump-friendly policy to jail people slated for deportation Pause 1:15 Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 2:15 Mother fights for changes after death of son to opioids 2:13 Music professor says creative learning can translate to any field 4:45 UK travel channel features Miami's art scene 1:50 Trump administration announces new travel ban 2:08 Inmate tries to choke detention deputy with towel 0:50 Dragon and Progress ships race to resupply International Space Station 3:11 Derrick Williams talks about the Heat's power forward rotation 3:11 White House responds to father of slain Navy Seal Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 14 hours ago Legislative leaders sound off on how 2016 election shaped 2017 agenda 6:59 14 hours ago Legislative leaders sound off on how 2016 election shaped 2017 agenda 0:52 12 days ago Richard Corcoran: "Hell, no" to property tax increase 1:07 19 days ago Florida lawmakers want to reform school assessment schedule View more video Stay Connected Follow Us Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again. Oops, you didn't provide a valid email address. Please double-check the email field and submit again. Oops, you haven't provided a valid captcha. Please enter the captcha and submit again. Sign up for email newsletters 5-Minute Herald (Monday - Friday) The best of the morning's Miami Herald. Afternoon Update (Monday - Friday) Latest news, plus the afternoon business & national news. News Alert (When it happens) the first to know when big news breaks. Business (Monday - Friday) Keep up with local business news and small business advice. Politics (Monday - Friday) Keep up with the latest news on national, state and local politics. View all newsletters State Politics Was the state’s massive lottery contract an illegal bet? Lawmakers push for more ‘religious liberties’ in Florida public schools Drug dealers as murderers? Proposed Florida law targets sellers fueling overdose crisis New Enterprise Florida CEO quits, cites ‘critical’ differences with governor This political leader stormed Florida’s capital and made a lot of people angry Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Rodeo EyeOpener Traffic Contests Events Weather 73° 73° Low 57° High 79° Wed 63° 70° Thu 67° 78° Fri 66° 78° See complete forecast Target has terrible holiday and warns of awful 2017 Posted 11:22 AM, February 28, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email An exterior photograph of a Target store in Martinsburg, Virginia. × Target has terrible holiday and warns of awful 2017 An exterior photograph of a Target store in Martinsburg, Virginia. NEW YORK (CNNMoney) — Tar-jay is no longer in style. Target missed the bullseye badly during the holidays, reporting earnings that were below forecasts. And the company’s outlook for this year was much worse than expected, sending the stock down 13% in early trading. Shares are down 20% this year. The terrible numbers from Target are just another sign of how tough it is for traditional retailers to compete against the online juggernaut that is Amazon. “Our fourth quarter results reflect the impact of rapidly changing consumer behavior, which drove very strong digital growth but unexpected softness in our stores,” said Brian Cornell, chairman and CEO of Target. To Target’s credit, the company has embraced e-commerce. Target said digital sales were up 34% from a year ago. That’s higher than Amazon’s overall sales growth during the holidays and even outpaced the 29% jump in online revenue growth that Walmart posted in the fourth quarter. The problem is that online sales are not growing quickly enough to offset the sales declines in Target’s physical stores. Target said overall revenue fell more than 4% from a year ago. Part of that was because of Target’s decision to sell its in-store pharmacies to CVS in late 2015. But revenue was down at Target even after factoring in the absence of pharmacy sales from the fourth quarter of 2016’s results. Consumers are increasingly shunning traditional retailers like Target and shopping online. Macy’s, Kohl’s, JCPenney and Sears have also been hit hard by this shift in recent years. Target seems to have been caught off guard by the magnitude of the change, though. The company had predicted a strong holiday quarter in November, but warned in January that its results would miss forecasts. The numbers Target reported on Tuesday were even worse than what it forecast last month. The company expects earnings for the first quarter and the full fiscal year will be lower than what Wall Street analysts were predicting. And Target said same-store sales, which measures the performance of stores open at least a year, will fall in the first quarter and for the full year. A decline in commodity prices has also led to problems in Target’s grocery division. Many big supermarket chains like Kroger and Whole Foods have warned that while lower food prices can be good news for consumers, they hurts profit margins for retailers. Target said it plans to “transition to a new financial model.” The company is expected to provide Wall Street more details about the new strategy when management has a conference call with analysts later Tuesday morning. The woes are the latest setback for a company hit by a massive data breach in 2013. The credit and debit cards of about 40 million customers were stolen. The problems led to the ouster of longtime CEO Gregg Steinhafel. Cornell, formerly an executive at Pepsi, took over in 2014 and had appeared to right the ship. Sales went back up. But Cornell now faces another problem that might not be so easy to fix — convincing consumers there’s a reason to put their phones down and head back to the mall. Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Connect with Eye Opener! Keep up with EO online! Popular Woman wants to find boy who left $5 and sad apology note on her door California’s Oroville Dam possibly washing up gold New details in MS-13 satanic gang killing of 15-year-old female Bank robbery suspects lead police on chase from Bellaire to north Houston Latest News Florida man caught on surveillance trying to kill boss three times in same day after being fired Russian company becomes first to create house using 3D printer Legendary magician’s mysterious death ruled accident TSA to get very intimate with new pat-down procedures Nation/World Blue Christmas: Mattel plunges on weak toy sales Nation/World NewsFix Wells Fargo’s notorious sales goals to get a makeover Nation/World Tesla gets downgraded to sell by Goldman Sachs Nation/World NewsFix Tech stocks soar as growth trumps Trump fears NewsFix Democrats, advocates question ICE raids after hundreds of arrests Nation/World The real cost of running a tax holiday on guns Nation/World Fallen angels? Victoria’s Secret sales plunge NewsFix Some good news for Flint in 2016: Crime is down NewsFix Istanbul attack: ISIS claims nightclub shooting Nation/World NewsFix 71-year-old, great-granddaughter missing since Christmas Eve found alive in Virginia woods Nation/World NewsFix Amazon worth more than Sears, Macy’s and Target combined Nation/World Lewd photos of female Marines spark probes, consternation Nation/World NewsFix Body believed to be of missing 6-year-old Colorado boy found in icy pond Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars GAMES Nintendo Switch sells out — but new shipments hit retailers this weekend Jeff Grubb@jeffgrubb March 3, 2017 6:30 PM Tags: console gaming, nintendo, Nintendo Switch, Switch Above: Just copy and paste your hands into this picture instead. Image Credit: Nintendo If you don’t have a Nintendo Switch by now, you’ll probably have to continue waiting at least a few more days. Nintendo’s latest console launch has come and gone (read our review of the hybrid home/handheld device), and the Switch is now mostly sold out at physical retailers like Target, ToysRUs, and Walmart as well as at online stores like Amazon, but you won’t have to wait long to get another chance to pick up the system because new shipments should hit retail locations soon. ToysRUs, for example, confirmed it will have more Switch devices on its shelves on Sunday. To get a Switch from a store like ToysRUs, you’ll have to show up in person on the days they get new shipments. It’s also always a good idea to call first thing in the morning to ask your local GameStop or Best Buy if they’ll have a shipment in that day. While you’re out hunting for a Switch, Nintendo executives back in Kyoto are probably keeping an eye on order numbers. The company has a lot riding on the success of this launch, and selling out through the first weekend isn’t its goal. With the Switch, Nintendo is aiming to course correct after the disappointing Wii U failed to catch on with consumers. To do so, the publisher will have to take this early momentum and excitement, which is partially a byproduct of the debut of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, and turn it into sustained sales over the next several years. But that’s going to start with you lining up early outside that ToyRUs in town on Sunday. Good luck! GB Latest News Logitech designed its latest gaming keyboard with esports players Nintendo sells 313,700 Switch consoles in Japan over launch weekend View more ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live RADAR: Severe Thunderstorms Hitting the Central US Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Skiers hit the slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Bald eagle tends to her eaglette in Fort Myers, Fla. Live look at the beach surf from Cape May, NJ Old Faithful geyser in Yellowstone National Park Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass. from Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Jaycee Dugard Looks Like the Image Forensic Artists Created to Help Find Her By Russell Goldman Close Follow on Twitter More from Russell Oct. 15, 2009 0 Shares Email Star Handout A smiling, seemingly happy Jaycee Dugard graces the cover of upcoming issue of People Magazine as a sign that after 18 years in captivity, life is finally getting back to normal. 0 Shares Email People magazine has made public the first image of Jaycee Dugard as an adult since the woman was kidnapped 18 years ago when she was just 11 years old. On the cover of the magazine, which hits newsstands Friday, a smiling Dugard with long auburn tresses looks remarkably like the age-progression image forensic artists at the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children created to help in the search for the missing woman. Click here to visit People magazine's Web site to see the cover and read more about the exclusive interview. Though Dugard and the two children she had with her alleged kidnapper, Philip Garrido, ultimately were rescued thanks more to the quick thinking of a police officer who met the suspect in August than to the image, similar age-progression photos have been instrumental in the recovery of more than 900 missing children. "The real photo of Jaycee and the age-progression are remarkably similar considering it's been 18 years," said Ernie Allen, president of the center. Allen called the process by which forensic artists create digital versions of what a person might look like years after they went missing "half art and half science." Short of her hair's color and style, Dugard had many of the facial features -- including the shape of her nose and mouth -- experts predicted should would when they created the digital image. The NCMEC has been creating digital age-progressions of missing children since 1989, because, Allen said, "the public has a hard time imagining what a two-year-old might look like at six or eight years old and these images help the public recognize and identify missing children who have gotten older." The center, which works in conjunction with the FBI and distributes the age-progression images through thousands of police departments and more than 400 private distributors that plaster the images on milk cartons, mass mailings and in well-trafficked public areas like Wal-Mart stores. Forensic artists create a composite image using photos of the missing child, photos of the child's parents when they were the age the child would be today, images of the child's siblings and a vast database of 35,000 images of children of all races and ages. The most important feature in creating an age-progression image of a young child over a long period of time is the growth in his skull and face, Allen said. "If you look at the face of an infant, it's all skull and forehead. Over time, there is a lengthening of the skull. We use family photos to simulate that cranial-facial growth and then we select out features that are uniquely inherited," said Allen. "That old saw that a child has his mother's eyes or father's nose is accurate more often than not," he said. Before the image is completed and circulated, artists consult with the child's parents, particularly the mother, about personal tastes that might influence what the older child looks like since she was abducted. "In some cases a parent might say: 'I'm sure my daughter would have bangs, or I think her hair would be longer," Allen said. The NCMEC updates age-progression images every two years for children under 18 years old and every five years for adults older than 18. Though the center previously used specially designed software, today forensic artists at the center typically use the popular photo-effects software Adobe Photoshop. The center has made age-progression portraits for children in many high profile cases including Sean Hornbeck, the boy who was found in 2007 after he was abducted five years earlier, and Maddy McCann, the British girl who went missing in Portugal in 2007. Some of the technology used in creating aged-progression images is the same forensic artists use to create facial reconstructions from skeletal remains. The younger the child was at the time of the abduction, the more difficult it is to create an age-progression image, making the recovery of Aric Austin one of the most remarkable recoveries aided by digital imaging. Aric Austin went missing in 1981 just shy of being two months old, left. The NCMEC created an age-progression composite of what he might look like in his late teens or early 20s, center. A federal investigator recognized Austin and reunited him with his mother when he was 22. Austin was abducted by his non-custodial father when he was just shy of 2 months old from his mother in Vancouver, Wash. in 1981. Twenty-one years later, a U.S. Department of Education investigator working on a case involving fraudulent birth certificates recognized Austin's driver's license photo from an age-progression image. In 2003, when he was 22 years old, Austin was reunited with his mother. Age-progression technology also was instrumental in the recovery of Sara Eghbal-Brin, a three-year-old girl abducted from her mother at knife point in France in 1999 and found in Canada three years later. This image of Sara Eghbal-Brin shows the girl when she went missing at age 3 in France, left. The center image shows a composite of what forensic artists believed she might look like at age 7. The photo at right shows the girl at age 8 after she was recovered. French authorities contacted the NCMEC and said they believed the girl was somewhere in North America. In February 2002, a Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer pulled over a car and recognized the girl in back seat. Dissemination of images to the public was critical in the recovery of Joseph Carson, who went missing in Phoenix in 1998 when he was 3 years old. Joseph Carson went missing in Phoenix when he was 3 years old. A customer at a local auto parts store saw the age-progression composite, center, created by the NCMEC and contacted authorities. The image on the right shows Joseph after he was recovered at age 9. A customer at a local auto parts store recognized the age-progression image that was being shown on a screen in the shop that featured missing children and contacted authorities. In 2003, when he was 9, Joseph was reunited with his mother. "The goal of using this technology is to keep the case alive and provide hope to the families," Allen said. "The world forgets, police run out of leads, the media spotlight fades, but with enough science and persistence we hope to stimulate the public and that they'll call us with information." 0 Shares Email Star Comments " 'Half Art, Half Science': Age-Progression Images Help Find Missing Kids " New satellite imaging allows unprecedented tracking of lightning strikes German court to rule in refugee's Facebook lawsuit Business group: China tech plan threat to foreign firms Pennsylvania Senate Democrats resist ransom in cyberattack Scientists tweak seat cushion material to clean oil spills Zap Map: Satellite tracks lightning for better heads up " World's 1st woman in space, Valentina Tereshkova, turns 80 Fitbit tracks your steps; now it wants to chart your Zs, too Hackers drawn to energy sector's lack of sensors, controls " House Republicans unveil Obamacare replacement plan " Exxon announces expansion program, Trump takes credit US setting up missile defense system in South Korea " North Korea, Malaysia step up dispute over Kim's death " Pregnant woman re-enacts giraffe livestream wearing mask " These mushers brave ice, snow and freezing temps to compete in Alaska’s Iditarod dogsled race " Journalist throws up during plane proposal to girlfriend " Young couple finds it 'freeing' to travel the country in a converted van " Dobby the newborn giraffe gets plasma treatment to bolster immune system " 5th-grader who gave marketing advice to Tesla is 'really, really excited' it's using her idea " Rare penicillin mold auctioned for more than $14K
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 2 Top E-Commerce Stocks to Buy The growth of e-commerce gives these two dominant companies plenty of room to run. John Ballard (TMFRazorback) Mar 3, 2017 at 7:11PM The growth of e-commerce continues to be a bountiful field for investors to find great stocks. In the fourth quarter of 2016, the Commerce Department reported that e-commerce sales increased 14.3% year over year to $102.7 billion, while total retail sales increased 4.1% in the same period. E-commerce sales represented only 8.3% of total retail sales in the U.S. alone giving companies like PayPal Holdings (NASDAQ:PYPL) and Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) a long growth runway. These two online behemoths are in the sweet spot of a long-term shift in how people all over the world are transacting in commerce and represent great choices for investors to consider. E-commerce is booming. Image source: Pixabay.  PayPal Holdings According to Datanyze, PayPal dominates online shopping with a 76.8% share of websites who offer similar payment options. This online dominance led PayPal to process 6.1 billion total transactions in 2016, an increase of 24% over 2015. The actual dollar amount processed -- or total payment volume (TPV) -- was $354 billion, which increased 28% year over year. Management's strategy to grow TPV has been to spread PayPal's payment service to as many places as possible. The more ways customers can use PayPal, the more customers it can reach. Since it spun off from eBay, PayPal has been on a tear, signing partnerships with major credit card issuers and banks like Mastercard, Visa, Discover Financial Services, and Citigroup. With these deals, customers will be able to use their credit cards in their PayPal digital wallet wherever contactless payments are accepted. An additional source of growth in the future will be the social payment service Venmo. Venmo's TPV increased 126% to $5.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016. This is an annual run rate of about $20 billion -- less than 10% of PayPal's total payment volume -- but this percentage should grow over time. As a result of current business momentum and the expected increase in payment volume from recent partnerships, management expects revenue growth to be 16% to 17% over the next three years, and PayPal's profit should grow in line with revenue. Taking a look at the stock's current valuation, the price-to-earnings ratio on expected 2017 earnings is about 25. PayPal generated $10 billion of revenue last year and management places its addressable market near $100 trillion. Given the large runway of growth ahead, the valuation looks very reasonable. Amazon.com Amazon has completely changed the game for retail. Its rapid growth over the last 20 years left many traditional big box retailers like Wal-Mart Stores scrambling to catch up. Amazon's net sales have grown from $511 million in its first full year of operation in 1995 to $135.9 billion in 2016, and there are still a lot of areas in the world Amazon has yet to penetrate. The key ingredient to Amazon's success has been the culture of experimentation that CEO and founder Jeff Bezos has instilled throughout the company. In his 2015 shareholder letter, he wrote: One area where I think we are especially distinctive is failure. I believe we are the best place in the world to fail (we have plenty of practice!), and failure and invention are inseparable twins. To invent you have to experiment, and if you know in advance that it's going to work, it's not an experiment. Most large organizations embrace the idea of invention, but are not willing to suffer the string of failed experiments necessary to get there. Outsized returns often come from betting against conventional wisdom, and conventional wisdom is usually right. Given a ten percent chance of a 100 times payoff, you should take that bet every time. But you're still going to be wrong nine times out of ten. We all know that if you swing for the fences, you're going to strike out a lot, but you're also going to hit some home runs. This approach has a direct connection to Amazon's growth. Amazon's fast-growing cloud-computing service -- Amazon Web Services (AWS) -- seems an odd fit with its retail business, but in fact AWS fits the company's core mission to be the world's "most customer-centric company."  AWS has been beating the competition in cloud services through the same relentless focus on giving customers the best value and the best service available. In addition to AWS, Amazon Prime was started as an experiment and has been a crucial component to the company's growth in recent years. As a marketing pitch for Prime, Jeff Bezos wrote in his 2015 letter, "We want Prime to be such a good value, you'd be irresponsible not to be a member."  Being a Prime member myself, I can attest there is a lot of truth to his claim. The success of Prime has disrupted the entire retail industry and changed the expectations of shoppers with free two-day shipping along with other benefits, making the company the gold standard of how online shopping should be done.   Amazon is constantly piling other goodies on top of free shipping like Prime Video, Music, and special exclusive deals on certain items for Prime members which creates a very sticky service. At the end of the day, Jeff Bezos is right: You really do feel it would be irresponsible to cancel your membership.  All together, Amazon's net sales grew 27% in 2016 and cash from operations ballooned to $16.4 billion. From day one, CEO Jeff Bezos has stated that the goal is to maximize long-term free cash flow. This focus has allowed the company to expand its fulfillment center infrastructure while keeping a sound balance sheet. At the end of 2016, Amazon had $25.9 billion in cash and marketable securities with $7.7 billion in long-term debt. The stock has tracked the growth in net sales and cash flow over time, and I expect it to do so in the years to come. Which means at the end of the next 10 years, you might be irresponsible for not being an Amazon shareholder. John Ballard owns shares of PayPal Holdings. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, eBay, Mastercard, PayPal Holdings, and Visa. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Ballard (TMFRazorback) None Article Info Mar 3, 2017 at 7:11PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $846.61 down $-3.27 (-0.38%) PayPal Holdings NASDAQ:PYPL $42.87 down $0.16 (-0.37%) Read More Amazon's Next Major Growth Driver Takes Another Step Forward Is Advertising Amazon's Next Big Growth Product? 3 Stocks You Can Buy and Hold Forever What Is Unearned Revenue, and Why Should Amazon Investors Care About It? My Top 3 Stock Holdings Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 2 Top E-Commerce Stocks to Buy @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $PYPL
Home The Mix In-Depth Littwin Keefe Events The Beats Civil Rights Education Environment/Energy Health Criminal Justice Politics Donate Mailing list Forced pooling is not mandatory swim practice Colorado law compels communities that own their mineral rights to lease them against their will Daniel Glick and Ted Wood - The Story Group December 01, 2016 Environment/Energy 2 Comments A slightly different version of this story first appeared in the Boulder Weekly.  When James Sines shopped for homes in 2007, he thought he knew how to pick a neighborhood that would never be drilled for oil or gas. His nephew, a geologist, told Sines to ask the real estate agent showing a house in Broomfield’s Anthem development whether the deed included subsurface mineral rights. The real estate agent’s answer was vague. Sines pressed the agent, and learned that the mineral rights beneath the otherwise spacious floor plan would not belong to him. Sines crossed the highway to a development called Wildgrass where orderly rows of executive homes were under construction. “The first question I asked was, `Do I own the mineral rights?’” recalled Sines. The answer was yes, and he bought the house. Nearly a decade later, Sines, a manufacturing consultant, learned that in Colorado, owning your mineral rights doesn’t necessarily protect you from drilling. An arcane provision in Colorado law allows energy companies to drill under residential communities even when homeowners own their mineral rights but don’t want to lease them. It’s called “forced pooling.” Forced pooling, Sines and his 509 Wildgrass neighbors have learned, gives oil and gas companies the right to drill under their property, as long as the company makes a “reasonable” offer to mineral rights owners and at least one homeowner signs a lease. Even if the rest of the community opposes the development and declines to lease their rights, an energy company can apply to the Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission (COGCC) for a forced pooling order, and the COGCC will almost certainly approve it. Forced pooling came to Wildgrass in the form of Extraction Oil & Gas, a company specializing in developing wells near Colorado housing developments – and generating conflict in its wake. Wildgrass residents first heard about Extraction in a letter from High West Resources, Ltd. dated June 24, 2016. The land resource company, which represented Extraction Oil & Gas, LLC, offered to lease each homeowner’s mineral rights in exchange for a $500 signing bonus and a 15 percent royalty on an undisclosed amount of potential oil and gas revenue. The letter ended with this pressure-infused sentence, in bold. “This offer to lease is valid for fifteen (15) days from the date of this letter.” Some Wildgrass residents assumed the letter was a Front Range version of a Nigerian get-rich scheme and tossed it. Others knew they owned mineral rights under their homes and had no intention of leasing them to High West, Extraction or anybody else. Some say they never received the notice at all. A handful signed the lease. Still others were worried, even panicked, especially when they found out that Extraction was threatening Wildgrass residents with forced pooling if they didn’t sign. For Sines, it was a sign he’d better sell. “It can’t be good for property values,” he said, standing near the “For Sale” sign planted near his curb on an early fall day. “There can’t be a return from this leasing that’s more than the impacts on the community’s property values.” He said he has too much sunk into the house to watch his equity disappear, and doesn’t believe that any politician, state regulator or lawyer is going to ride in on a white horse to help. “We’re definitely getting bent over,” said Sines. “I’m outta here.” For many others in Wildgrass, however, it was time to fight back. The Lowell Pad, where Extraction Oil & Gas plans a 42-well site, between Wildgrass and Anthem developments. 1889, meet 2016 The Pennsylvania Supreme Court established the “rule of capture” in 1889 during the heady early days of the oil explosion, differentiating an underground mineral right from a surface landowner’s right. The idea, put simply, was “drillers keepers”— whoever stuck a straw into the ground and sucked oil to the surface could keep it, even if the oil flowed from under a neighbor’s property. That didn’t work so well. (Remember the Daniel Day-Lewis line, “I drink your milkshake,” from There Will Be Blood?) The law evolved to address the increasing number of conflicts that emerged. One result  was to further codify this notion of “split estates,” where one person could own surface property, but another person (or corporation) could own the mineral rights below. As oil companies launched their 20th century catapult to become among the most profitable businesses in history, they hired sophisticated lawyers and lobbyists to write legislation that favored their industry. They ensured those laws would pass by using brute political force and slick public relations campaigns. Ensuing laws gave mineral owners preferential rights to force surface owners to accommodate their rigs, often with disastrous consequences to the surface owners’ domestic tranquility, not to mention their water quality and health. (The oil and gas industry recently spent millions of dollars in Colorado to prevent two initiatives from getting on this year’s ballot that would have placed some limits on oil and gas development, and spent millions more to pass November’s “Raise the Bar” initiative that will make future citizen-led ballot issues even tougher to pass.) Later, the concept of “compulsory pooling” surfaced, giving oil and gas companies the right to access underground hydrocarbons even when they didn’t own them or acquire the rights to lease them. The idea, said CU Law School Thomson Visiting Law Professor Bruce Kramer, was to ensure that a homeowner who didn’t want oil and gas rigs on their property “cannot deprive their neighbor the right to develop them.” Ironically, when two cities in Kansas passed the first “compulsory pooling” laws in 1927, according to Kramer’s analysis, they aimed to limit the number of urban drilling rigs. At the time, Kramer said, “thousands and thousands of wells were being drilled,” since a mineral owner risked having a neighbor drink the mineral owner’s milkshake if they didn’t sink a well themselves. Forced pooling, Kramer said, allowed multiple mineral owners to share the financial benefits of drilling without creating an inefficient mess — or being held hostage by holdouts. Fast forward to the drilling boom of the last decade, when a combination of new, horizontal drilling technology and more sophisticated hydraulic fracturing (fracking) techniques opened up vast frontiers of previously unrecoverable deposits of oil and gas. Oil and gas companies received exemptions from complying with provisions of federal environmental laws such as the Clean Water Act, as famously happened in 2005 when then-Vice President Dick Cheney’s controversial “Energy Task Force” allowed energy companies to withhold information about the toxic chemicals they used for hydraulic fracturing.   States like Colorado also legislated that oil and gas companies would receive preferential treatment on multiple fronts. The laws allowed energy companies to create larger and larger milkshake pools and to snake their straws for miles to access almost any fuels they wanted, including near schools, water sources – and under residential communities like Wildgrass. Over the past decade, residents, cities and counties facing oil and gas development in their backyards have objected. In case after case around the state, they have been systematically overridden: by state law, COGCC regulations and the courts – all interpreting laws that the industry essentially wrote. In May 2016, the state Supreme Court also ruled in favor of the industry by invalidating voter-approved restrictions on new oil and gas developments in Ft. Collins and Longmont, with repercussions for Lafayette, Boulder County – and Broomfield. “The government is not supposed to pick favorites,” said attorney Matthew Sura, who represents Wildgrass and other communities facing forced pooling and neighborhood drilling. “But the oil and gas industry is clearly their favorite here in Colorado.” With the support of the COGCC’s interpretation of its statutes, operators in the state are increasingly using forced pooling as a tool to work in more densely populated areas. Extraction Oil & Gas has 20 pooling applications on the COGCC’s December docket, many of them in and around the city of Greeley. A conservative estimate indicates there are at least 15,000 potentially affected mineral owners in those 20 applications alone, including family estates and corporate owners. Statewide, according to COGCC Director Matthew Lepore, the Commission issued about 540 orders per year between 2012 and 2015. About 40 percent of those were pooling orders, where multiple mineral owners were consolidated into one company’s drilling proposal, with and without the owner’s consent. The COGCC does not track how many owners voluntarily signed leases, and how many were “force-pooled.” In an email response to questions, Lepore wrote that the Commission has not yet encountered a situation where “all or nearly all” of a large number of mineral owners in a spacing unit “are united in opposition to leasing their minerals.” He said that if there is significant resistance, companies may eventually decide it’s too expensive and cumbersome to deal with so many “non-consenting interest owners.” At present, however, “the Colorado the Oil and Gas Conservation Act does not contain a minimum leased or participating acreage percentage requirement for a pooling order to be entered (thus, in theory, a 1% mineral owner could pool the other 99% owners),” Lepore wrote.   Mike Freeman, an attorney with Earthjustice, a non-profit environmental law organization, said that forced pooling laws were written long before “unconventional” gas plays allowed operators to access minerals from miles away. “The mechanism they’re using has really outlived its usefulness,” he said. Law professor Kramer agrees that most legislation around the country has not been updated to consider new technologies and human settlement patterns. “Most pooling clauses contained in oil and gas leases were drafted with vertical well drilling in mind,” Kramer wrote. In a phone interview, Kramer said that some states have altered their laws to give more weight to the property rights of surface owners. Compulsory pooling laws are still prevalent around the country, he said, but are not inviolate. “If a legislature wants to redraw the balance given to people who don’t want to develop their rights,” Kramer said, “the legislature is free to do so.” COGCC’s Lepore said that under current law, if the COGCC ascertains that the spacing is appropriate and the operator meets a couple stipulations, it normally grants such requests. Even homeowners who own their mineral rights have very few legal options to fight a company that wants to drill. “Essentially, an unleased mineral owner can object on grounds that the applicant failed to offer the mineral owner reasonable lease terms,” Lepore wrote, or if the lease didn’t allow homeowners to receive their fair share of the proceeds. In other words, simply not wanting it to happen in your backyard – even if you own the mineral rights –  is not a valid legal reason to object. “We didn’t even think it was possible to frack a neighborhood.” Extraction spokesman Brian Cain recently sent a statement to the news media regarding his company’s  Broomfield plans, stating that it chose locations “to be as far as possible from residential housing.” It promised to provide “professionally design [sic] landscaping, at each site before commencing activities to address visual impacts of these operations. The landscaping will involve rolling berms covered with natural grasses and trees inspired by Colorado’s flowing landscapes and vistas.” According to Cain’s statement, the company also planned “Best Management Practices and latest development technology” to “deliver the safest, cleanest, and best project to the community.” Cain did not respond to several emailed requests for further comment for this article, and his voice mailbox was full. For many people living in residential enclaves like Wildgrass, applying the forced pooling provision in 2016 to a densely inhabited residential development where the vast majority of residents don’t want oil and gas drillers is unfathomable. “We didn’t even think it was possible to frack a neighborhood,” said Wildgrass resident Bernie McKibben, expressing a sentiment shared by a rapidly growing number of urban and suburban residents around the state. The forced pooling news hit Wildgrass residents like a cannonball. “At first I really thought the High West letter was a joke,” said Stephen Uhlhorn, an engineer who bought a house in Wildgrass when he moved from Florida three years ago with his wife, a physician, and their two children. Like many of his neighbors, when Uhlhorn started looking into Extraction’s forced pooling plans, he went from disbelief to anger and defiance. “This is suburbia!” he said. “You don’t expect oil rigs in suburbia.” Uhlhorn is bewildered by the state’s willingness to allow industrial facilities in neighborhoods where it would be tough to get approval to build a new Walmart. “What’s next?” he wondered. “Are they going to drill under the 16th Street Mall? Apparently, there’s nobody that’s going to stop them.” As Coloradans continue to debate local control over oil and gas development, how far well pads should be set back from schools and water sources, and what limits, if any, should be placed on the fossil fuel extraction industry in residential neighborhoods, the Wildgrass case study stands as a sentinel and a warning: if state-sanctioned drilling can happen there, it can happen in any neighborhood in the state that sits atop viable quantities of hydrocarbons. Bernie and Linda McKibben, residents of Wildgrass. They are leading the anti-forced pooling efforts. Welcome to Broomfield: “A great place to live, work, and play!” To understand Wildgrass residents’ concerns about turning their tranquil suburban community into an industrial zone, one only has to drive north along county roads on the east side of I-25 out of Denver. Interspersed among large, new housing developments built by the biggest developers in the country such as Lennar and KB Homes are clusters of mini-refineries barely hidden by hay-bale walls and camouflaged by tan barriers the thickness of corduroy. There, oil and gas companies have built multiple wellheads and dehydrators, separators, compressors, pipelines and storage tanks within a stone’s throw of suburban backyard barbeques, swing sets and elementary schools. All these industrial sites are vulnerable to leaks, spills and explosions, and emit an array of pollutants, including benzene, ethylene and methane. State regulators have only the barest grasp of the kind and amount of emissions that escape these facilities. The COGCC does not regulate air emissions, and the Colorado Department of Public Health and Safety (CDPHE) only inpects well sites about once every five years. (SEE RELATED STORY: TEXAS TEA)  Scientists have documented undetected leaks and inadequate methods of determining the scope of toxic releases. Researchers have documented multiple health impacts on people who live in close proximity to oil and gas operations around the country. Nonetheless, Colorado state health officials still insist there is insufficient evidence to link exposures from neighborhood drilling to public health impacts in the state. Dr. Larry Wolk, the executive director and chief medical officer of the CDPHE (who is also a COGCC commissioner), recently told The Colorado Independent, “We don’t see anything to be concerned with at this point in time.” Broomfield (population 65,065) is almost equidistant from where the Broncos play in Denver (15 miles) and the Colorado Buffaloes play in Boulder (10 miles). It has easy access to the Boulder-Denver turnpike, is about a 40-minute drive to DIA, and is home to consultants, professionals and business people who moved to this Front Range playground so they can ski on the weekends, send their kids to good schools and enjoy open spaces and views of the Continental Divide from their bedroom windows. A Google-Earth-eye view of the Wildgrass development shows it as part of the swelling Denver metropolitan organism, with contiguous communities like Broomfield, Westminster, and Northglenn filling the remaining open spaces with tract homes and national chain strip malls. Broomfield itself has grown by almost 60 percent since the 2000 Census – three times the statewide average. Entering Wildgrass a visitor drives past laser-carved sandstone that marks the neighborhood as distinct from the nearby laser-carved enclave, Silverleaf. Two-bedroom townhouses in the housing tract sell from the low $400s. Five-bedroom, 5,000-square-foot homes fetch $1 million. You pass the Holy Family High School, owned and operated by the Archdiocese of Denver (more on that later), which many Wildgrass children attend. On an early fall afternoon, Latino gardeners with leaf blowers patrol the yards, delivery vans unload new refrigerators and residents walk Labradors on leashes. It’s an unlikely spot for yet another new battlefront in the state’s fracking wars. After Extraction’s sign-in-15-days-or-else letter circulated, a few upset residents wanted to know if they were alone in their outrage. They decided to take Wildgrass’s temperature, which is harder than you might think in a typical American exurban enclave, where people drive their Lexuses and Audis (and Priuses and Leafs) into garages adjacent to their homes, and rarely socialize as a community. One resident, Bill Young, is an IT consultant who created an informational website about the drilling proposal, then conducted an online poll. About 300 of the 510 homeowners responded, he said, with 75 percent opposed to any oil and gas development and ready to fight. Among the remaining 25 percent, most said they felt like the deck was so stacked against them that resistance would be futile ­– and expensive. A handful of residents happily signed on to Extraction’s plans. Ryan Nygard, who moved here from Canada two years ago and who’s been working in the oil and gas industry for 12 years, said that many of his neighbors’ concerns about health and safety are overblown. “I have no problem with it,” he said, adding that he doesn’t dispute that a majority of his neighbors oppose Extraction’s plans. Nygard said that there’s a bit of a hypocrisy factor at play here as well, since most Wildgrass residents take hot showers and heat their homes using natural gas and drive their cars to the mountains to ski. Nygard also believes that there is more support for his position than has been expressed publicly – what he called the “Trump factor.” Nygard said he signed the proffered lease with Extraction – after he made sure it wasn’t a hoax. A few Wildgrass residents hoped they’d receive six-figure annual payouts for agreeing to let their land be drilled. Yet those expectations are far out of line with Young’s estimates, based on information provided by Extraction, which put royalties for an average Wildgrass homeowner with a quarter-acre lot at about $3,000 over the first four years and maybe $100 a year after that. That’s hardly Beverly Hillbillies money. Among those who became part of the de facto organizing committee against Extraction’s proposed development are Linda and Bernie McKibben. The couple moved to Wildgrass from Phoenix about 10 years ago with their two children. Bernie is an electrical engineer who’s worked in the mobile phone sector, and Linda is a 30-year veteran nurse who’s worked in many different healthcare settings, from cardiac care to home health. Neither self-identifies as environmental activists, and they are dumbfounded by the energy industry’s television ads that paint outraged suburbanites as “fracktivists.” Linda notes that Wildgrass’s own covenants, codes and restrictions include a host of limitations of what residents can do with their property, from where they can park to what color they can paint their mailboxes. “There are all kinds of restrictions on what you can do here,” she said, “apparently unless oil and gas companies want to do it.” The community sought legal advice. They couldn’t find a lawyer to take the case at first, either because the lawyers they consulted worked with oil and gas companies, or because even sympathetic lawyers said the law allowed forced pooling of non-consenting mineral owners, no matter how crazy it sounded to some Wildgrass residents. They hired attorney Matthew Sura to give them a Forced Pooling 101 tutorial. He wasn’t optimistic, either. According to the documents Extraction had filed, the company wanted to drill up to 42 wells on the Lowell Pad that was north of Wildgrass but not technically on neighborhood property. The area to be horizontally drilled will also head towards the Anthem development to the north (where homebuyer James Sines had declined to buy), as well as land owned by the City of Broomfield and the Archdiocese of Denver to the south. Extraction had gained the surface rights to drill from four spots along the Northwest Parkway corridor; the closest is a half a mile from Wildgrass but other locations will be less than 600 feet from the nearest Anthem house, across the highway. In its application to the COGCC for the Wildgrass development, Extraction listed ten pages of “unleased mineral owners.” Extraction had already received provisional support from elected officials in Broomfield, which is both a city and a county, even though its citizens had narrowly voted to institute a five-year fracking ban in 2014 that was annulled by the state Supreme Court in May.   The upshot, attorney Sura told Wildgrass residents, was that “there was no statutory way to fight this,” and suggested using lease negotiations to limit the impacts on the community. Wildgrass residents said they needed some time to digest all of this and organize. They successfully lobbied the Broomfield City Council to support their request to postpone a “spacing hearing,” a process that helps determine how many wells can be drilled in a specific parcel of land, which was originally scheduled for Aug. 29. The COGCC agreed, and the hearing was rescheduled for Dec. 12. On Monday Nov. 28, the hearing was rescheduled again, for Jan. 30, 2017. If the spacing is approved, as expected, a forced pooling application will likely follow. In a phone interview, Broomfield Mayor Randy Ahrens, who describes himself as “an oil and gas guy” from his years as an engineer in the industry, said he is “appalled” by Extraction’s plans on several counts. First, Broomfield purchased the mineral rights near its reservoir from Noble Energy years ago because “we didn’t want to worry about oil wells” close to a water source. “We didn’t buy them so somebody else could force pool them,” Ahrens said. Second, in Extraction’s initial negotiations with the city, the company offered to consolidate several dozen well pads down to four, with a total of 40-50 wells. Now it appears that Extraction is planning up to 140 wells. “I’m appalled at the size of the operation,” said Ahrens, which would create a “major industrial site” that doesn’t fit with the nearby residential neighborhoods, including Wildgrass and Anthem. Ahrens said he doesn’t hold out hope that the COGCC will intervene, since “they’re going to rubber stamp anything.” Broomfield is exploring its options, Ahrens said.   Current Extraction Oil well in the open space west of Wildgrass. Extraction says they will close this well. Making a PowerPoint When Extraction executives heard that Wildgrass residents were going to speak with attorney Sura in July,  they tried to invite themselves to the meeting. Instead, residents agreed to arrange a separate meeting with Extraction representatives. By the time Extraction presented to the Wildgrass residents at the Broomfield Rec Center on July 25, many residents were still seething over the strong-arm tactics of the initial High West letter. Others were frustrated that they had to deal with this at all and wished Extraction would just go away. About 80 residents milled about before the meeting, sampling pastries and coffee provided by Extraction. Casually dressed (pressed khakis and white shirts, no ties) men from Extraction stood around posters with maps of Wildgrass and the proposed drilling sites, answering questions. The 7 p.m. start time came and went, and the crowd grew restless as the main presenter, Boyd McMaster, fiddled with a recalcitrant PowerPoint presentation. About 45 minutes into the scheduled two-hour presentation, the presentation sprung to the screen. This was not a good sign to many of the attendees, who texted incredulous remarks to each other. “This is the company we’re supposed to trust with drilling under our bedrooms?” wondered IT consultant Young. McMaster affably laid out Extraction’s plans to the skeptical audience, promising a question-and-answer session at the end. He said that many of Extraction’s employees lived in the area, and he understood there were concerns. “We’re not in the middle of the prairie here,” he said. “We’re in the middle of your community.” McMaster said that he and his team would always be available to answer questions, and shared contact information with the crowd. He described how they would use horizontal drilling methods to minimize the number of well pads. They would cap several older wells scattered around the county. They would build tall sound walls during construction and would follow the letter of the law. “Colorado has the strictest regulations of this industry than any place in the world,” he said, parroting the industry’s stay-on-message message. If the industry has been fracking this way for 60 years, then the Dodgers are still playing in Brooklyn. Then he took on the “F-word,” fracking, by calling it “hydraulic stimulation,” and said that the industry has being doing it for 60 years. This implies that nothing is different between the way companies drilled when Dwight D. Eisenhower was president and the recent technology revolution that allows companies to unlock mile-deep “tight-sands” reservoirs of hydrocarbons using millions of gallons of water mixed with chemicals and biocides. If the industry has been fracking this way for 60 years, then the Dodgers are still playing in Brooklyn. New technology has driven an unprecedented oil and gas boom (and bust) over the past decade – in Colorado and around the world. The boom slowed after a precipitous drop in oil prices (oil plummeted from more than $100 a barrel in April 2015 to less than $30 a barrel early this year before rebounding to around $50 recently), but has not halted companies like Extraction from preparing for a further price rebound­. On Tuesday, Oct. 11, Extraction Oil & Gas held an initial public offering of 33.3 million shares of its stock on Wall Street. The estimated value of the company exceeded $3 billion. In the taxonomy of oil and gas companies, mid-sized operators like Extraction fill a niche that investors might characterize as bold, but others call inherently antagonistic. “They take toxic assets that other people have walked away from and develop them,” said an independent operator who says Extraction is being overly aggressive in residential communities. The operator declined to be named because he works with one of Extraction’s shareholders. When it became clear that Extraction’s presentation was going to continue until the attendees’ babysitters would expect to be relieved, one resident asked about the promised question-and-answer portion of the show. McMaster started riffing through FAQ questions he had written down before the meeting. When a resident insisted that Extraction take questions from the live audience, McMaster did. One resident wondered where Extraction would get the water to do the fracking and where the produced water would go, referring to the byproduct of fracking that includes millions of gallons of hydrocarbon- and chemical-laced water that needs disposal. Would Extraction pipe it or truck it to injection wells? Where were those? Weren’t injection wells the cause of earthquakes, like what was happening in Oklahoma? The vague answers McMasters gave were disconcerting. The produced water, he said, would be taken to an injection well in Weld County, at least 12 miles away. That didn’t help much, said Sally Kaplan, a Wildgrass owner who attended the meeting. “They didn’t tell us where they were going to get the water from, or where the wastewater was going to be stored.” Just because it wasn’t going to be dumped in their backyard, Kaplan said, “doesn’t mean we don’t care about it.” Others wanted to know about the project’s timing. Although it only takes a few weeks to drill each well, McMaster told them, there would be quite a number of wells drilled from the pads, and construction would probably take about two years. That only made some residents even more nervous about their home prices and peace of mind. On a table along with Extraction’s brochures was a letter addressed to the Broomfield City Council and signed by six “concerned realtors.” The letter stated that the proposed oil and gas operations “will have a profound impact on the surrounding property values and the quality of life for Broomfield residents.” The Extraction meeting didn’t allay many Wildgrass residents’ concerns about safety, nuisance, stress, health complaints, air quality issues, impacts to water quality and availability and effects on their children and property values. “We were supposed to say, ‘We’re the one percent, we love hydraulic stimulation and we love America,’” said one homeowner, who declined to be named because of the sensitive nature of their job. “That’s not gonna happen.” It didn’t take long after the July meeting for residents to take McMaster up on his offer to answer their questions. At least five residents said they never received replies. “Nothing but radio silence,” Uhlhorn said. View from the Lowell Pad, looking NE across Anthem, where Extraction Oil & Gas plans a 42-well site, between Wildgrass and Anthem developments. The drill pad would reach under Anthem and it’s open space. Moving to “Doomfield” At Wildgrass, resistance to forced pooling doesn’t seem to follow partisan lines. Unlike Boulder County, the enduringly liberal Democratic enclave to the west, Broomfield has more unaffiliated voters (16,250) than registered Democrats (13,020) or Republicans (12,550). Issues like local control, property rights and government bullying resonate pretty strongly among Republicans, and issues like environmental protection and climate change are trademark Democratic issues. Wildgrass residents fanned out to gather information, employing an array of tripartisan expertise from lawyers, accountants, financial analysts, healthcare professionals, engineers and others among them. Many are reluctant conscripts, like IT security consultant Young, who has lived in Wildgrass since 2010. “It took it landing in my backyard for me to get involved,” he said. However grudgingly, Young joined the fray and started researching. He noted that in the Extraction presentation, “there was not a single slide about surface spills.” So he conducted his own search and discovered seven reported surface leaks in Broomfield in the past five years from other operators. Perhaps even more disturbing for Young, the city of Broomfield’s Public Health and Environment Division had documented that last year, 22 out of the 38 active oil and gas sites in Broomfield had leaked. Neither the COGCC nor the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment had detected the leaks. Extraction, Young discovered from COGCC documents, had 17 documented spills and releases around the state (this did not include two recent spills in November), several of them due to “human error.” He also learned from  the COGCC website that there had been 66 complaints filed against Extraction for everything from noise and odor to increased traffic from trucks carrying equipment to and from drill sites. Other residents started digging into water issues. Hydraulic fracturing requires large amounts of water, and also “produces” water that comes up co-mingled with the mile-deep oil and gas. One new well pad would be located between an existing reservoir and a planned reservoir, meant for recreation as well as for city drinking water storage. Wildgrass residents reached out to the Archdiocese of Denver, which owns land and mineral rights adjacent to Wildgrass under Holy Family High School. Since Pope Francis expressed concern about climate change and environmental stewardship in his Encyclical in May 2015, Wildgrass residents thought there might be some opening to find an ally in the Church. Initial outreach to the Archdiocese was met with a cool response, so Wildgrass residents printed up a flier with the headline in red, bold caps: FRACKING UNDER HOLY FAMILY SCHOOL and distributed it to parents. Wildgrass resident Jean Lim, a professor at the Jesuit-run Regis University, says that the impacts on her family worry her, but that there are also larger issues to consider. “The Pope’s Encyclical was a strong statement of environmental concerns on a global scale,” Lim said. “It should have the serious attention of all Catholics.” Lim said she has contacted the Archdiocese, and expressed an interest in arranging a meeting to discuss ways to work together to “secure health and safety protections for its high school students and the Catholic residents of Wildgrass.” Lim has not received a reply. A Denver Archdiocese spokeswoman, Karna Swanson, declined to comment on how or whether the Holy Father’s Laudato Si’ would be taken into consideration as part of the Archdiocese’s decision about whether to accept or oppose Extraction’s leasing offer. “We were approached by Extraction Oil & Gas to lease our mineral rights,” Swanson confirmed. “We at this point are not doing anything. We haven’t responded.” If our country’s energy independence and state economy relies on drilling in neighborhoods like Wildgrass, “We are way on the wrong track.” Linda McKibben, a registered nurse, started investigating health impacts and found an alphabet soup of federal and state agencies and universities that have published data about the negative health impacts of oil and gas development, including NIH, CDC, EPA, OSHA, NIOSH, CDPHE, CU, CSU, Cornell, Duke and many others. “There is a lot of literature suggesting there are legitimate health concerns for workers and communities near these developments,” she concluded. “It defies understanding,” she said, how state regulators could agree to let residents act as guinea pigs while epidemiological evidence accumulates around the country. Bernie McKibben started looking further into the COGCC’s role in overseeing oil and gas operations in the state. At first, he had believed Gov. John Hickenlooper’s assurances about the state’s ever-tightening regulations and inspections. He had taken heart from the COGCC’s legal mandate to, “foster the responsible, balanced development, production, and utilization of the natural resources of oil and gas in the State of Colorado in a manner consistent with protection of public health, safety, and welfare, including protection of the environment and wildlife resources.” But then Bernie started understanding just how little the industry was regulated, how rarely inspectors made visits, and how haphazardly companies monitored their own sites. He got a hold of the “Field Inspection Unit Well Inspection Prioritization” document from the COGCC, which he said floored him on multiple fronts. The document prioritizes a “risk-based strategy for inspecting oil and gas locations,” categorizing operations by risk factor and giving each a rating according to its level of importance. He discovered that “Population Density & Urbanization” only accounted for 10 percent of the weighted assessment. He found the fine print was even more appalling: The highest density the COGCC considered was in places where there were 25 people per square mile or more. This means that a semi-rural area like Clear Creek County is treated the same as Broomfield County, the second-most densely populated county in the state, with more than 1,700 people per square mile. “Looks to me like people in subdivisions like Wildgrass aren’t very high on their priority list,” he said. Another front on the Wildgrass fracking wars opened up with lawyers who lived in the neighborhood and who started scrutinizing the fine print regarding liability. They found that residents who signed the leases could be held responsible for Extraction’s legal costs and other financial consequences if there was an accident.  “We would be accountable for their errors?” asked Bernie, incredulously. Residents sought allies in the other Broomfield neighborhoods. The nearby Anthem subdivision had generated its share of concerned citizens, since Extraction was heading their way as well. Some Anthem residents owned their minerals, but many did not. At a Broomfield City Council meeting on Nov. 15, about 40 Anthem residents showed up to urge the mayor and council to protect them. The scale of Extraction’s plans, which had ballooned to 140 wells, was unprecedented, former oil and gas worker Lara Hill-Pavlik told the commissioners. “I am unaware of a single project of this magnitude which has been implemented in such close proximity to schools and residents,” she said. “And I lived in Houston.” “I told my husband, ‘We’ve moved to Doomfield.’” After the meeting, Anthem resident Michael Kohut said, “We’d like to set a different precedent: saying no to drilling in residential neighborhoods.” Patricia Romero-Trustle, who told council members that she recently moved from Los Angeles for a better quality of life, stood in the municipal building lobby after the meeting completely disillusioned. “I told my husband, ‘We’ve moved to Doomfield,’” she said. Broomfield City Councilman Kevin Kreeger heard the Anthem residents’ presentation, and is outraged at the whole concept of forced pooling – as well as the way Extraction has played its pooling card. “Forced pooling is big government and big business at their absolute worst,” Kreeger said, since it grants the state government the right to take one person’s property and give it to a company, even when “there is no social benefit of any kind.” He said that “Extraction has not operated with integrity or respect for our community,” and is disturbed that the company keeps increasing the number of wells it intends to drill. Originally, the plan was to drill 24 new wells after plugging and abandoning 26 old ones, Kreeger said. Now, Extraction has applied to drill almost six times that many, all of them near homes and schools. “That many wells means 24-hour drilling for years,” he said. Wildgrass residents gathered in one of their community playgrounds to show their resistance to the planned forced pooling action by Extraction Oil & Gas. NIMBY and beyond Wildgrass organizers heard a long list of reasons why residents and neighbors opposed Extraction’s plans. They ranged from NIMBYism to health impacts to an awakening that there’s a much bigger issue at play here, including the climate impacts of continuing to go full-speed ahead with fossil fuel development — even when there’s a gas glut and overwhelming evidence that human-caused climate change is already affecting Colorado in multiple ways. If our country’s energy independence and state economy rely on drilling in neighborhoods like Wildgrass, the engineer Uhlhorn said, “We are way on the wrong track.” Not all Wildgrass residents are convinced they can beat Extraction or want to fight the COGCC. Even those who do not support Extraction’s efforts worry that community members are spending time and treasure on a losing battle. Peter Pacek, a healthcare executive and nine-year resident of Wildgrass, said he’s concerned that there is “very little that an average citizen can do to hold them back because of the way the laws are written.” Still, Pacek said, he didn’t sign a lease, either. Residents will soon hear what the COGCC has to say about the next step, when the Extraction faces a usually pro forma “spacing hearing” now scheduled for Jan. 30, 2017. For the time being, the discerning homebuyer James Sines said this week, he’s pulled his house from the market, waiting for the next shoe to drop. Despite the COGCC’s long record of accommodating the industry, Wildgrass residents now know they are not alone: Their Anthem neighbors, as well as people in Greeley, Boulder, Ft. Collins, El Paso County, Battlement Mesa, Pueblo, Thornton, Longmont, Lafayette, Westminster and dozens of other communities around the state are all struggling to keep this rising residential hydrocarbon tide from swamping their neighborhoods. “We know that if we’re going to have any hope, we have to act as a group,” said Bernie McKibben. The group is likely to grow. When several Wildgrass residents met with COGCC Director Lepore recently, they asked him where they could move in Colorado to avoid having to fight oil and gas development. His reply: “Summit County” — a place so mountainous, it would be nearly impossible to drill.   Cover image: Homes in Wildgrass as seen from open space to the west.  All photos by Ted Wood/The Story Group CDPHE Cogcc forced pooling fracking Oil And Gas Wildgrass Like this story? Steal it! Feel free to republish it in part or in full, just please give credit to The Colorado Independent and add a link to the original. Got a tip? Story pitch? Send us an e-mail. Follow The Colorado Independent on Twitter. Like this article? Share it! Twitter Facebook Google Reddit Tumblr Email More StumbleUpon LinkedIn Pinterest Pocket Print About the Author Daniel Glick and Ted Wood - The Story Group The Story Group is a multimedia independent journalism organization. Check it out at the story group. Related Posts Q&A: Why the Colorado health department says fracking’s risk to health is “low” Broomfield votes down fracking moratorium, praises driller Colorado Senate to consider harsher penalties for oil and gas tampering Lafayette’s Climate Change Bill of Rights: A small town grapples with a big idea 2 Comments Charles on December 2, 2016 at 8:21 pm said: Holy Crap! I am going to have to find the time to protect our community. I live in Broomfield and drive through Anthem and neighboring communities at least once a week. Soon property rights will have no meaning. This is like living in an HOA. Cindy Lurie on March 3, 2017 at 5:18 pm said: I have lived in Colorado for most of my life and have loved and protected her beauty and natural resources as if they were my own heart and soul (because they are!) Having outsiders come in with such power and force to rape and pillage her for their own profit rocks me to the core. I am heartbroken and terrified. Leave a Response Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Name* Email* Website Notify me of new posts by email. "Small Media, Big News" - Founded, 2006. Born again, 2013. Search Keefe DONATE What people are reading Colorado congressman: “Rogue” ICE agent drove Denver immigrant into sanctuary Littwin: The bad news for Cory Gardner is that the Trump questions will get only harder US Supreme Court to Colorado think tank: Disclose your donors or don’t run these ads Gardner finally has a town hall, but you had to bring your own phone If the Congressman won’t come to you, go to the Congressman. Or not. KGNU Community Radio Hear headlines from The Indy every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 2:55 pm Keep in touch Just In Q&A: Why the Colorado health department says fracking’s risk to health is “low” Across party lines, Western governors see a partner in Pruitt The Home Front: Rooftop gardens, SWAT teams and civil disobedience Wiretap: How is Trump handling all the latest bad news? He’s mad — raging, steaming mad ‘Several’ terminally ill Coloradans have chosen to end their lives under CO’s new medical aid-in-dying law Colorado congressman: “Rogue” ICE agent drove Denver immigrant into sanctuary Why a Colorado newspaper chose to name a minor who committed suicide Transgender Coloradans hope third time’s the charm for change in birth certificate law Littwin: The bad news for Cory Gardner is that the Trump questions will get only harder Dan McMinimee out as Jeffco superintendent The Home Front: A rough day for law enforcement on the newspaper front pages in Colorado Sen. Rhonda Fields on news of possible retrial of son’s killer: “It just shakes my soul.” Why Trump’s water order heartens ranchers and worries conservationists Wiretap: The new attorney general did meet with Russians; he just didn’t bother to reveal it The Home Front: In Colorado, a juror in a decade-old death penalty trial is on the run Gardner finally has a town hall, but you had to bring your own phone Trump calls education ‘the civil rights issue of our time’ — and asks for a school choice bill If the Congressman won’t come to you, go to the Congressman. Or not. Littwin: Trump plays a grown-up; enemies of the people swoon Broomfield votes down fracking moratorium, praises driller scroll Read More EVENTS Indy reporter Marianne Goodland talks statehouse politics on KMGH Indy reporter Marianne Goodland joined KMGH anchor Anne Trujillo on Sunday, Feb. 19 to talk about the latest news from the Colorado General Assembly. Goodland and […] Read More Indy reporter Marianne Goodland talks statehouse politics on KMGH TWITTER Tweets by @COindependent THE BLOGS The Home Front: A rough day for law enforcement on the newspaper front pages in Colorado A Loveland police sergeant charged with assault. A state investigation into a sheriff’s detective in Fremont. A probe into the Denver police department’s number two […] Read More FACEBOOK Our Mission To serve the needs of readers and communities throughout Colorado according to this simple, meaningful idea: The only bias we have is for good journalism. We take the role of journalism as a public trust seriously. The goal is to make impact, to inspire action by moving readers on important issues with stories that provide missing context, unearth buried facts and amplify unheard voices. Categories Civil Rights Criminal Justice Education Environment/Energy Health Politics Information About us Donate Contact Us Privacy Policy Board of Directors Home The Mix In-Depth Littwin Keefe Events The Beats Donate Mailing list Photo Credit: Denver Public Library; Western History Collection; L C. McClure; MCC-1824; Site Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 11590 32 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Doctors try to balance care, federal demands Still, they can't control what their patients eat and whether they exercise or take meds. Post to Facebook Doctors try to balance care, federal demands Still, they can't control what their patients eat and whether they exercise or take meds.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2lIjrgy {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 13 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs This story is part of the series the future of healthcare Hospitals increasingly try to keep patients away Hospitals target social needs to boost health Obamacare proposals, politics create uncertainty Doctors try to balance care, federal demands Jayne O'Donnell , USA TODAY Published 4:48 p.m. ET March 3, 2017 | Updated 12 hours ago Tim Layman visits his doctor, Mark Miller, in Fayetteville, Ark. (Photo: Mark Miller) 11590 CONNECTTWEET 32 LINKEDIN 13 COMMENTEMAILMORE Tim Layman has high blood pressure but stopped taking medication for it more than two years ago because "it's not really for me." "I believe there is a God that supersedes that natural order," says the Rogers, Ark., pastor. "I’ve been made this way, and I’m not concerned about it." His doctor is. Mark Miller is worried about his friend and patient's health, but he's also concerned about his bottom line. Soon it will take a hit if the health of patients such as Layman does. While Washington determines the fate of the Affordable Care Act, a less well-known rule overhauls how doctors get paid and the kind of health care they deliver. The new rule, finalized last fall, replaced a much-criticized formula that put doctors at risk of annual double-digit pay cuts with one that links their payments to the quality of their service. Still, it's hardly perfect. "I can make all the recommendations, but If the patient doesn’t comply, I may not meet the goals," Miller says. Miller supports the rule, which was  part of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act (MACRA), and is part of an effort to improve the quality of care and reporting in his area. He just finds some patients harder to treat than others, even in his relatively healthy area of Fayetteville near the Walmart headquarters. He and a colleague  discussed the challenges of one such Medicare patient before a recent interview. "The downfall of quality reporting is that some patients, because of diet and lifestyle, are going to have more heart attacks," Miller says. "That makes me look worse than the quality of care I’m really trying to deliver to the patient." At 55, Layman isn't on Medicare but gained insurance when Arkansas expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act.  He's emblematic of the challenges Miller faces. Layman has decided to ignore low-fat eating: "Gravy and bacon are back on the menu for me." "The only concern I have about food is that at 255 pounds, I’m not trying to get any bigger," says Layman, who is 6 feet tall. "I try to moderate how much I intake, but what I intake is of no consequence to me." Since the ACA's passage in 2010, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has tried to accelerate the move away from paying doctors and hospitals for the quantity of services to focus more on the actual results. The new rule consolidated several "merit-based" incentive systems into one that reduces the possible penalties doctors face while making them eligible for potentially larger bonuses. Read more:  Obamacare repeal threatens public health funding to states Business, community groups boost health partnerships Obamacare's Medical History The vast majority of doctors aren't even sure what the new payment system requires of them, says Tom Giannulli, a doctor who is chief medical information officer of the physician software company Kareo. Miller, one of Kareo's clients, is an exception. "A lot of them are not clear on why (regulators) are doing it," says Giannulli.  "It's for everyone’s benefit and so we can finance Medicare in the future." MACRA  is “a really significant signal to the market...that healthcare is fundamentally shifting," says Jack Stockert, a physician who heads business development for the health care technology company Health2047. The American Medical Association was one of the initial investors in Health2047, which is helping doctors prepare for health care delivery at the century's midpoint. Doctors, says Stockert, "have always held themselves accountable to delivering the best health outcomes." But the proof in whether they were succeeding was typically anecdotal. “There is no data on what’s working and what’s not, which is a result of isolated data, messy data, and incomplete data," he says. "This helps move the market in that direction." 'Norman Rockwell painting' James Walker has practiced family medicine in Washington state and rural Oregon since he graduated from medical school in 1980. It's been a bumpy road for a once-solo practitioner, in no small part because of Washington, D.C. Walker sold his practice to a hospital in 2010 when it became "totally infeasible from a financial standpoint" to remain independent. That hospital will soon spend about $11 million for the technology needed to meet federal requirements for data and electronic records. Walker's daughter, Emily Stockert, is an anesthesiologist at Stanford Medical Center, and Jack Stockert, his son in law, works to make the shift to high-tech health easier for other doctors. While he was training to be a doctor, Stockert found it wasn't like the "Norman Rockwell painting" he expected and that he saw in his father in law's enjoyment of the doctor-patient relationship. "We should all want that In our medicine, in our doctors, in our patient experience," he says. He hopes helping doctors overcome health IT challenges will make health care more rewarding. Physician Jack Stockert, left, and his wife, Emily Stockert, go to her 2015 University of Chicago medical school graduation with their daughter, Juniper, and Emily's father, James Walker, a family practice doctor.  (Photo: Jack Stockert) "MACRA causes a shift and drives innovation to begin to show more clearly what is effective," Stockert says. "And by paying for better outcomes, the legislation ensures that decisions that deliver healthier people are rewarded appropriately." Walker, his father in law, says he would have liked to have seen "a good data test" before the new quality reporting rule "was foisted on the public." "In 20 years, will there be fewer diabetic foot amputations for all the effort expended?" he asks. "Sometimes the outcomes don't pan out." Miller, who is on the board of a clinical network of hospitals and doctors offices in his area, tries to stay ahead of quality reporting. He just hired a "care navigator" at his TruHealth Family Care because he sees "the writing on the wall."  He expects her to "pay for her salary" many times over, given the effect her work will have on his Medicare payments. "I’m actually pretty excited about it," Miller says of payment changes.  "I'm embracing it because I know it’s the future." 11590 CONNECTTWEET 32 LINKEDIN 13 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2lIjrgy This story is part of the series the future of healthcare Hospitals increasingly try to keep patients away Hospitals target social needs to boost health Obamacare proposals, politics create uncertainty
Hot Topics: Firefighter Honored Medina Cemetery Sneak Peek at Scheels Hermit Park Reopens 5 Things to Do This Week Track Season Preview RH Line Horse Rescued Police Calls Library Director to Retire Daily Record: Loveland police calls March 3-4, 2017 Posted:   03/04/2017 04:32:34 PM MST Notable Calls Friday • Noon. Drugs at Thompson Valley High School, 1669 Eagle Drive. • 1 p.m. Forgery in the 500 block of West First Street. • 1 p.m. Theft in the 300 block of West 47th Street. • 1 p.m. Assault in the 300 block of Terri Drive. • 2 p.m. Harassment at Thompson Valley High School, 1669 Eagle Drive. • 2 p.m. Motor vehicle accident with injury in the 5500 block of North Garfield Avenue. • 2 p.m. Motor vehicle accident with injury at the intersection of East Eisenhower Boulevard and North Boyd Lake Avenue. • 3 p.m. Trespass at the McDonald's in Wal-Mart, 1325 N. Denver Ave. • 4 p.m. Driving under the influence of drugs in the 200 block of East 29th Street. • 5 p.m. Hit-and-run at King Soopers, 1275 Eagle Drive. • 6 p.m. Warrant in the 700 block of West Ninth Street. • 6 p.m. Fraud in the 4700 block of Clydesdale Parkway. • 6 p.m. Shoplifting at Tommy Hilfiger, 5801 McWhinney Blvd. • 6 p.m. Warrant in the 400 block of East Second Street. • 7 p.m. Weapons in the 1000 block of East 47th Street. • 8 p.m. Robbery at Buckle, 5897 Sky Pond Drive. • 11 p.m. Disturbance in the 1900 block of East 16th Street. Saturday • 2 a.m. DUI in the 200 block of West Fourth Street. Advertisement • 3 a.m. Drugs in the 1400 block of North Madison Avenue. • 5 a.m. DUI in the 1200 block of Silver Leaf Drive. • 9 a.m. Warrant at the Loveland Police and Courts Building, 810 E. 10th St. • 10 a.m. Warrant at the Loveland Police and Courts Building. Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Loveland library users gain access to 5 cities' collections Congressman Jared Polis hosts town hall Sunday in Fort Collins County Road 31 reopens   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Tuesday, March 7, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 54°F Cloudy with Rain Tuesday, March 7, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Rich Warren: Comcast launches app to track service reps share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More A & E Country star to play for Paris Pence jokes with 'enemy of the people' at Gridiron Dinner 'Logan' slices box office with $85.3 million That's Entertainment: Spotlighting events troughout the area × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » Arts & Entertainment » Local Rich Warren: Comcast launches app to track service reps Sun, 03/05/2017 - 7:00am | Rich Warren Bulletin from the North Pole: For those girls and boys who have been good, Santa now offers to shimmy down the chimney within a prearranged half-hour window, and you can track him with a smartphone app. That way, the milk won't be warm, and the cookies won't go stale. You probably don't believe that, but would you believe that a Comcast service technician will make a specific appointment window with you and you can track him with a Comcast app? This is the press release from Comcast: "Comcast announces Tech ETA, a new feature on its My Account app that lets customers know when technicians are en route and within about 30 minutes of arriving for scheduled appointments." Tech ETA also provides the tech's name and photo, so customers know exactly who to expect at the door. John Crowley, Comcast's Greater Chicago Region senior vice president, said, "Tech ETA is the latest tool we launched to help save our customers time and simplify their experience. Knowing within 30 minutes when our techs are going to arrive will help customers plan their days." The press release continued: "Comcast narrowed its appointment windows from four to two hours a few years ago and also began an initiative to ensure that techs arrive on time. In 2016, Comcast technicians were on time for customer appointments 97 percent of the time. This is also part of a multiyear effort to transform the customer experience. From investments in technology, like Tech ETA, to the training and hiring of 5,500 new U.S.-based customer service employees (Comcast has more than 900 customer service representatives working in Illinois already) to new customer tools and billing enhancements, the entire company is engaged in this mission. Customers can access the app in the Android and iOS app stores." Image conversion question A dedicated reader found a review online I had written about a Yamaha audio receiver for a Chicago newspaper in 1985 and asked me questions about it. While I have a pretty good memory, I cannot clarify reviews I wrote 32 years ago. Here is a more immediate and pressing query from a reader: "My wife has a boxful of 1960s slides and 8mm movies. She would like to convert them to a CD or like media for her brother who has ALS. She has searched the internet and is uncertain about costs, quality and provider reliability. Could you recommend a provider (hopefully local) or at least some parameters so we could expedite this conversion? We may have only a few months to get this completed." Most large chain stores such as Walgreens, Wal-Mart, Staples and Costco offer this service. While the stores themselves are reliable, they farm out the work to other companies that may do a less than impeccable job. DVD Memories Preserved is a local outfit at 701 Devonshire Drive, C, 217-239-6638. Although its lone Yelp review is not favorable, I'd give it the benefit of the doubt. The company has been in business for 11 years. If you'd prefer to go the internet route, ScanCafe seems to have a good reputation and has received good writeups by national media. They charge 33 cents per slide for processing in their U.S. facility and have a fairly fast turnaround time. You can pay extra for 10-day service. Do not use their ValueKit service, because that is sent to India and could take two months. Find them at scancafe.com) I suggested to our reader that he could do the job at home with an inexpensive scanner and a modest PC or Mac, but he avowed he was not technically inclined. Home users can find free software to improve the appearance of their slides as they're scanned, but the professionals do this automatically. Thus, a faded or scratched slide can look almost as good as the day it came back from the film lab. Rich Warren, who lives in the Champaign area, is a longtime reviewer of consumer electronics. He can be emailed at hifiguy@mchsi.com. Sections (2):Local, Arts & Entertainment Topics (3):Internet, Technology, Television More A & E Country star to play for Paris Pence jokes with 'enemy of the people' at Gridiron Dinner 'Logan' slices box office with $85.3 million That's Entertainment: Spotlighting events troughout the area More A & E Country star to play for Paris Pence jokes with 'enemy of the people' at Gridiron Dinner 'Logan' slices box office with $85.3 million That's Entertainment: Spotlighting events troughout the area Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Most Viewed News UPDATED: UI student's fatal balcony fall deemed accidental Former UI student to plead guilty in newborn's death UPDATED: UI student's fatal balcony fall deemed accidental The $1.6 million question: Cost of changing coaches Sadorus woman faces drug charges Most Commented News GOP mayoral candidate voted in Urbana's Democratic primary LIVE! Marlin wins Urbana primary (w/video) Landmark hotel may become Hilton The $1.6 million question: Cost of changing coaches UPDATED: UI student's fatal balcony fall deemed accidental Trending Now Sadorus woman faces drug charges UPDATED: UI student's fatal balcony fall deemed accidental UPDATED: UI chancellor vows to start talks on ending Unofficial The $1.6 million question: Cost of changing coaches Life remembered: UI student 'was always there for his friends' Country star to play for Paris Fire guts home in Rantoul, kills dog Landmark hotel may become Hilton Tolono man gets probation for solicitation of teen Sunday Special: Figueroa has Parkland hoops on a roll Richey's Big Ten basketball tournament picks, analysis Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Frequently Asked Questions Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Dying shopping malls are wreaking havoc on suburban America Hayley Peterson Mar. 5, 2017, 7:30 AM 82,259 facebook linkedin twitter email print Rolling Acres Mall in Akron, Ohio. Nicholas Eckhart Rolling Acres Mall in Akron, Ohio, opened in 1975 to great fanfare as the premier shopping destination for the surrounding community. But customer traffic started to slow more than a decade ago, several department stores abandoned their leases, and the mall began to fail. It lost its last store tenant in 2013. Over that period, the mall was the scene of several crimes. A homeless man was sentenced to a year in prison for living inside a vacant store, another man was electrocuted trying to steal copper wire from the mall, and the body of a likely murder victim was found behind the shopping center. The mall was still vacant last year, and it remained a safety concern — the mayor of Akron instructed residents in July to "stay clear of the area." The city began the process of demolishing the rotting shopping center in late October. Like Rolling Acres, shopping malls across the country are dying, and, in some cases, leaving jobless communities and rotting buildings that are hotbeds for crime in their wake. Dozens of malls have closed in the last 10 years, and many more are at risk of shutting down as retailers like Macy's, JCPenney, and Sears — also known as anchor stores — shutter hundreds of stores to staunch the bleeding from falling sales. The commercial-real-estate firm CoStar estimates that nearly a quarter of malls in the US, or roughly 310 of the nation's 1,300 shopping malls, are at high risk of losing an anchor store. Many storefronts in the struggling Regency Square Mall in Richmond, Virginia, have gone dark. Business Insider/Hayley Peterson When anchor stores close, it can be hard to find businesses to replace them, because they occupy the multistory buildings at mall entrances that are often at least 100,000 square feet. If no replacement tenant is found, the loss could trigger a decadeslong downward spiral for the shopping mall and surrounding communities. "The communities wither away, and they never come back," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting and investment banking firm headquartered in New York City. When anchor stores are boarded up, traffic to the retailers in the middle sections of malls tends to decrease. That has been happening at shopping malls nationwide, and now many retailers are going out of business and closing their stores as a result. Within the last couple of months, several mall-based stores — including American Apparel, Abercrombie & Fitch, The Limited, Bebe, BCBG, and Wet Seal — have announced mass closures. Skye Gould The process of a shopping mall shutting down is slow, often over the course of a decade or more. As stores are boarded up one by one, shopper traffic slows and crime in the area tends to spike, Davidowitz says. "Malls are big, big contributors to city and state taxes, jobs, and everything," Davidowitz said. "Once they close, they are a blight on the community for a very long time." Kevin Zent, 59, of Memphis, Tennessee, said that crime is a huge problem at malls near his home and that he no longer shops at them as a result. "Cars are keyed randomly in mall parking lots, and there is not enough security to provide the level of safety a family wants while they are at the mall," he told Business Insider. Rolling Acres Mall in Akron, Ohio, in 2014. Nicholas Eckhart There were 890 reported crime incidents at one Memphis-area mall between January 1, 2012, and July 15, 2015, according to an investigation last summer by the local NBC affiliate WMC Action News. Zent said he believes that crime is the biggest reason mall traffic has declined in the last decade, though many analysts attribute those declines to shoppers' changing preferences and the rise of online shopping. Studies show that Americans are increasingly choosing to spend money on technology and experiences like vacations over apparel. When they shop for clothing, an increasing number of them are going to discount stores like TJ Maxx or ordering from Amazon. "The shopping that used to be done in the mall is now at Family Dollar, Dollar General, Dollar Tree, TJ Maxx, and Walmart," Davidowitz said. The food court at Regency Square Mall in Richmond, Virginia. Business Insider/Hayley Peterson Along with potential upticks in crime, dying malls can lead to building vacancies in the areas immediately surrounding them. For example, Regency Mall in Augusta, Georgia, closed in 2002. Fifteen years later, most of the properties along Gordon Highway where it's located are also vacant, according to WJBF. This has made it difficult to persuade developers to consider renovating the mall. In best-case scenarios, malls will redevelop anchor spaces and find tenants able to pay even higher rents, like restaurants or apartment complexes. The likelihood of this outcome is much higher in affluent urban areas. Two developers are trying to make this kind of redevelopment happen at Regency Square Mall in Richmond, Virginia, which has lost more than a dozen tenants and two Macy's stores over the last several years. The mall's JCPenney and Sears stores remain open, but multiple stores in the middle of the mall have gone dark. A former Macy's entrance at Regency Square Mall in Richmond, Virginia, now features a boarded-up wall and a vending machine. Business Insider/Hayley Peterson The developers that own the mall have proposed a $35 million plan to raise the roof of the former Macy's buildings to make room for a possible movie theater and trampoline park. Mark Slusher, senior vice president of Thalhimer Realty Partners, which owns the mall with The Rebkee Company, explained the idea behind the proposal at a recent meeting with local government officials. "The buzzword is experiential retail," Slusher said, according to The Richmond Times-Dispatch. "We are trying to create a new experience and bring people in, to attract them to the Regency experience. What that means is we need theaters and craft breweries and restaurants and trampoline parks and laser tag — things that people can experience in real life to compete with the internet. That's becoming our big competitor now — the web. We want to give people real life experiences." Business Insider/Hayley Peterson SEE ALSO: A giant wave of store closures is about to hit the US NOW WATCH: How Sears went from retail icon to empty stores Loading video... More: Retail Shopping Mall Macy's Sears Death of Suburbia BI Graphics facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Dying shopping malls are wreaking havoc on suburban America Dying shopping malls are wreaking havoc on suburban America Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Nobel Prize-winning biologist reveals the biggest mistake she made early in her career More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper North Hills North Hills School Board approves tax break for The Block Northway developer Tony LaRussa | Friday, March 3, 2017, 12:51 p.m. Submitted This is an artist's rendering of the aerial view of the proposed mixed-use development on the hill above The Block Northway. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Despite concerns raised by several directors, the North Hills School Board on Thursday approved a tax break to The Block Northway to build a residential and commercial complex on property it owns behind the shopping mall. “I am in favor of the development of the property,” said school Director Thomas Kelly. “But I do have some concerns. While I recognize the value of incentivizing large commercial developments like this, I do believe that a 10-year tax abatement ... may be a little excessive, it may not be necessary. I don't think we should be granting tax abatements to housing developments unless we were going to do that for everybody.” Board member Kathy Reid also voted against providing financial assistance for Akron, Ohio-based LRC Realty's plan to build two apartment buildings containing what it characterizes as “high-end” residential units, along with retail and office space to complement the transformation underway at The Block Northway along McKnight Road. LRC sought assistance for the project through the state's Local Economic Revitalization Tax Assistance Act, or LERTA, which allows taxing bodies to forgo property taxes for a certain time period to entice developers to take on difficult projects. Obtaining the LERTA requires approval by both the school board and Ross commissioners. The commissioners approved the tax abatement in January to help LRC develop the 6.5-acre vacant parcel along Browns Lane, the site of the former Northway Elementary School. The school district sold the property for $2.5 million in 2013. The 10-year abatement does not affect taxes currently assessed on the property; it forgives only taxes levied on new construction or improvements. The abatements provides for 100-percent forgiveness on property taxes during the first year and 90 percent during the second and third years. The abatement then drops by 10 percent in each of the remaining seven years, according to the proposal. If LRC uses the LERTA to develop the property, it will have to adhere to conditions the township placed in the agreement; specifically, barring construction of “a Wal-Mart or other big box store” exceeding 100,000 square feet on the site. Ross also will get an up-front, one-time payment of $700,000 to pay for police, fire and emergency medical services at the mall. The LERTA also specifies that the project contain elements of a “mixed-use development” — a blend of commercial, residential and cultural uses containing pedestrian connections. Mixed-use has been key to redevelopment in Pittsburgh neighborhoods such as the South Side, Strip District and Lawrenceville and is being implemented at the McCandless Crossing shopping center in McCandless. School Director Annette Giovengo Nolish said the LERTA “may not be the perfect solution” but is a “good example of how the school district, the community and the township is coming together to promote development, which is good for all of us.” Earlier this year, the board and township approved LRC's request for help redeveloping the 470,000-square-foot shopping center — formerly Northway Mall – through tax-increment financing, or TIF — to obtain a $3.6 million loan for infrastructure improvements. LRC is transforming the mall, which had a vacancy rate of nearly 70 percent when the company bought it in 2013, into an upscale retail center featuring national companies such as Nordstrom Rack and Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th. The TIF will allow LRC to borrow money through a municipal bond issue to do work that increases a property's value. A portion of the tax revenue generated from the higher-valued property is then used to repay the bonds. Tony LaRussa is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at 724-772-6368. More North Hills Road salt savings for Pine, Richland during mild winter Highcliff Elementary took Kindness Month to the next level North Allegheny Indoor Rowing Championship had more than 250 participants Pine-Richland elementary schools celebrate Dr. Seuss' birthday Despite objections, McKim reappointed to the McCandless Industrial Development Authority TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Body of missing Duquesne grad student Dakota James found in Ohio River Fort Ligonier Days feels $20K lease squeeze from borough Sullivan leaves options open when it comes to spreading out three offensive stars Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Pirates baseball, high school basketball and Weinermobile (March 6-12) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS World News LATEST NEWS China to develop satellite-delivery rockets from airplanes Indian economy to grow 7.1% in this fiscal; Dec quarter GDP numbers surprising: Fitch Saudi Arabia's Prince Salman needs to do these 6 things to keep his kingdom up and running They hail the PM Modi, but no takers for Namami Gange Microsoft close to signing 9 year lease with Prestige Group for 600,000 square feet office in Bengaluru Congress is a family-owned enterprise, says Karti Chidambaram These Yadavs lost their vote but made their life India launches new plan to phase out ozone killer HCFC Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire AutoBFSIConstructionIndustrial Goods & ServicesMedia/EntertainmentPublic PolicyServicesTechMisc. Defence Communication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsInternal SecurityEquipment & Ordnance International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumET 2Good 4GoodCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›World News 11:36 AM | 07 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,000-48.48 NIFTY 50 8,945-18.55 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,923-22.00 USD/INR 66.63-0.08 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 turn rangebound; Infy, Tata Steel top losers Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW How to use Donald Trump’s travel ban at business school By Bloomberg | Updated: Mar 05, 2017, 12.52 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » H1B | Duke University | Donald Trump | business schools In higher education, a travel ban could discourage the customers themselves—that is, prospective students. Assembly Elections 2017: Is Modi on a road to nowhere in Uttar Pradesh? By Zara Kessler Politics can be a thorn in the side of companies and universities. Bill Boulding, dean of Duke’s Fuqua School of Business, thinks he can use it to build better leaders. President Donald Trump is expected to sign a new executive order on travel to the US soon, after an earlier one, which temporarily banned people from seven Muslim-majority nations, ended up in legal limbo. Boulding, who leads the No. 3 full-time US MBA program on Bloomberg Businessweek’s ranking, thinks such a ban could put American business schools at risk of losing foreign talent. But he also sees the political war raging over immigration as a way to arm students for battle in business and as a test case in responding to controversy. “It’s not our job to take a political position on these decisions as a business school, and I’m not doing that on this particular issue,” said Boulding, 61. “However, the political decisions that get made will affect your ability as a business leader to create great teams, to create a sense of belonging on those teams.” Boulding’s academic interests meet where marketing, management, and strategy converge. Dean since 2011 and at Fuqua for more than 30 years (he taught marketing management to Apple CEO Tim Cook), Boulding is a student of the way managers make choices and customers react to them. “We need to prepare people now, before they move into [leadership] roles, to think about ‘How will I respond?’” he said. “How do I juggle my personal views with the views of my team members and the views of my country and the world?” The executive order signed in late January sparked nationwide protests and drew criticism from company executives and university leaders. College presidents wrote a joint letter asking President Trump to “rectify or rescind” the order, which they said threatened “American higher education and the defining principles of our country.” Duke and 16 other elite US schools filed papers in Brooklyn federal court saying the ban jeopardized their capacity to attract outstanding foreign students and scholars and to educate “tomorrow’s leaders from around the world.” US universities could lose out, in cash as well as human capital, if the nation is seen as unfriendly to foreigners or given to fickle travel policies. Non-citizens made up 56 percent of the applicant pool to US full-time two-year MBA programs for the incoming 2016-2017 class, according to the Graduate Management Admission Council’s 2016 Application Trends Survey. (Boulding sits on GMAC’s board.) At Fuqua, in Durham, North Carolina, about four in 10 daytime MBA students are international. Stemming the flow of foreign students would reduce “the financial viability of our great business schools,” said GMAC Chief Executive Sangeet Chowfla. As European and Asian management institutions compete more credibly for candidates, it’s a bad time to make US business schools less attractive to prospective students, as an extended travel ban could do, Chowfla said. The concerns are exaggerated, White House spokesman Michael Short wrote by email. The letter from college leaders was “premised on a fundamental misreading” of the executive order, which wasn’t aimed at Muslims but at seven “hotbeds of terrorism”—countries cited under President Barack Obama—that “lack the ability to provide adequate information on their citizens so they can be thoroughly screened before entry into the US,” Short said. When the Obama administration targeted groups of travellers on national security grounds, “I don’t recall this level of hyperventilating,” he said. The measure is temporary and doesn’t threaten higher education in the long run, but is “a short term inconvenience with long term security benefits.” There are proponents of the ban at Fuqua, too, Boulding said, and he looked forward to “the engagement that’s going to happen within our own community as people grapple with how they feel about this.” Fuqua pushes students to “go beyond fear and annoyance to a sense of ‘Wow, there’s an upside to the people that I’m surrounded with’” who look and talk differently, he said. International students are important to a business school’s ability to mimic reality. “Companies operate around the world, and even domestic US students are enriched by the fact that their classrooms reflect the diversity of the business environment in which they will have to work,” Chowfla said. “No one is questioning the value of a globally-diverse student body,” Short wrote. “The only concern here is protecting the country and making sure we properly vet people coming here.” He cited a case-by-case waiver system and said that if the new order went into effect immediately, with the same time frame, it would end well before fall classes begin. Like many B-school deans, Boulding likes his case studies. He interviewed National Basketball Association Commissioner Adam Silver on campus after the NBA moved the All-Star Game from Charlotte in response to North Carolina’s “bathroom bill,” and tried “to open up the thought process” behind the decision. Boulding also did a Q&A with Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon, who opposed an Arkansas “religious freedom” bill. Boulding identified a question common to leaders: “Is this political issue staking out a position which is inconsistent with the core values of our organization?” If leaders stay on the sidelines, they might seem inauthentic to employees, and to the outside world. So which is it—welcome all points of view or stand by your values? The two aren’t mutually exclusive but can be fraught. In September, the dean supported a call by the Black and Latino MBA Organization to wear black one day as a display of solidarity following confrontations between African-Americans and police, including a fatal shooting in Charlotte. Boulding saw it as “an expression of support for members of our community who are going through a tough time.” But “some of the reaction” was that “you’ve put us in the middle of a political situation” and “taken sides in terms of black lives versus blue lives.” When President Trump issued his immigration order, the tech sector spoke out. Silicon Valley is worried that such a ban “strikes a blow to the heart of innovation, which is your ability to allow anybody to be in the game, no talent sitting on the sidelines,” Boulding said. In higher education, a travel ban could discourage the customers themselves—that is, prospective students. The fraction of potential students in graduate business education from the seven nations is small, but Boulding sees a possible “spillover effect,” with foreigners wondering whether the US has changed. “Is this just the first step of many that will follow? … Will I be welcome if I come to the US?” Many students want to find jobs in America. “Will that be closed off?” Although the revised order will probably scale back the ban, the alarm and confusion created in the US and around the world aren’t likely to go away overnight. Fuqua and other top schools may still get their pick of students, but it’s impossible to know which future entrepreneurs or business leaders (or philanthropic alums) will never make it past the border. “Full disclosure: I’m first-generation American,” Boulding said. “I have some personal feelings on this issue.” Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Bollywood actresses most Googled in 2016 CRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the World MediaZoma Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation IdeasMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Biz & Entrepreneurship Infrastructure Delhi economy booms, per capita income rises READ MORE ON » H1B | Duke University | Donald Trump | business schools To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Trump's new order bans immigrants from 6 Muslim nations, except Iraq China's economy will open up like never before: President Xi Jinping Chinese media likens PoK with Taiwan; asks India to back CPEC INS Viraat gets decommissioned today; all you need to know about the world's oldest aircraft carrier Six months at home, PM Narendra Modi to visit 5 nations in 2 months now More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Sensex|Elections 2017 Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Tuesday, March 07, 2017, 3:23 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Artist's flashy footwear all the rage By MADISON ISZLER The News & Observer (TNS) This article was published March 5, 2017 at 2:03 a.m. Comments aAFont Size RALEIGH , N.C. -- Shoes -- sneakers, cleats, slip-ons -- serve as a canvas for Raleigh artist Mike Phillips Jr. You name it, and he can probably paint it on a pair of Vans or huaraches: sports teams and symbols, superheroes, insects, cartoon characters and patterns like camouflage or zebra stripes in nearly every shade. On one pair Phillips painted, Venom, a villain from Spider-Man, grins from the side surrounded by wispy white cobwebs. Inspired by Double Bubble bubble gum, one pair pops with bright tones of yellow, blue and pink. Galaxies are a popular design: swaths of purple, blue, red and black speckled with white dots representing stars wrap around the shoes. Angel wings and glitter are optional add-ons. But Phillips' masterpiece is his heat-sensitive design. Indoors, a pair of shoes is one color, but as soon as the wearer walks outdoors, the shoes change colors. Heat is the catalyst causing the change. Douse the shoes in cold water and they return to their original shade. "It's magic," Phillips said, winking. The majority of his customers find Phillips through his company's Instagram account, SirCastleTeees, which has more than 140,000 followers. Customers choose a base shoe and then pick or describe a design for Phillips to replicate. Pairs start at $150 and go up from there, depending on the intricacy and time required for the design. Phillips, who has sold about 600 pairs of shoes this year alone, also buys, trades and restores shoes and paints and sells game controllers and hoverboards. "Having a big social media presence broadens your reach," said Joshua Larrick, one of Phillips' two employees. Fans often tag the Instagram account and post reviews of the shoes online for the sneakerhead community to peruse. "It's global networking." On an average weekday, people begin lining up outside Phillips' store, which also goes by the name Men at Work Kustom Kicks, before it opens. Inside the store, where Phillips designs and paints, the walls are lined with pairs of all sizes, colors and designs. It is part of the Phillips family empire near downtown Raleigh: Mike's father, Mike Phillips Sr., owns Men at Work Car Care Center and Barber Shop. Children and teenagers are some of Phillips' most frequent customers. "Kids get picked on and bullied if they don't have cool kicks," he said. "Shoes are the new trading card." For some families who can't afford expensive shoes for their kids, Phillips donates his designs. Last year, he donated more than 100 pairs to the local Boys and Girls Club. He also rewards good grades. Kids with all A's get a $30 discount, B's get a $20 discount and perfect attendance gets a $10 discount. His interest in shoe design started in high school. Everyone was wearing the same Nikes and Air Jordans, Phillips said, and he wanted something different. He started drawing on his shoes with markers before upgrading to paint from Wal-Mart. Eventually, he started mixing his own paint, which takes several days to make. It took about 100 pairs to perfect the heat-sensitive design, Phillips said. Now, it takes him about an hour to paint a design on one shoe. He can finish up to 10 pairs per day. Phillips' father inspired him to launch his own shoe business in 2013 and gave him the space to open a storefront the following year. "My dad was the first person who believed in me," Phillips said. Phillips has sold customized pairs to celebrities and sports stars, including Montrezl Harrell of the Houston Rockets, Colombian singer J Balvin and hip-hop artist Kodak Black, and ships shoes internationally. Eventually, Phillips hopes to open stores in Los Angeles and Atlanta, but for now he's focusing on local outreach while continuing to dream up more designs. There's a big sneakerhead community in Raleigh, he said. "Shoes are a way of expressing yourself," Phillips said. "I just have a vision for it." High Profile on 03/05/2017 Print Headline: Artist's flashy footwear all the rage Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Runway success Find nice way to tell friend new platinum hai... Record $450K raised for 20th Century Club 30 teenage Angels earn night out at Hope Ball Artist's flashy footwear all the rage Life as a White House floral designer Chelsey Noelle Fisher - Kamis Brian Alley $13,000 rolls in to bank for Boys and Girls C... Mardi Gras theme brings in the green for SoMa... Comments on: Artist's flashy footwear all the rage To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump Tower wiretap claim to get inquiry (52 comments) Congressman apologizes for crude joke about Kellyanne Conway (21 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: Fate of the presidency (32 comments) Proven ain't half of it (11 comments) Pizza restaurant in west Little Rock shopping center robbed by 2 gunmen, police say (11 comments) White House demands investigation into whether Obama abused executive powers (19 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Welcome! Login | Register • Subscribe Now: Free Daily EBlast     Trending RI’s Trial of the Century? Alex and Ani, LA Star Attorney and Allegations of Shareholder Fraud—RI’s Trial of the Century?… LA Lawyer to the Stars to Represent Alex and Ani in Lawsuits with Former Employees—LA Lawyer to the Stars… Bookstore Paper Nautilus Being Forced Out of Providence’s Wayland Square—Bookstore Paper Nautilus Being Forced… LIVE: RI Jewelry Designer Nicole Romano Shows New Handmade Collection—LIVE: RI Jewelry Designer Nicole… Horowitz: Trump Takes Aim at Environmental Protections—Horowitz: Trump Takes Aim at… LIVE: Gary Sase “The Money Man” Talks Trump Budget, Commerce RI, and 195—LIVE: Gary Sase "The Money… Organize + Energize: 4 Areas to Declutter in March—Organize + Energize: 4 Areas… PC’s Cartwright Named Big East Most Improved Player—PC's Cartwright Named Big East… GoLocal LIVE Nutrition: The Skinny on Fats—GoLocal LIVE Nutrition: The Skinny… 10 Great Pets in Need of Loving Homes - March 7, 2017—10 Great Pets in Need… Home News Public Notices Patriarca Papers LIVE Sports Politics Business Real Estate Weather Food Health Lifestyle Beauty & Fashion Events in RI   Robert Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Greedy-Boomer Bathos and Last Chance Superman Email to a friend Permalink Sunday, March 05, 2017 Robert Whitcomb, Columnist   Robert Whitcomb Blue ribbons for Blue States; Norse Code for Green; Greedy-Boomer Bathos; Cooler, Detail-Free Trump; Last Chance for Superman Bldg.?   "To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring."    --  George Santayana   Yet again, after many decades of Sun Belt hype, we have another measure of how the generally northern and mostly Blue States are, by important metrics, the best states to live in. That’s largely because of their tradition of strong education and infrastructure. US News & World Report’s first ranking of the best states list in the top 10: Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Minnesota, Washington State, Iowa, Utah, Maryland, Colorado and Vermont. (Connecticut was 12th, Maine 18th and Rhode Island 21st.)   The publication said: “Some states shine in health care. Some soar in education. Some excel in both – or in much more. The Best States ranking …draws on thousands of data points to measure how well states are performing for their citizens. In addition to health care and education, the metrics take into account a state’s economy, the opportunity it offers people, its roads, bridges, Internet and other infrastructure, its public safety and the integrity and health of state government.   “More weight was accorded to some state measures than others, based on a survey of what matters most to people. Health care and education were weighted most heavily. Then came the opportunity states offer their citizens, their crime & corrections and infrastructure. State economies followed closely in weighting, followed by measures of government administration. This explains why Massachusetts, ranking No. 1 in education and No. 2 in health care, occupies the overall No. 1 spot in the Best States rankings. And it explains why New Hampshire, ranking No. 1 in opportunity for its citizens, ranks No. 2 overall in the Best States rankings.’’   The low-tax (except for their regressive sales taxes) low-public-service Red States in the South generally did very poorly.   Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker, a Republican and a very able executive who’s expected to run for re-election next year, said:            “We have a lot of really smart people, we have a lot of great schools. That has led to a whole series of terrific what I would call ‘ecosystems’ around technology and health care and finance and education. And you put it all together, and in this day and age, in this kind of global economy and global world we live in, it’s a terrific mix.” Of course, Massachusetts has had some great institutions since the 17th Century; it had a running start.   Mr. Baker will probably get some credit for the ranking, but the essentials of the Bay State’s health have been in place for a long time.  Governors and U.S. presidents have remarkably little impact on the economic health of their jurisdictions;  there are far too many variables.   As for New Hampshire, it has the overwash of wealth from the very rich Greater Boston area, the Granite State’s good public education, political integrity, local  and state civic-mindedness, a tradition of  having many well-run small and medium-size companies and industrial craftsmanship. And as  befits a state that is mostly suburban, exurban and rural,  lower taxes than Massachusetts’s.   US News folks did note that Massachusetts, despite of, or because of, its very low unemployment rate, had too little “affordable housing’’ (whatever that means exactly) and very wide income inequality. But the latter is due largely to the vast wealth collected by the senior execs and shareholders of very successful enterprises founded in, based in or with major operations in the Bay State and the large number of well paid  physicians, engineers, financial-services honchos and other very highly skilled professionals.   xxx   Governor Gina Raimondo Kudos to the Raimondo administration  and others involved in bringing Norwegian Airlines to T.F. Green Airport! The Federal Aviation Administration and others have long wanted Green to offer regular international flights, to, among other things, reduce congestion at Boston’s Logan International Airport. Certainly southeastern New England has the population density to support a major international airport.   The extension of the main runway to 8,700 feet due to be completed at year’s end should draw more international airlines since the longer runway means very long-haul airlines can use it.  Rhode Island, Massachusetts and Connecticut business should study how they can best benefit from Green’s expanded role in international travel.   xxx   Generations obviously flow into each other and we must be leery of over-generalizing. But Bruce Cannon Gibney is on to something when indicting the Baby Boom generation (1946-1964) for having all too many selfish, narcissistic, greedy uncivic-minded, myopic and, well, dishonest people. He makes his case in forthcoming book: A Generation of Sociopaths: How the Baby Boomers Betrayed America.   Consider the corruption in varying degrees of leading politicians and business leaders in the past 40 years as the Baby Boomers came to power. Look at their disinclination, compared to their parents, to participate in unpaid if admirable civic projects. You don’t hear very much anymore of “dollar-a-year men’’ who volunteer to take onerous but crucial public-sector jobs to address a crisis. Look at their using public office to line up gargantuan payoffs  later in the private sector.   You see many more rich Boomers plastering their names on buildings, be they at colleges, museums and hospitals, compared to their parents’ generation, for whom anonymous giving was much admired. From the Gospel of Matthew, in the New Testament: "Be careful not to do 'good works' in front of others. Don't do them to be seen by others. If you do, your Father in heaven will not reward you.’’     You see something of the Baby Boomer culture in executive suites, not to mention the Oval Office. As Boomers started to take big jobs in public companies many started to display astonishing greed compared to their parents, and a disinclination to share corporate wealth with their underlings, whose inflation-adjusted wages generally have fallen over the era of Boomer hegemony. At the same time, insider trading and other Wall Street sleaze have flourished.   For whatever combination of reasons – be it that too many Boomers were cosseted as kids or whether the media came to excessively worship wealth and conspicuous consumption –arrogance and extreme greed came to characterize much of American business under the Baby Boomers. You have to go back to the Twenties and the Gilded Age of the late 19th and very early 20th centuries to see its like.   And consider many Boomers’ lack of interest in supporting government programs for the poor and other weak  groups and their generally successful push for lower taxes even as they fight any cuts in programs that benefit, or will soon benefit, them, especially Social Security and Medicare.  And look at the popularity of eliminating the federal estate tax as affluent Boomers’ parents started go to their reward. Or their debonair attitude toward the ever-deepening federal debt that goes with lower taxes and higher spending on programs that disproportionately favor the Boomers.   Glance at America’s crumbling infrastructure -- mostly due to a refusal to pay taxes commensurate with long-term public needs – is another monument of the Boomers, too many of whom are not societal builders but users.   And it’s curious that older Baby Boomers often get credit for promoting civil rights for racial minorities, women’s and gay rights associated with the ‘60s and early ‘70s, when the people who led these movements were from the so-called Greatest Generation and Silent Generation.   And while Steve Jobs and his Silicon Valley contemporaries did come up with some nifty inventions they can’t compare in long-term importance with those  developed by the generation before them – often with the help of federal programs. Semiconductors and Internet are examples.   It is true that many Boomers became avid foes of the Vietnam War – but mostly because they didn’t want to fight in it.   Let us hope that younger folks display more civic-mindedness and generosity than their parents. Or will they just disappear into social media?   xxx   President Donald Trump The uber-Baby Boomer President Trump’s speech Tuesday to Congress was, as showmanship, quite effective – especially of course to his base, many of whose members rarely read but (like the president) get most of their information from TV, and especially from the Republican Party outlet Fox News.  They loved Mr. Trump as a TV performer in the campaign  and on The Apprentice,  and his crazy inaugural address speech for  some of the same reasons. He does have charisma.But many other Americans, even some Democrats, found it unexpectedly soothing.   Mr. Trump was under control and even appeared statesmanlike from time to time Tuesday. South Bend, Ind., Mayor Pete Buttigieg, a Democrat, summed it up: “He gives  an ordinary speech, and by not embarrassing the country over the course of an hour, people are astonished.’’   The major problem was a minor one  to many in today’s post-literate, visuals-and-sound-obsessed world): lack of real content.   And the address was filled with contradictions, magical thinking, outright lies and assertions based on half (or less) truths. In other words, basic Donald Trump, but with a softer tone and calming blue tie.   The best and most plausible programmatic thing in the speech was his push for a big national infrastructure plan, although as with all his promises, he presented no clear way of paying for it other than that it would be a public-private program. (He might look at Pennsylvania’s  highly successful public-private infrastructure-rebuilding programs as a partial model.)   Just a couple of examples of his dishonesty, his “massive middle class tax cut” would actually be a massive tax cut for the rich, not the middle class. And he complained about how overtaxed the U.S. allegedly is but in  fact the Organization for Economic Cooperation puts America near the bottom of the 34 industrialized nations for tax revenue as a percentage of gross domestic product. The OECD ranks the U.S. 31st, well behind the very prosperous nations of Germany, the U.K., and Denmark.  And the global accounting firm KPMG ranks the U.S. as the 6th "tax friendliest" country in the world.   Americans, like most people, don't like to pay taxes; many would rather the country borrow instead; perhaps they’re assuming that they won’t be around to pay the piper. Mr. Trump, of course, is at Olympic levels when it comes to avoiding taxes himself. (By the way, to reduce corruption involving campaign donations and corporate lobbyists,  and to  boost business efficiency, I favor getting rid of the corporate income tax entirely and hiking the personal income tax rate to make up for the lost revenue. In the end, people pay taxes, not inorganic things called ‘’businesses’’.)   The major reason that America’s infrastructure is so crummy is that Americans don’t want to pay for it.  Not that long ago, in the ‘50s and ‘60s, they accepted that they had to pay for it. Anyway, in this era of magical economic thinking, I suppose that we’ll make repairs by borrowing another trillion. Pay as you go is just so retro.   Mr. Trump also complained that “Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force’’ – with the implication, of course, that somehow Barack Obama is to blame. But this huge number includes many millions of elderly retired people, college students and others who don’t want to, and/or can’t, work!   And then there was  the misleading stuff in the phrase: “Since my election, Ford, Fiat Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, SoftBank, Lockheed, Intel, Walmart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.”   These decisions were made before Mr. Trump’s unlikely election.   For many, perhaps most of Donald Trump’s followers, his lies make no difference. So far, he has maintained a very successful cult of personality.  Presumably some sort of crisis – economic, foreign, whatever --  could explode that. But not for a while. And the stock market, as in the summer of 1929, keeps rising….   Speaking of lies: Atty. Gen Jeff Sessions’s now-exposed falsehood, told under oath, that he had no meetings with Russian officials during the campaign means he should resign immediately.  His “recusal’ from the case is not enough. Russian president/dictator/murderer, kleptocrat Vladimir Putin, it is now clear, worked hard  with the help of Trump people to get Donald Trump elected president. But then, as Donald Trump Jr. noted back in 2008:    “Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our (the Trump Organization’s) assets. We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia."   And no to Republicans cynically misquoting Barack Obama as saying that the Russians had no effect on the election. He said that so far we know, the Russians didn’t get into voting machines and other mechanical and administrative aspects of the election. As polls and other evidence show, the Niagara of negative stuff about Hillary Clinton produced by the Russian/Wikileaks/Trump collaborative clearly lost her the election. (I wrote in Jim Webb’s name  on the ballot myself.)   xxx   Gov. Charlie Baker is now looking again at closing the broken, one-mile link in the Northeast rail corridor between South and North stations in  downtown Boston that prevents connectivity between commuter rail systems and interrupts Amtrak service. I hope that he sees this as a priority. Closing the link would ultimately help most New Englanders. This was a dream of former Gov. Michael Dukakis, but fiscal and political pressures blocked the way.   xxx   Superman Building Providence’s Industrial Trust Building (aka the Superman Building) might be best used for design studios for Providence’s big art and design community on the first few floors over the ground floor (which could have restaurants and shops), and then apartments and condos and then a restaurant near the top. If none of these soon become economically plausible, then tear the damn thing down; it’s starting to fall apart. The building is probably too clunky and outdated (with its step-backs) to lure  a big company.   xxx The Newport Open Space Partnership is very close to making public its “Open Space Master Plan,” which the Newport Daily News says is the “first citywide open space planning effort since [legendary landscape architect} Frederick Law Olmsted Jr. published “Proposed Improvements for Newport,’’  in  1913. ‘’ Amazing that with all the changes in the City by the Sea in the past century that it has taken this long!   “It’s a high-quality planning document,” Scott Wheeler, the city’s arborist and supervisor of buildings, ground and parks, told the paper. “It will be invaluable as a helpful guide to much of what we do. It has already helped us.” Good news for one of the most interesting and colorful cities in America.   Related Slideshow: The 50 Greatest Living Rhode Islanders Prev Next #50 Richard Grosvenor  Painter Born in France, educated at Harvard, Grosvenor has been the head of the art department at St. George’s for decades.  A brilliant water colorist, Grosvenor was selected by the White House Historical Society to paint a scene of the White House for their bi-centennial calendar for the year 2000. That same year, the Newport Art Museum honored Grosvenor with a 50-year retrospective of his artwork. Grosvenor was also commissioned by the Tall Ships Committee to create an oil painting commemorating the Tall Ships’ visit to Newport in 2000. Prev Next #49 Vinnie Paz Professional Boxer Paz, formerly Pazienza, fought 60 professional bouts at the Lightweight, Light Middleweight and Super Middleweight weight classes.  He won the IBF World Lightweight Championship. His overall record was 50 and 10, and he fought in one of the golden ages of boxing. He fought Roberto Duran, Roy Jones, Jr., and Joe Frazier, Jr..  Far from perfect, he has been arrested a number of times on a range of charges. His colorful life story is the subject of a feature movie, "Bleed for This," developed by Executive Producer Martin Scorcese. Prev Next #48 Howard Ben Tré Sculptor Ben Tré is a world leader in innovating cast glass as a sculptural medium, and his work has been exhibited at more than 100 museum and public collections worldwide -- and his studio is located in Pawtucket, RI.  His works have been at the Metropolitan Museum of Art; the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston; the Philadelphia Museum of Art; the Albright-Knox Art Gallery, Buffalo, NY; the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden; the Renwick Gallery of the Smithsonian Institution; the Los Angeles County Museum of Art; the Museum of Fine Art, Houston; the National Museum of Modern Art, Kyoto; and the Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art, Nice. Prev Next #47 Bill Reynolds Sportswriter Reynolds' books use sports as the framework, but are deeper examinations of poverty, race, and addiction. His book "Fall River Dreams" defined him a leading American writer who uniquely captures the intersection of sports and culture.  “Bill Reynolds is one of the best writers around, and this book is the Friday Night Lights of high school basketball,” said Dan Shaughnessy of the Boston Globe. "Success is a Choice," which he co-wrote with Rick Pitino, is a business "how to" book that was a New York Times best-seller. Reynolds has written 11 books and is a sports reporter for the Providence Journal.   Prev Next #46 John McCauley (Deer Tick) Singer-Songwriter McCauley has been a leading voice in the alternative, indie rock sphere for more than a decade. His work is a mix of rock with folk, blues, and country influences. Along with his band, McCauley won Rock Artist of the Year at the Boston Music Awards (beating out Aerosmith) in 2013. He is married to fellow musician Vanessa Carlton -- Stevie Nicks officiated their wedding. With Deer Tick he has produced five albums.  Prev Next #45 Ira Magaziner Business Consultant He created one of the most innovative university curriculums in America while he was an undergraduate at Brown, and went on to a Rhodes Scholarship at Oxford. Magaziner founded a leading business consulting firm - Telesis -- and then sold it to Towers Perrin. He served as the policy point person in President Bill Clinton’s Health Reform initiative that was led by Hillary Clinton. The effort failed and Magaziner was sued and fined — it ultimately was overturned Today, he serves as the vice chairman and chief executive officer of the Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI). His son Seth is RI’s General Treasurer. Prev Next #44 Angus Davis Entrepreneur Few business innovators in America have had the success of native Rhode Islander Davis.  He co-founded Tellme, raised raised more than $200M in capital, and helped to lead the company to more than $100 million in sales and 300 employees. Tellme was acquired by Microsoft for nearly $1 billion. Now, he is trying to do it again with Upserve, formerly Swipely. The company is "the smart management assistant serving up clear guidance that makes your restaurant thrive" - a tech firm that creates an information infrastructure for restaurants. He has raised upwards of $50 million for Upserve. Davis is a leading American business thinker -- all before the age of 40. Prev Next #43 Terry "Mother" Moy Navy SEAL If the Navy SEALs are the best trained and most respected in the United State Armed Forces, Moy is the "Mother" of the SEALs. The Newport native is the embodiment of military lore. He was a famous SEAL instructor and one of his most infamous trainees was Jesse "The Body" Venture - Seal, professional Wrestler and Governor of Minnesota.  While most SEAL activity is undisclosed, his effort to recover Apollo 17 was globally broadcast. Prev Next #42 Phil West Government Reformer Once dubbed the Godfather of Ethics Reform, West has been the driving force in reforming governmental ethics for three decades in Rhode Island.  His successes include a then-record fine against Governor Ed DiPrete, Separation of Powers, downsizing and modernizing the legislature, and the requirement of electronic filing of bills and making hearings accessible to the public. He was the head of Common Cause RI for eighteen years and retired in 2006, but still remains a guiding force in reform. Two years ago, the master lever was eliminated and this year major ethics reform is moving through the General Assembly — all under the watchful eye of West. West has taken on the most powerful forces — sometimes alone — and made Rhode Island a better place as a result. Prev Next #41 Richard Jenkins Actor Jenkins is the consummate American actor. His work ranges from everything from “The Witches of Eastwick” to “Hannah and Her Sisters” to HBO's "Six Feet Under" to his award winning role in “Olive Kitteridge” His formative acting years took place at Trinity Repertory Company (now Trinity Rep). Jenkins then returned later in his career to help save the financially struggling theater. He has starred and appeared in more than 80 movies and television series or movies. In 2014, Jenkins and his wife Sharon received the Pell Award for Lifetime Achievement from Trinity Repertory Company in Providence. Prev Next #40 Alan Hassenfeld Business  The former CEO and Chairman of Hasbro was a driving force in transforming the company from a toy manufacturer to an entertainment company. Michael Jackson and slews of others came to Rhode Island to tour the company and negotiate licensing deals. In the early 1990's he became a force in initiating ethics reform in Rhode Island. More recently, he endowed the creation of the Hassenfeld Institute for Public Leadership at Bryant University. The Rhode Island-based Hassenfeld Foundation gave out roughly $4.7 million in donations in the most recently reported year.  Prev Next #39 M. Therese Antone, RSM, Ed.D Educator Sister Antone was born in Central Falls, and educated at Salve Regina University, Villanova University, Harvard University and MIT Sloan School of Management. Correspondingly, she has taught almost every level of education, rising to President of Salve Regina. There, she transformed the school, and Salve Regina’s national rankings and student profile vastly improved under her leadership. During her tenure, the University's endowment grew from $1 million to more than $50 million and the University invested $76 million on renovations and expansions and has received numerous awards for restoring the historic mansions, cottages, and gatehouses on its campus. She transformed the University and correspondingly has won countless awards for her service. Prev Next #38 Umberto Crenca Artist and Entrepreneur Artist, visionary and business leader, Crenca took a crazy idea of developing a sustainable art cluster in Downtown Providence and made it the most unimaginable success, and has become a national model.  AS220 was founded in 1985 to "provide a local, unjuried, and uncensored home for the arts," and has grown to own and operate multiple facilities, currently providing fifty eight artist live and/or work spaces, four exhibition spaces, a print shop, a media lab including a black and white darkroom, a fabrication lab, a stage, a recording studio, a black box theater, a dance studio, and a bar and restaurant. In 2016, Crenca was awarded Honorary Degrees from two different Rhode Island Universities. Prev Next #37 Flynn Brothers U.S. Army In the history of the modern U.S. Military, there are only a handful of brothers that served as Generals simultaneously — Charlie and Michael Flynn of Middletown were one such case. Michael Flynn recently retired from service, and has been seen on “Morning Joe" on MSNBC -- not surprising, given the latest news.  On Tuesday, GoLocal cited a story in the The New York Post that Michael is on the short list of Vice Presidential candidates for Donald Trump The Post wrote: "A surprise name on the list is retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, a national security adviser to Trump who has emerged as one of the most buzzed-about veep contenders, sources familiar with the deliberations said. Regardless of his national political future, these two brothers are two of America’s most accomplished military leaders in the past half century. Prev Next #36 Louise Durfee Environmentalist and Attorney When one talks about trail blazers in Rhode Island, Louise Durfee’s image should be the first thing that comes to mind. She was the first female partner at a major Providence law firm at a time when most law firms did not employ women attorneys. She was one of a small group of Tiverton residents who joined together in the early 1970's to oppose a proposal to build a major oil refinery.  The fight was so profound that it was featured in 1971 in Life Magazine and resulted in the founding of an organization that ultimately became Save the Bay. Again, Durfee the trail blazer. In the 1980’s she helped to clean up the aftermath at Rhode Housing after widespread corruption was found. In 1991, Governor Bruce Sundlun named her Director of the Department of Environmental Management and just three years later, he fired her. So she ran against him in the Democratic primary for Governor.  Prev Next #35 Ron Machtley  Politician and University President Rhode Islanders were first introduced to Ron Machtley in 1988 when he traveled around Rhode Island with a pig named Lester “Less" Pork to point out the wasteful spending of then-Congressman Fred St. Germain. Machtley upset the 28-year veteran and Chairman of the House Banking Committee to take the Congressional seat. In 1994, he was the odds-on-favorite to win the Governorship, but was upset in the GOP primary by Lincoln Almond, who went on to serve eight years as Governor. After his defeat, he was the surprise choice to serve as President of then-Bryant College. At first appearances it was a strange choice, but Machtley could not have turned out to be a better selection. Under his leadership, the college transformed to a University, with massive improvements in the University’s campus, an elevation to Division I Sports, and an overall improvement in Bryant’s academic position.  When he assumed office Bryant had a $1.7 million operating deficit and a tiny endowment. Today, the University’s endowment is nearing $200 million. Over the past 20 years, Bryant has become one of the most improved higher education institutions in America. Prev Next #34 U.S. Senator Jack Reed Politician If this list of greatest living Rhode Islanders had been developed twenty years ago, it might have been rich with elected officials - the likes of Senators Claiborne Pell and John Chafee, the retired John O. Pastore and Bruce Sundlun, but today there are few with the gravitas of achievement of those politicians.  However, there is the now-senior Senator from Rhode Island, who has a national reputation as an expert on issues of national defense and is a constantly rumored to serve as the Secretary of Defense. The former Army ranger worked his way up the political ladder as a State legislator and Congressman before winning the Senate seat of the retiring Pell. In a time of great diverseness, he is a rare member that has conversations across the aisle. Prev Next #33 Trudy Coxe Environmentalist and Historic Preservationist Coxe has now headed three of the most most important preservation organizations in New England. As the long-time Executive Director of Save the Bay in the 1980's and 1990's, she was a powerful force in driving the preservation of Rhode Island's open space and improvements to Narragansett Bay. Coxe lost a close race for Congress against Jack Reed, but was later appointed head of the largest Environmental Agency in New England when then-Governor Bill Weld named her head of the Massachusetts environmental agency - the Department of Environmental Protection. After a multi-year stint in the Commonwealth, she came back to Rhode Island to lead and transform the Preservation Society of Newport.  In that role she has helped to recpaitalize and modernize the non-profit that stewards the mansions and other assets in Newport and across Aquidneck Island. Prev Next #32 Ken Read Sailor No one on this list may be more accomplished in their individual field than Ken Read is to sailing. Twice the Rolex United States Yachtsman of the Year, three times leading America’s Cup yachts, and dominant in the Volvo Ocean Races for decades. One could argue Read may be the most accomplished sailor in the world. He was a three-time college All-American at Boston University. Today, he sails leading privately owned yachts and has been involved with the North Sail company.  Prev Next #31 Michael Littman Academic There are few computer science professors that get tapped for their celebrity for a national television commercial (see below), but Brown University’s Littman is an academic rock star.  After ten years at Rutgers he left to join the faculty at Brown  He leads an effort called Humanity-Centered Robotics Initiative (HCRI) in which Brown University aims to become a global leader in the field of creating robots that benefit, learn from, teach, support, and collaborate with people. One of his recent journal articles he co-wrote was titled, “Learning behaviors via human-delivered discrete feedback: modeling implicit feedback strategies to speed up learning.” His commercial was easier to understand -- it has been viewed 550,000 times.  Prev Next #30 Johanne Killeen  Restaurateur For decades the nicest restaurant in Providence might have been the old Rusty Scupper, but in the 1980's, Johanne Killeen and George Germon not only transformed the restaurant scene in Providence, but also proved that small cities with brilliant chefs could compete. Food & Wine honored Al Forno for launching 'a new era of ambitious cooking in Providence [in 1980] with their thin-crusted grilled pizzas topped with superfresh ingredients.' The editors singled out Al Forno's Margarita Pizza (with house-made pomodoro, fresh herbs, two cheeses and extra virgin olive oil) as the signature item. John Mariani, the food writer for Esquire put the new restaurant, Al Forno, on the national map by naming it the best new restaurant in America. Other food and travel magazines followed and the recognition transformed Providence, and as a result other mid-sized cities. Al Forno put Providence on the food map and sparked many other creative and smart chefs. George Germon passed away in October of 2015.  Prev Next #29 Terry Murray  Business It has been a number of years since Terry Murray ran one of the biggest banks in America. In 2004, Fleet Bank was acquired by Bank of America. Even today, Bank of America is headed up by a former Fleet executive -- Brian Moynihan. In the 1990’s, Fleet was a superstar financial service firm — it gobbled up bank after bank in the U.S. and in 1999 Murray and Fleet made the biggest buy - acquiring BankBoston. The new FleetBoston was a megabank.  FleetBoston was the seventh-largest bank in the United States, as measured by assets (US$197 billion in 2003). It employed over 50,000, served more than 20 million customers globally, and revenues of $12 billion per year. Murray grew Fleet from a small RI community bank to a global player. Prev Next #28 Farrelly Brothers Movie Producers The Cumberland brothers - Peter and Bobby - are two of the most prolific comedic movie makers in Hollywood. They created a genre of politically incorrect, slapstick humor that has generated billions in box office sales. Their movies include Kingpin, There's Something About Mary and Dumb and Dumber --  to name a few of their 15 movies. The Farrelly Brothers also co-wrote one of the all-time great Seinfeld episodes -- titled "The Virgin." Prev Next #27 Ojetta Rogeriee Thompson Judge In 1965 Thompson came to Providence from South Carolina to attend Brown University and never went home. Today, she serves on the 1st Circuit Court of Appeals - one of the highest federal courts in America. She was elevated to the seat previously held by Judge Bruce Selya.  Before serving on the court she served on the District and Superior Courts in the Rhode Island Courts. Today, she serves on the Brown Corporation, the Board for College Unbound and Save the Bay. Prev Next #26 Sid Abruzzi (Johnny Morocco) Surfer/Skater Abruzzi is known as the "godfather of the New England surf/skate mafia." "With a face that launched a thousand spliffs, ‘The Package’ has skated, surfed, and partied over the last 50 years with no end in sight. After reaching rockstar status with Big World in the mid ’80s, Sid’s infamous Water Bros. Surf shop brought vert skating to the beaches of Newport, RI," wrote Jim Murphy in Juice Magazine. Before ESPN's X Games (Extreme Games) or the Gravity Games were envisioned, Abruzzi was an innovator helping to create a movement and industry that was primarily a West Coast phenomenon.   Prev Next #25 Duke Robillard Musician The blues guitarist and Woonsocket native is well-known locally for co-founding Roomful of Blues, but his presence on the national stage, performing with The Fabulous Thunderbirds and recording with the likes of Bob Dylan and Tom Waits has helped make Robillard a bona fide star in American music.  He is a two-time Grammy nominee, won the W.C. Handy Award in 2000 and 2001 for Best Blues Guitarist, and in 2007 received a Rhode Island Pell Award for Excellence in the Arts.   But don’t take our word for it — Tom Clarke with Elmore Magazine extolled Robillard’s virtues when he reviewed “The Acoustic Blues & Roots of Duke Robillard” in 2015." “A jazz man, a front porch pickin’ blues man and one-time guitarist for Dylan. A string band, jug band, ragtime, delta, Louisiana, Appalachian folk and Jimmie Rodgers-country aficionado. A backwards traveler, but forward thinker. A writer and singer with distinct style, and a studio owner and in-demand producer. Did I miss anything? Duke Robillard may wear a handsome, if nondescript, lid lounging on the cover of The Acoustic Blues,but he almost literally wears a hundred hats—all of them damn well. It’s hard to believe any one man can be as prolific as this Rhode Island Duke of the blues,” wrote Clarke.    Prev Next #24 John Ghiorse Meteorologist Ghiorse may be Rhode Island’s most trusted and beloved television and digital news personality of all time. The Air Force Veteran and Harvard educated weatherman studied Meteorology at Penn State. He transformed weather reporting in Rhode Island and created his own branded measure — the Ghiorse Factor. He first joined WJAR-10 in 1968, then moved to Channel 6 for nearly a decade and then back to WJAR. He retired from Channel 10 in 2009 and joined GoLocal and helped the digital media company launch its first site in 2010. He has delivered the daily Ghiorse Factor to GoLocal for the past five plus years.  Ghiorse continues to be one of Southeastern New England’s most beloved news personalities.   Prev Next #23 Eugene Lee Set Designer If you have watched Saturday Night Live, the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon or many a production of A Christmas Carol at Trinity Rep, you have seen the work of Eugene Lee. He is one of America’s most creative and accomplished set designers. The Providence resident has won three Tonys for Wicked, Sweeney Todd, and Candide. He has won multiple Drama Desk Awards for Outstanding Set Design and has won an Emmy for the design of the set for Saturday Night Live. He is a member of the American Theater Hall of Fame.   Prev Next #22 Claire Andrade Watkins Scholar Rhode Island has always been one of the top destinations for Cape Verde emigres — and next month, Emerson College Professor and Brown University Fellow Andrade-Watkins, who grew up in Fox Point, will have a thirty year retrospective of her work at the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston.  The subject? “Our Rhode: 30 Years of Cinema by and About Cape Verdian Rhode Islanders.” Andrade-Watkins, a PhD, is Professor of Africana and Postcolonial Media Studies at Emerson, and is a Fellow at the Swearer Center for Public Service at Brown (as well as a visiting scholar). She is the Director of the Fox Point Cape Verdean Project, President, SPIA Media Productions, Inc., and a pioneer of global, intercultural media, marketing and distribution.  Her CV of work and accomplishments is 17 pages long.  In 2006 Dr. Andrade-Watkins released "Some Kind of Funny Porto Rican?" A Cape Verdean American Story" (SKFPR), the “popular and critically acclaimed feature documentary about the Cape Verdean community in the Fox Point section of Providence, RI, and the first in a trilogy of documentaries about this unique and important community of the Africana Diaspora,” states her Emerson bio.  She’s won numerous awards including the 2008 Community Service Award from Fox Point Boys & Girls Club Alumni Association.   Prev Next #21 Freidrich St. Florian Architect St. Florian is one of the most accomplished and varied architects in America. At one extreme he was the architect of the critically acclaimed World War II memorial in Washington, DC and on the other he designed the Providence Place Mall.   St.Florian has won numerous awards for his architectural achievements. He is a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects and a Fellow of the American Academy in Rome. His drawings are in the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art in New York and the Georges Pompidou Centre in Paris. In 2006 he was an awarded an honorary degree from Brown University.     Prev Next #20 Brad Read Sailor/Educator  Over the past few decades, Brad Read has built Sail Newport into a leading world class sailing education organization. Their programs vary from a partnership with the MET school  that introduces urban children to sailing to running world class sailing events.  In 2015, Read was the driving force to bringing the Volvo Ocean Race to Rhode Island and then followed it up by leading the state’s effort to successfully bring the Volvo race back in 2017. Read is a leading sailor, educator, facilitator, organizer and leader. His impact on Newport — and Rhode Island — has been remarkable.    Prev Next #19 Gordon Wood Historian In a scene in the movie Good Will Hunting, Matt Damon humiliates a Harvard grad student by picking apart the student’s thesis regarding Wood’s “pre-revolutionary utopia.” (see scene below) Matt Damon aside, Wood is one of America’s most accomplished scholars on the American Revolution — he won the 1993 Pulitzer Prize for History for his work The Radicalism of the American Revolution. In 2010 he was awarded the National Humanities Medal. He is the Alva O. Way University Professor and Professor of History Emeritus at Brown University. His list of academic awards over the past 50 years is unmatched - he is the leading Revolutionary era historian.   Prev Next #18 Barrett Hazeltine Business Mentor For the past 60 years Hazeltine has been one of the most important educators at Brown University. While Brown does not have a traditional B-School like Penn’s Wharton, it does have one of the top American business mentors. According to many of the top business leaders in America, Hazeltine was a guiding influence on their careers. A 2000 article in Brown Alumni Monthly unveiled in 2000 that 10% of the freshman class at Brown University took his “Engin. 9” class — short for Engineering 9. Entrepreneurs as diverse as “Tom and Tom” (First and Scott, who met at Brown), Founders of Nantucket Nectars to John Koudounis, the CEO of Calamos Investment to Marques Coleman at Carlyle Group all identify Hazeltine as being a driving force in their business careers.   Prev Next #17 John Donoghue Brain Scientist Donoghue is one of the leading brain science researchers and entrepreneurs in the world. At Brown, he led the enhancement and growth of the Brain Science Center and his work to develop BrainGate, a mind-to-movement system developed in Donoghue’s lab. Donoghue has published over 80 scientific articles in leading journals including Nature and Science. His work was featured on 60 Minutes and he has served on advisory panels for the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation and NASA. Presently, he is on sabbatical in Europe.   Prev Next #16 James Woods Actor The Warwick native is a two-time Academy award nominee and winner of a Golden Globe, and three time Emmy Award winner. His acting career ranges from The Onion Field to Casino and Nixon.  More recently his voice work has been featured on The Simpsons, Family Guy, and Stuart Little 2. Between TV, voiceover work and movies he has played roles in more than 100 productions. Once dubbed as a genius by Business Insider for his attendance at MIT and his reported near perfect SAT score and IQ of 184. Today he is a Republican activist and supported Ted Cruz for President.   Prev Next #15 Arlene Violet Politician Violet was one of a group of pioneering women who changed the face of politics in Rhode Island. Claudine Schneider had been elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1980 in the 2nd Congressional District.  Susan Farmer won the Secretary of State post two years later in 1982. Violet was the first female Attorney General in the United States when she was elected by Rhode Island voters in 1984. The new decade had ushered in a new era in Rhode Island politics. All three were Republicans. It was her work and the work of other women that set the stage for Governor Gina Raimondo to be elected Rhode Island's first woman Governor in 2014. Violet was beat in her re-election bid in 1986, but her political presence continued in the state. She was a talk radio host. She penned two books, Convictions: My Journey from the Convent to the Courtroom and Me and the Mob, a book about the witness protection program. Violet was inducted into the Rhode Island Heritage Hall of Fame in 1996.   Prev Next #14 Meredith Viera Journalist/Entertainer A native Rhode Islander, TV-journalist Vieira is one of the leading Portuguese Americans in the United States. She attended Lincoln School and Tufts before landing her first job in Worcester in radio and on television as a reporter at WJAR-TV in Providence. Her hard news journalism bona fides were earned while working on the CBS news magazine West 57th, then as an investigative report for 60 Minutes. Then in the late 1990s she shifted to more entertainment focused broadcast as a co-host to The View, hosting the game show “Who Wants To Be A Millionaire,” co-hosting the Today Show and Dateline NBC. She hosted her own show, The Meredith Viera Show for two years. More recently she has been involved with a range of event and initiatives in Rhode Island including speaking at RIC regarding her heritage — all four of her grandparents were born in the Azores. Last year, URI’s Harrington School of Communication traveled down to Viera’s show at NBC Universal.      Prev Next #13 Leon Cooper Physicist Leon Cooper is Brown University and Rhode Island’s only Nobel Prize winner.  Cooper won the Nobel Prize in 1972 for Physics (along with J. Bardeen and J.R. Schrieffer) for his studies on the theory of superconductivity. The winning work was completed while still in his 20s. He has received seven honorary degrees from leading academic institutions from across the globe. In the past few years, his work at Brown has focused on neural and cognitive sciences and has been “working towards an understanding of memory and other brain functions, and thus formulating a scientific model of how the human mind works.”   Prev Next #12 Ernie DiGregorio Athlete There are certain athletes who transcend the game and elevate it from sports to a higher level of entertainment.  Ernie D. was one of those rare athletes. He was am epic story, the 6 foot guard from North Providence who helped to take the beloved Providence College Friars to the final four. His skills and showmanship helped to transform the game from fundamentals to entertainment along with players like Connie Hawkins, Pistol Pete Maravich, Dr. J, and then Larry Bird, Magic Johnson and Michael Jordan. They all may have had better and longer careers, but none of them put on any better a show. His NBA career was cut short due to injury but in his first year in the league he dazzled and won the NBA Rookie of the year. He was the third pick in the NBA draft. For Rhode Islanders at the time his achievements were mythical. He teamed with fellow local boy Marvin Barnes and put little Providence College in the same sentence with powerhouse programs like UCLA.   Prev Next #11 Elizabeth Beisel Athlete Arguably the best swimmer to come out of Rhode Island, the Saunderstown native and North Kingstown high school grad first competed in the 2007 World Championships at the tender age of 14, placing 12th in the world in the 200 meter backstroke after advancing to the semi-finals.  Beisel was the youngest member of the U.S. swim team at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, finishing just out of medal contention with a fourth place in the 400-meter individual medley and fifth in the 200 meter backstroke.  Four years later in London, Beisel made it to the Olympic podium with a silver in the 400 meter individual relay and a bronze in the 200 meter backstroke.  The SEC Female Swimmer of the Year in 2012, Beisel won two individual national titles and was an eighteen-time All-American at the University of Florida, and a first-team Academic All-American.  According to her USA Swimming bio, the college communications major had dreams as a child of being an actress, but now has professional aspirations of being a news anchor.  As someone accustomed to being in the headlines, it’s not hard to imagine we’ll be seeing more from Beisel in the future.    Prev Next #10 George Wein Promoter The Newport Jazz and Folk Festivals would not be among the top American music festivals were it not for Wein, who celebrated his 90th birthday last year.  Trained as a jazz pianist, Wein might be Boston-born and educated, but it was the Newport Lorillards who invited Wein down in 1954 to the City by the Sea to establish the first outdoor jazz festival in the country.  Wein went on to form Festival Productions to promote large-scale jazz events, and has been well-lauded for his efforts — both nationally, and internationally. In 1995, Wein received the Patron of the Arts Award from the Studio Museum of Harlem, and in 2004 given an Impact Award from the AARP. He was decorated with France's Légion d'honneur and appointed a Commandeur de L'Ordre des Arts et Lettres (Commander of the Order of Arts and Literature) by the French government, and has been honored at the White House twice, by Jimmy Carter in 1978 and Bill Clinton in 1993. In 2005 he was named a "Jazz Master" by the National Endowment for the Arts. He has received honorary degrees from the Berklee College of Music and Rhode Island College of Music. GoLocal’s Ken Abrams sat down with Wein for a one-on-one last summer — read more here.   Prev Next #9 Jeffrey Osborne Musician Grammy Award-winning Osborne, born and raised in Providence, came from musical lineage. His father, Clarence “Legs” Osborne was a trumpeter who played with the likes of Duke Ellington and Count Basie.  And the Osborne roots are firmly planted here — in 2012, the city named a portion of Olney Street “Jeffrey Osborne Way,” to honor him.  Osborne’s biggest hits include “On the Wings of Love” and a duet with Dionne Warwick, “Love Power.” He wrote the lyrics for Whitney Houston’s “All at Once,”  appeared in the fundraising “We Are the World” video in 1985, and has sung the national anthem at multiple World Series and NBA finals games. While Osborne is an international legend in his own right, his star status continues to grow and impact the community here through his charity work.  He’s done golf and softball classics, comedy nights, celebrity basketball games. And he brings in the big names, from Magic Johnson to Smokey Robinson to Kareem Abdul Jabbar — the list is extensive.  Osborne is the epitome of a “greatest Rhode Islander” — one who’s gone on to make the state proud, and keeps coming back to help use his celebrity to benefit the community.    Prev Next #8 Tom Ryan Pharmacist/Business Ryan helped to build one of America’s Fortune 500 top 10 companies, as CVS is a leading retail and healthcare force in America.  More recently, the URI pharmacy grad has been involved with two of the biggest initiatives in Rhode Island in the past few years. He and his wife Anne donated $15 million to fund the George and Anne Ryan Center on Neuroscience at URI. The effort is one of the key elements in bringing together major educational and health organizations in a broad-based neuroscience initiative in Rhode Island. Ryan’s neuroscience gift coupled with his fundraising leadership and donations to build the Ryan Center have made him the single biggest individual donor to URI.    Prev Next #7 Ann Hood Writer  Born in West Warwick and a URI grad, Hood is a best-selling novelist and short story writer; and the author of fifteen books, with her latest, The Book That Matters the Most, due out this August. Hood has won two Pushcart Prizes, two Best American Food Writing Awards, Best American Spiritual Writing and Travel Writing Awards, and a Boston Public Library Literary Light Award. Her essays and short stories have appeared in The Paris Review, Ploughshares, and Tin House. Hood is a regular contributor to The New York Times' Op-Ed page, and is a faculty member in the MFA in Creative Writing program at The New School in New York City.  Hood’s “An Italian Wife” was recently featured as a play at the Contemporary Theater Company in South Kingstown.  Of Hood's The Knitting Circle, The Washington Post wrote, “A wondrously simple book about something complicated: the nearly unendurable process of enduring a great loss."  Fellow best-selling writer Jodi Picoult even asked if anyone could top Hood. “Is there anyone who can write about the connections of ordinary people better than Ann Hood?" posed Picoult.  While her reach is worldwide, Hood, who is married to businessman Lorne Adrain, lives in Providence and is a fixture in the Rhode Island community.   Prev Next #6 Bob Ballard Oceanographer Ballard found the Titanic.  And yes, he was a URI undergrad and now serves multiple leading roles at URI as a Professor of Oceanography; Director, Center for Ocean Exploration; and head of the Institute for Archaeological Oceanography. Today, the Archeological Oceanography, which he started in 2003 is a unique institute “combines the disciplines of oceanography, ocean engineering, maritime history, anthropology and archeology into one academic program.” The institute involves a broad cross section of URI faculty and includes faculty from Harvard University, the University of Pennsylvania, Florida State University, MIT and Woods Hole. He is the rockstar face of oceanography in the world.   Prev Next #5 Jonathan Nelson Investor Nelson is one of America’s leading investors. In an era of Wall Street mega firms, Rhode Islander Nelson has built in Downtown Providence a $40 billion private equity fund  Providence Equity Group.  Once the golden boys of private equity and lauded for putting together “the biggest deal in the world,” he and the firm have had a series of set backs. The highest profile bump was the firm’s loss of nearly $800 million in the firm, Altegrity, that was contracted to review federal contractors like Edward Snowden. As GoLocal previously reported, the domino effect of Snowden’s absconding with federal data bases exposed the deficiencies of Altegrity’s vetting process. He has become more active as a philanthropist and is listed by Forbes richest in Rhode Island.   Prev Next #4 Dennis Littky Educator Littky is a rebel, a disruptor, an innovator, a trouble maker, and an educator.  They made a movie about him, Newsweek has featured his schools, President Obama talks about his schools and Bill and Melinda Gates gave him millions to grow, refine and scale is model of disruption. In 2009, Littky defied all and created an alternative college and by 2015 the Rhode Island Council on Postsecondary Education approved College Unbound as a degree-granting postsecondary option in the state. In Rhode Island, The Met School celebrated its 20th Anniversary this past week. Thousands of students who would not have finished high school have graduated and moved on to college, business and beyond. There may be no more accomplished innovator than Littky.   Prev Next #3 Bill and David Belisle Coaches Bill and David Belisle may be the best high school and youth coaches in history. Going by the statistics, the record of twenty-six consecutive state hockey championship (1978 to 2003) and a total of 32 may be a record never to be matched. Bill Belisle (the father) has coached at Mount for 42 years and his son David has been his assistant for years. The younger Belisle made national headlines with his post game speech to the Little League team he was coaching was defeated in the Little League World Series. Twice their players have been selected #1 in the NHL Draft, countless others played in the NHL, and dozens played college hockey. There are movies and books on the exploits of Mount Hockey under the Belisles.  Photo courtesy of Dave Belisle Prev Next #2 Nick Benson Artist  There are few people in the world that are recognized as the very best in their craft, but Nick Benson of the John Stevens Shop in Newport is globally recognized as the best stone cutter in the world.  Founded in 1705, The John Stevens Shop specializes in the design and execution of one-of-a-kind inscriptions in stone — the MLK Memorial, FDR’s Four Freedoms Park, and the inscription for the John F. Kennedy Memorial in Arlington National Cemetery, to name a few.  Benson won a Genius Fellowship from the MacArthur Foundation, and was recently featured on CBS news. The John Stevens Shop is one of America’s longest continuously running businesses.   Prev Next #1 Viola Davis Actor Davis is one of the most accomplished actors in the United States. She is the winner of two Tony awards, an Emmy and a SAG award as well as being nominated for an Oscar.  With regards to her Emmy, she became the first African-American to win the Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series in 2015. Amazingly, she did not earn her SAG card until she was 30 years old. Davis self-describes that she grew up in abject poverty in Central Falls and worked her way to Rhode Island College and now beyond but has been a constant force in helping Central Falls to recover from its bankruptcy and rebuilding its spirit. She is a leading fundraiser for a range of Rhode Island causes.  Davis is the embodiment of the Rhode Island spirit and a model of how to overcome the greatest challenges to reach greatness.   Prev #50 #49 #48 #47 #46 #45 #44 #43 #42 #41 #40 #39 #38 #37 #36 #35 #34 #33 #32 #31 #30 #29 #28 #27 #26 #25 #24 #23 #22 #21 #20 #19 #18 #17 #16 #15 #14 #13 #12 #11 #10 #9 #8 #7 #6 #5 #4 #3 #2 #1 Next       Related Articles Bob Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Donald Trump’s Emails and Pearl Harbor Bob Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Making Voting Dangerously Easy; RI Corruption; & Con-Men Clerics Bob Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: RR, PC’s Diversity Issues, New 6-10 Connector Bob Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Animal Rights, Electoral College, and RI’s Jobless Rate Bob Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: “Maybe Beggars, Such as Providence, Can’t be Choosers” Bob Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Bikes, Bush, and Merger Mega-Healthcare Collapse Bob Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Trump and Clinton, Raimondo’s CA Developer, and Warren’s Greatness Bob Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: 6-10 Corridor, Trump and Clinton and Fall Bob Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Legalizing Marijuana, Green Power, and Howard Johnson Bob Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Catholic Church, Wells Fargo, and Rabbi Gutterman Bob Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Raimondo Re-Election, Elorza and Panhandling, and Assage Robert Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Clinton, Russian Hackers, and CVS Pressure Robert Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Innovation Campuses; Pushing Against Panhandling Robert Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: RI Jobs, Breitbart News and the Supreme Court Robert Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Amtrak’s Blockage, Fall River’s Amazon, & Clintons in Watch Hill Thursday - GoLocal LIVE Features Interviews with Feroce, Chafee, Read and Whitcomb Robert Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Time for a Bipartisan Carbon Tax & Boston Hate Robert Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Crazy Consultants and Immigrants Pull Down Wages Robert Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Unwed Mothers Crisis; Go Vocational; and Privatize Union Station Robert Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Hyberbolic Job Claims and Traffic Tribunal Traumas Robert Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Providence Bankruptcy and Worcester’s Resurgence Robert Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Raimondo Luring Jobs at a Price Robert Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Shrinking New England, TF Green Spark & Banking with Trump Robert Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Worcester Growth and Mafia Boredom Robert Whitcomb’s Digital Diary: Deal Delirium, Garden City Going Condo? and Trump Organization   Enjoy this post? Share it with others. Email to a friend Permalink             Sign Up for the Daily Eblast I want to follow on Twitter I want to Like on Facebook Delivered Free Every Day to Your Inbox Sign Up for the Daily Eblast I want to follow on Twitter I want to Like on Facebook X   Home News Politics Sports Business Real Estate Weather Health Lifestyle About Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertise With Us Contact Us Copyright 2017 - GoLocalProv :!
× Thank you for reading! Please log in, sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Thank you for reading 12 free articles on our site. You can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 12 free articles, or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information. If you need help, please contact our office at 334-792-3141. Sign Up Log In Current 7 Day Print Subscriber   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Monday - Sunday Print + All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the print edition 7 days a week, including Sunday coupons. Plus digital access which includes unlimited web and mobile web access to www.dothaneagle.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. BONUS: All Access subscriptions to the Dothan Eagle include access to The Enterprise Ledger website and e-Edition. New Subscribers $15.45 $15.45 Friday – Sunday Print + All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday - Sunday. Plus digital access which includes unlimited web and mobile web access to www.dothaneagle.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. New Subscribers $15.45 $15.45 Existing Subscribers $15.45 Digital Only All Access Get digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to www.dothaneagle.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. New Subscribers $17.99 $17.99 Existing Subscribers $17.99 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm The following services are print only and offer no digital access Monday - Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Sunday for one low monthly fee Print Only $15.45 $15.45 Friday - Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday - Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $10.05 $10.05 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm All print subscriptions include delivery on Thanksgiving Day for which there is a premium charge. All print subscriptions include delivery on Thanksgiving Day for which there is a premium charge. × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions March 6, 2017 58° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low near 55F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 6, 2017 @ 9:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local A selfless birthday wish Mar 5, 2017 (…) Sophia Johnson is a 7-year-old girl who had a birthday coming up. Her mom, Kristy, asked her what she wanted for her birthday and she replied, “Nothing. I want to help those that don’t have anything or that are in need.” The charity that Sophia chose was Wiregrass Children’s Home. So Kristy has a birthday party for Sophia and the guests, friends, and relatives were told not to bring gifts but make a donation to Wiregrass Children’s Home. Due to the generosity of this little 7-year-old girl, Wiregrass Children’s Home was the recipient of a set of boys’ pajamas, three sets of girls’ pajamas, two Adventureland Voucher Booklets, a Target gift card, a Wal-Mart gift card, and $25 in cash. As a board member of Wiregrass Children’s Home, I express our appreciation for the generosity of this darling little girl. May God bless Sophia and her mom, Kristy. Tom Ziegenfelder Dothan Tags Sophia Johnson Wiregrass Children's Home Kristy Donation Birthday Coming Send in a letter Letters Policy Letters should be 300 words or fewer. Letters must include day and evening telephone numbers for verification. Letters that cannot be verified will not be considered for publication. Unsigned letters will not be published. Send letters to: Dothan Eagle 227 N. Oates St. Dothan, AL 36303 Fax: 334-712-7979 Email: letters@dothaneagle.com Submit letter via our online form. Editorials Judged by 12, not 1 Sessions should urge investigation into foreign influence of U.S. government Remembering the lost Foundation helps Dothan do its best City must rethink Azalea-Dogwood Festival Popular Students killed in 2007 Enterprise tornado always on teacher's mind Body discovered in Pea River Fatal shooting in Elba Deceased Fort Rucker soldier identified A glimpse at the nine people killed in the 2007 tornado Ozark Chief: Infant's death 'tugs on your heart' Fort Rucker releases name of soldier found dead on post Three women charged in $5.5 million theft in Pike County Dothan making plans for $22 million public safety training center Soldier found deceased on Fort Rucker Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Tuesday, March 07, 2017, 3:23 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Danny Chism New member brings different perspective to Bryant School Board By Jillian McGehee This article was published March 5, 2017 at 12:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size PHOTO BY SAM PIERCE Danny Chism wears many hats as a father and entrepreneur, as pictured here with his ice machine business. His latest endeavor is joining the decision-making branch of the Bryant Public Schools as the district’s newest board member. As plans were prepped for Bryant’s newest school board member to be photographed for this feature, he said, “Which job?” when asked if he could meet at his workplace. A full-time infantry officer in the Army National Guard, Danny Chism, a father of three, also operates two other businesses. With his entrepreneurial spirit, it seems likely Chism lives by his favorite quote by Robert H. Schuller — “What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?” After spending a short time talking with Chism, it’s apparent he is not afraid to try anything. His latest venture brings him back to where he began his learning journey. A Bryant High School graduate himself, in the class of 1984, Chism has come full circle with his Hornet experience. His three boys, Marshall, 13, Nikita, 9, and Collin, 7, all attend Bryant schools, and Chism said their enrollment makes him even more ready to serve the district as a school board member. “I have three boys who will be in the Bryant school system for the next 10-plus years,” he said. “I owe it to them to make sure they have the best education possible.” As a military man, Chism spent years away from Arkansas. He entered the Navy after school and “traveled all over the place,” he said. “After college, I lived in Los Angeles for a year before moving to Moscow, Russia,” Chism said. “I lived there a year before moving to St. Petersburg, Russia, for two years.” Chism returned to Arkansas in 1998. He joined the Guard for stability in his life, and the experience gave him structure and unlimited opportunity, he said. Chism fills the vacancy on the Bryant School Board left by Michael Daly, who resigned in December. Board president Sandra Porter said the governing body is “very happy to have Danny serving with us.” Chism was selected by the board from a “very diverse and qualified group of candidates,” Porter said. “We thought [Chism] could bring a different perspective to the board because of his military and entrepreneurship background. We look forward to working with him as we move into a very expansive building program.” The night of the school-board interview, Chism said he sat in his car for about 10 minutes asking himself, “Do you really want to do this?” He said he thought, “I have a full-time job, two growing businesses and a family and three boys to raise. Do I really need the extra responsibility and headache of being on the school board? I could have driven away, and no one would have ever known.” But with the thought of his three boys, Chism said, he felt compelled to go through with the process. “It’s my time to be involved,” he said. As Porter indicated, Chism stood out to the board because of his diverse interests and background. He operates an ice machine on Stagecoach Road behind the Walmart Supercenter in Bryant and recently opened Arkansas Escape Rooms in Bryant. “Arkansas Escape Rooms is Saline County’s premier escape room,” he said. “I hope people enjoy solving puzzles with their friends, family and co-workers.” The goal is also to get children off their devices and encourage them to use their hands and brains to ignite their problem-solving skills, Chism noted. Surprised that he was picked as Daly’s replacement, Chism said he asked Superintendent Tom Kimbrell a few days after the board’s vote why he was selected. “Other applicants had multiple master’s or doctorate degrees and had worked in education for years,” Chism said. “He told me I was selected for proven leadership ability and that the board saw me as a risk-taker, and I had skin in the game with three boys in the Bryant school system. They already had plenty of the academic types — I was different.” Above all, Chism said he seeks every day to be a good example for his three boys, that and to feed his “burning desire to be successful.” “I am building an empire,” he said. “Don’t listen to those who tell you that you can’t do it. Make time for the important things, and don’t sweat the small stuff.” Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Creative pet names reveal owner’s humor Bryant schools seek millage increase, hold to... Heart Ball celebrates Sweetheart program New member brings different perspective to Br... COMMUNITY EVENTS IN THE TRI-LAKES AREA Monikers mixed for cats, dogs New football coach aims to put Sheridan back ... Family man is named Cardinals superintendent Chamber board president excited about Bryant’... Comments on: New member brings different perspective to Bryant School Board To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump Tower wiretap claim to get inquiry (52 comments) Congressman apologizes for crude joke about Kellyanne Conway (21 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: Fate of the presidency (32 comments) Proven ain't half of it (11 comments) Pizza restaurant in west Little Rock shopping center robbed by 2 gunmen, police say (11 comments) White House demands investigation into whether Obama abused executive powers (19 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Local Elections Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Directory Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/ladailynews Home â News â Elections â Local Elections How Measure S could be a boon in part of the Valley but a bust for the other Los Angeles City Councilwoman Nury Martinez stands in front of the former Montgomery Ward in Panorama City on Thursday, March 2, 2017. Photo by Ed Crisostomo, Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG By Dana Bartholomew, Los Angeles Daily News Posted: 03/04/17, 4:45 PM PST | Updated: 1 day ago # Comments Richard Close, president of the Sherman Oaks Homeowners Association, stands in front of the former Sunkist headquarters in Sherman Oaks on Thursday, March 2, 2017. Photo by Ed Crisostomo, Los Angeles Daily News/SCNG In Panorama City, a long defunct Montgomery Ward marred by graffiti would be replaced by hundreds of apartments, boutiques and restaurants as a historic shopping mall breaks ground on its first major expansion in more than half a century. In Sherman Oaks, a former Sunkist headquarters would undergo a similar mixed-use makeover, nearly encircling the citrus-empire landmark with shops and apartment blocks. Both projects sit on 9 acres. Both would need zoning changes to get built. And both could soon be sunk by Measure S, a Tuesday ballot measure that aims to restrict growth while reforming Los Angeles land use. But the 5-mile divide between both is wide. • RELATED STORY: San Fernando Valley residents rally to support planning reform measure Some in the working-class northeast San Fernando Valley say the Measure S initiative would kill the first shot at economic development for Panorama City in decades. Others in the tonier Southeast Valley say it could rein in rampant overdevelopment, overflow parking and traffic in Sherman Oaks and beyond. “It’s a tale of two Valleys,” declared Councilwoman Nury Martinez, who represents the largely Latino Panorama City, staring at the paint peeling off the Ward’s department store across from the historic Panorama Mall, which has revealed plans to double in size. “The haves and have-nots. “We want equity. Quality of life. Fairness. And our fair share of good development projects in our district. Measure S punishes communities like this one.” • RELATED STORY: Faded Panorama City neighborhood set to get two mixed-use developments Leading up to the citywide election Tuesday, the mailboxes of likely voters across Los Angeles have been stuffed with attack ads both for and against the controversial slow-growth measure. If approved by voters, Measure S would put a two-year moratorium on any building project that would require a zone change, height district change or an amendment to the General Plan or city blueprint for development. Affordable housing projects would be exempt. It would also require Los Angeles to update its General Plan every five years, including 35 community plans that govern building rules for each neighborhood, now decades out of date. It would also require city planners, not builders, to pick the authors of environmental impact studies. Public hearings would take place after work in local neighborhoods. Most importantly, it would put a two-year halt to the common practice of “spot zoning” that grants builders exceptions to rules regulating height, density, parking and more, until the General Plan is updated. Advertisement Proponents include Michael Weinstein of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation, which has spent nearly $2.6 million this year to back the measure, and former Mayor Richard Riordan. Opponents include labor unions and major developers, which have spent $4.5 million, according to campaign filings. • RELATED PHOTOS: Panorama City, Montgomery Ward and Towers to become mixed-use development Supporters of Measure S, known as the Neighborhood Integrity Initiative, say it would fix a “pay to play” system in which developers cut cozy deals at City Hall to get approval for projects that don’t conform to community zoning. They say such deals have caused rampant overdevelopment in some neighborhoods, encouraging luxury housing over affordable rents while clogging streets with parked cars and traffic. “This is the Proposition 13 of this generation, said Richard Close, a land-use attorney and longtime president of the Sherman Oaks Homeowners Association. “We need to stop pay-to-play development, where the big political contributors get to develop what they want by making contributions to public officials.” Close gazed up at the iconic Sunkist building, on whose parking lot he taught his son to drive, and in whose offices he once held community meetings. The striking landmark has caught the eyes of drivers on the 101 Freeway since 1971, drawn to its cantilevered columns that flare out three stories like an upside down pyramid with tinted windows. Sunkist Growers vacated its brutalist-styled premises at Riverside Drive and Hazeltine Avenue three years ago. Its new owner, IMT Capital, has proposed adding nearly 300,000 square feet of new high-end homes and shops, including 278 apartments, 16 percent fewer than it originally asked for. The project, now in its environmental review phase, would require a zone change. Close said the project is too big, too massive and would cause traffic jams next to Westfield Fashion Square. The IMT Sherman Oaks Project website says it would create an “interactive campus ... and a publicly accessible green park way.” “It’s an architecturally significant building, one of the few in the Valley,” Close said. “What they want to do is create a penitentiary surrounding this gem, with five-story apartments. The result would be more traffic, and overflow parking in residential neighborhoods. “This project is an example of the Manhattanization of Los Angeles, in the San Fernando Valley and residential neighborhoods throughout the city — and a prime example of why Measure S is needed.” Not so fast, say opponents. Amid the claims and counterclaims, they say Measure S will undermine sorely needed housing developments, including $1.2 billion in homeless housing paid for by the recently approved Proposition HHH. They also contend it could tip Los Angeles into another economic recession, causing a $2 billion dent in the Los Angeles economy, put 24,000 people in construction and related jobs out of work and cut $70 million from city coffers — enough to hire 1,000 firefighters or cops. “This will especially hit those folks who right now are struggling to get by,” Mayor Eric Garcetti said at an against-Measure S news conference with homeless and affordable housing advocates last month. “If Measure S passes, it will be even more difficult to find affordable rent, and it will be even more difficult to find good jobs in Los Angeles.” It was in the late 1940s that industrialist Henry J. Kaiser and developer Fritz B. Burns teamed up to build the first planned development in the Valley, with good jobs provided by General Motors. The Panorama Mall opened in 1955 at Van Nuys and Roscoe boulevards — the only shopping center in the Valley that had four major department stores: Broadway, Robinson’s, Montgomery Ward and Ohrbach’s. But the GM Plant and the plush department stores are gone, replaced by a shopping center and a WalMart. Montgomery Ward has been vacant since it closed its doors in 2001. The store’s owner, the Icon Co., hopes to turn its 8.5 acres into an Icon Panorama, with 350 apartments on two sides of 250,000 square feet of food stores, clothing stores, restaurants and perhaps even a farmers market. Next to it, the Panorama Mall also wishes to expand. Its new owner, Primestor Development, hopes to nearly double its size to 586,000 square feet, adding a movie theater and a hotel and banquet hall, according to Martinez. Besides the nearby Panorama Tower, which is now being converted into lofts after collecting pigeon droppings since the Northridge earthquake, it would be the first economic development in decades for the community. There’s only one catch: in order for both projects to be approved, their parking lots would need rezoning. And that could be imperiled by Measure S. “It’s desperately needed and desired,” Martinez said of both projects. She said her daughter cannot even come into the mall’s existing stores to buy her kids school supplies. Or get a good cup of coffee. Or a snack. “It’s wrong. You can get all those things in Sherman Oaks. “You can’t compare downtown and Hollywood to Panorama City,” she said. “It literally took 20 years to get developers interested in these areas. Now, we’re on the brink of development. They met with the community. We’re looking at new restaurants. “Now we have Measure S.” Staff writer Elizabeth Chou contributed to this report. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Reach the author at dana.bartholomew@dailynews.com or follow Dana on Twitter: @DN_DanaBart. Full bio and more articles by Dana Bartholomew Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life No results found Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LA Daily News Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © LA Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
The Hollywood Reporter the business Subscribe exec suite reps int'l esq real estate movies tv music tech the business style politics culture travel awards video Subscribe Blogs heat vision bastard machine live feed behind the screen esq earshot the race Newsletter THR Social:  #OscarsSoWrong Subscribe Now Never Miss A Story. Sign up for our Newsletters. Daily Edition Login to download Fox Taps Keith Feldman as President of Home Entertainment 10:00 AM PST 3/1/2017 by THR Staff FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS 20th Century Fox Keith Feldman He previously served as the president of worldwide distribution for the studio's home entertainment division. Keith Feldman has been named the new president of worldwide home entertainment for Twentieth Century Fox. In the role, he will oversee the marketing and distribution of physical and digital home entertainment, including the implementation of enhanced formats including Digital HD, 4K Ultra HD and Virtual Reality. Feldman will work closely with retail partners like Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart, DirecTV, Google Play and iTunes, among many others. He also will continue to lead all home entertainment businesses for Fox's third-party partners including DreamWorks Animation, eOne, EuropaCorp, Lucasfilm, MGM, Pathe and Warner Bros.   Feldman will report to Mike Dunn, president of product strategy and consumer business development, who made Wednesday's announcement. Feldman previously served as president of worldwide distribution for the studio's home entertainment division. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS THR Staff THRnews@thr.com @thr Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Backstage Casting
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 March 2017 by Military News COUPON AND DEALS USA: Deals! Discounts! Offers! COUPON AND DEALS USA: Deals! Discounts! Offers! [ClickPress, Wed Mar 01 2017] Welcome to the world of CouponNDeal, welcome to a planet that gives you the hottest coupon deals available online for your crazy shopping sprees. Be it a best friend’s wedding shopping or your daily needs purchase. Your stress buster shopping session or your bored-as-hell buy. We are here for you at every step to ensure you enjoy all these episodes without digging a big hole in your pocket. Get the most exclusive offers and score the most fantastic deals across fashion, home, electricals items, beauty, toys, gifts and so on. Here you can find huge discounts, store coupons, online promotional codes, daily coupon deal and other money saving deals like COUPONS AND FREEBIES of most popular online stores. Out of millions of products offered by thousand of stores, we provide the best deals every day for visitors. The website combines and covers the deals and offers and hottest coupon deals online for the comprehensive range of all the products you need. From Automotives to fashion, from beauty products to Books & Stationary, Kid’s clothing, handbags, bags, entertainment, Footwear, jewellery, Computer & Laptop, Online Games, Mobiles & Tablets, Camera & Photo, Home Furnishing & Decor, Baby accessories, men’s footwear and much more. We have uber cool deals and coupons from across all the major stores of US viz., Aliexpress, Target, REI, Bestbuy, Canon, Macys, Sears, Staples, Buydig, JC Penny, Ebay, Newegg, Groupon, American Eagle Outfitters, The Home Depot, Bonton, Kmart, Oldnavy, Cabelas, The Childrens Place, Walmart, 6PM, Kohl’s, Toys R US etc. CouponNDeal also seek to make your festivals and special occasions, extra-special. Pre-Christmas Sale Special gifts, Holiday savings spectacular, Christmas special, Christmas Party Sale and so on. We provide countless and outstanding offers and deals on every occasion to make these days exceptional for you. Chop-chop! What are you waiting for? Jump in, snap to it. Put your skates on as there’s no time to lose. Get your keyboard in action and Log in to http://www.couponndeal.us/ to grab and activate those ultra-exclusive and remarkable hottest deal online by a single click. Yes! A single click. Company: Contact Name: Coupon N deal Contact Email: coupondeal21@yahoo.com Contact Phone: Related website [+] Global news distribution by ClickPress. To manage your News Alerts Subscription, click here. To reach News Alerts subscribers via an Enhanced Distribution, click here. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBooks, Companies, company, Computing, Entertainment, Home and Garden, lose, major, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious How Can Dedicated Servers Be Useful To Your Business? Next PostNext Vashikaran A way to resolve love problems Search Recent Posts Embedded Systems Academy veröffentlicht “Technology Guide” zur Sicherheit von Controller Area Networks (CAN) Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders La Visual Industry Promotion Organization et les laboratoires de recherche KADOKAWA ASCII procèdent au lancement d’un « Catalogue de contenus japonais » disponible via un site Web Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 March 2017 by Military News Here’s Why Costco (COST) Stock Tumbled 4% Today Shutterstock photo On Friday, shares of wholesale retailer Costco COST closed the day down over 4% to $170.26 per share after the company reported disappointing second-quarter fiscal 2017 quarterly earnings. Earnings per share of $1.17 missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.35 and declined 5.5% from the prior-year period. Total revenues, which include net sales and membership fees, came in at $29.766 billion, lagging behind our consensus estimate of $29.988 billion but growing 5.7% year-over-year. Breaking that down, quarterly net sales were up 5.7% to $29.130 billion, while membership fees increased 5.5% to $636 million. Costco’s comparable store sales for the second-quarter increased 3% (excluding the effect of gasoline prices and foreign exchange), and saw comps growth of 3% and 8% across its U.S. and Canadian locations, respectively, despite a comps decline of 2% in its Other International segment. But the biggest surprise of Costco’s earnings report, and the leading driver of its downward stock movement today, was its announcement that it will raise membership fees for the first time since 2011. The retailer will increase annual membership fees by $5 to $60 for U.S. and Canada Goldstar (individual), Business, and Business add-on members („Primary” Members). Annual fees for Executive Memberships in the U.S. and Canada will also jump to $120 from $110. The fee increases will affect about 35 million members of Costco, which operates 508 warehouses throughout the U.S. and Puerto Rico, and will take effect June 1. Costco is facing increasingly tough competition from Sam’s Club, Walmart’s WMT warehouse company, as well as Target TGT , as both have taken initiative on lowering prices across the board. However, Costco still continues to be one of the dominant wholesale retailers based on breadth and quality of merchandise offered, which enables it to ensure an upscale shopping experience for its members, resulting in market share gains and a healthy membership renewal rate. The company is also in the midst of switching credit card partners, transitioning from American Express AXP to Visa V . Costco said that even though this shift helped boost its profit margins, it wasn’t enough to offset lower prices for many of its products. Interested in the other top stories of the week? Listen to Zacks Friday Finish Line to catch up on the week’s financial and investment news. Everything You Need to Know About Snapchat’s IPO Now You may be curious about the buzz surrounding Snap Inc.’s IPO, but should you snap up this tech stock? In the 2017 IPO Watch List , you’ll get an inside look at Snap’s exciting prospects and potential challenges. You’ll also learn about 4 other exciting tech companies with jaw-dropping growth. Each could go public in the coming months. Imagine being in the first wave of investors to jump on a company with almost unlimited growth potential? This Special Report gives you the latest scoop. Download this IPO Watch List today for free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report American Express Company (AXP): Free Stock Analysis Report Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT): Free Stock Analysis Report Target Corporation (TGT): Free Stock Analysis Report Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST): Free Stock Analysis Report Visa Inc. (V): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bank Stock Roundup: Fed Interest Hike Expectation Raise Optimism; JPMorgan, Citi in Focus Next PostNext Tesla, Inc. Sales in China More Than Tripled in 2016 Search Recent Posts Embedded Systems Academy veröffentlicht “Technology Guide” zur Sicherheit von Controller Area Networks (CAN) Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders La Visual Industry Promotion Organization et les laboratoires de recherche KADOKAWA ASCII procèdent au lancement d’un « Catalogue de contenus japonais » disponible via un site Web Proudly powered by WordPress
Fugitive Tenn. couple in Clarke Co. Jail after apprehension in W - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Black History Month 2016 Heart headlines My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Our local commitment WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Fugitive Tenn. couple in Clarke Co. Jail after apprehension in Wayne Co. 2017-03-04T17:55:53Z2017-03-04T18:09:09Z By Charles Herrington, Reporter Email Connect cherrington@wdam.com Shana D. Nowlin Brandon L. Elliott WAYNESBORO, MS (WDAM) - Two people wanted for stealing a vehicle and other items in Tennessee are in jail in Clarke County after being caught Friday in Wayne County.   Wayne County sheriff Jody Ashley said Shana D. Nowlin, 27, and Brandon L. Elliott, 27, are in the Clarke County jail, awaiting extradition to Tennessee, after being arrested in Waynesboro around noon Friday. He said the couple is wanted for theft of a pick-up truck and tools in the Volunteer State. He said they initially fled on foot from Clarke County authorities, after they were spotted acting suspiciously at a local church.   "(Authorities) found out the vehicle was stolen and these individuals were going down a railroad track, which is on the Wayne and Clarke County line," Ashley said. "(Clarke County) Sheriff Todd Kemp called me around 11 o'clock and sent their pictures, because they had left their drivers licenses and everything in the vehicle and said 'we're looking for these two individuals.'"      Elliott was arrested near a bank in Waynesboro.  Nowlin was picked up a few minutes later at a nearby Walmart.      "We felt like they were going to carjack somebody and get their vehicle, so it was quick response from the officers," Ashley said.  Ashley said the couple faces charges in Tennessee of burglary of a dwelling and possession of stolen property.  He said they also face charges of trespassing and evading law officers in Clarke County. Copyright 2017 WDAM. All rights reserved.      News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Person critical after crashing into pole Person critical after crashing into pole Updated: Monday, March 6 2017 11:24 PM EST2017-03-07 04:24:15 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A person is in critical condition after a crash.More >> A person is in critical condition after a crash.More >> Police investigate heated exchange at Southaven CiCi's Police investigate heated exchange at Southaven CiCi's Updated: Monday, March 6 2017 11:23 PM EST2017-03-07 04:23:49 GMT (Source: Facebook) Police are investigating after two families erupted into mayhem at CiCi’s Pizza in Southaven.More >> Police are investigating after two families erupted into mayhem at CiCi’s Pizza in Southaven.More >> Grizzlies fall to league-worst Nets at home Grizzlies fall to league-worst Nets at home Updated: Monday, March 6 2017 11:23 PM EST2017-03-07 04:23:25 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) The pre-All-Star break Memphis Grizzlies have been nowhere to be seen as of late. Monday night, the team was beaten handily by the Brooklyn Nets, who own the worst record in the NBA.More >> The pre-All-Star break Memphis Grizzlies have been nowhere to be seen as of late. Monday night, the team was beaten handily by the Brooklyn Nets, who own the worst record in the NBA.More >> Woman in critical condition after Horn Lake shooting Woman in critical condition after Horn Lake shooting Updated: Monday, March 6 2017 11:16 PM EST2017-03-07 04:16:32 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) A woman is in critical condition after she was shot in Horn Lake.More >> A woman is in critical condition after she was shot in Horn Lake.More >> Annual Vietnam Veterans celebration featured Medal of Honor recipient Annual Vietnam Veterans celebration featured Medal of Honor recipient Updated: Monday, March 6 2017 11:14 PM EST2017-03-07 04:14:01 GMT (SOURCE: Nelia Dempsey) An annual celebration four years ago in the Mid-South has continued to grow each year.   More >> An annual celebration four years ago in the Mid-South has continued to grow each year.  More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Go Inside Hershey's Wildest Ideas on How You Will Shop for Food in the Future From virtual reality ordering to meal shopping wine and food events. Lindsay Rittenhouse Mar 4, 2017 10:39 AM EST Hershey (HSY) is taking its 123-years' experience making chocolate and other confectionery and using it to help turn around the slumping retail industry in large part because its Reese's Peanut Butter Cups sales are dependent on it. "We've gotten to the point where grocery shopping is such a chore and now there's all this pressure coming from e-commerce and you can really get your groceries anywhere, so now we have retailers saying 'Hey, how are we going to compete in this new landscape?", Lina Yang, director and futurist of strategic foresight at Hershey's Advanced Technology Lab told TheStreet. Hershey, which mostly competes with Mondelez (MDLZ) and Nestle (NRGY) , can definitely benefit from a better retail environment. The company announced on Wednesday plans to cut 15% of its global workforce as it restructures its business. As of Dec. 31, Hershey employed 16,300 full-time workers and 1,680 part-time. The company has struggled to gain sales outside of North America, with only 30% of its revenues generated outside the U.S. and Canada. Not a fan of investing in food stocks? Try these Trump tech stocks. Brian Kavanagh, senior director of insights driven performance and retail evolution at Hershey, blamed messy candy aisles - where all types of confectionery from high-priced chocolate to gum is dispersed across shelves with no form of organization - for lower sales overall. One of the candy displays at Hershey's test store. In a study conducted late last year, the Hershey lab set up a test grocery store where candy was categorized by brands and then better displayed on pop-out shelves. Kavanagh said sales of candy - especially healthier confectionery snacks such as mixes of fruit, nuts and chocolate - boomed. Hershey declined to give specific sales numbers as details will be released in its May "State of Retail" report. Here is how Hershey is thinking about the future of shopping for food.  Meal exploration. In the "meal exploration" scenario, Hershey futurists foresee a food store where customers tour the aisles with "concierges," a glass of wine and meal samples, creating a fun, social grocery shopping experience. "Easter is coming up, for example, and you have these stations of how your Easter meal could start coming together," Yang said. Once you decide what meal you want to purchase, your order is sent to the "fulfillment center" and it's prepared and given to you either on site at the end of the event or delivered to your home. Personalized marketplace. The personalized marketplace concept is a "frictionless" way for people who are still "really into the ingredients" to pair up with expert grocers in the store and be guided, through the use of technology, on what meat, wine and cheese they should get to create their own meal at home. "It goes old school, where you actually have experts, the expert butcher who actually knows about every cut of meat, the baker that's actually intimately involved with baking everything that's there," Yang said. But, the expert advice is powered by technology. So, the ingredients customers choose with the help of the in-store experts will be logged through some sort of app or system that is not yet explained, and paid for as the customer shops - think of it as something like the scan and go technology Walmart (WMT) is now testing. So, this "old school" concept also plans for no pay lines. Shopping for food may be way easier in the future, thanks to tech Destination but convenient food shops. In this concept, the boxed sandwiches and bags of chips workers on their lunch break, for example, might grab from a convenience store is now in a more desirable location. And, the food items are fresh. "Imagine your bodega, your convenience store, in your urban environment and what we did was reimagine a shipping container," Yang said. "So you have all your ready-to-eat things you would imagine from a convenience store but in a more destination environment where you might want to eat there, you might want to pick up and go, but it's now stocked with fresh items." But, yet again, this concept is powered by technology. So, customers order from kiosks and buy fresh, quick meals from another behind-the-scenes preparation area. Virtual meal shopping. This last concept is the most futuristic of the four the lab has whipped up. Hershey is imagining a virtual reality system - possibly through your Apple (AAPL) TV as Yang suggested - in homes that "transports (the customer) anywhere." She said, "that's the beauty of virtual reality - there are no borders." So, customers would be able to order any kind of food, or ingredients for a meal, that originate from anywhere in the world.  "So, me and Brian are thinking about what we're going to have for dinner later on," Yang said. "We can transport ourselves to a Mexican street fair and take a look at what's going on there. Hey, that looks really good, I've never seen that before. Click. Fulfilled." Jim Cramer sat down Wednesday with four market experts to talk about how to play the Trump tax plan. Click here to check out their recommendations. If you liked this article you might like Hershey Plans Layoffs Because Its International Footprint Is Far From Sweet Hershey will cut 15% of its workforce to amp up its profitability. TheStreet Staff Mar 1, 2017 10:31 AM EST Hershey, With Scant Global Traction, to Cut 15% of Workforce Good luck finding a Hershey bar outside the U.S. Lisa Botter Mar 1, 2017 9:13 AM EST Mergers of Food Companies Can Be Hard to Digest Despite Kraft Heinz-Unilever misfire, there are still promising candidates on the menu. John Reese Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM EST Trending 9 Large Retailers Besides J.C. Penney Are Closing Waves of Stores European Stocks Called Higher As Markets Get Boost From U.S. Government Focus NASA Telescope Discovers Three Habitable-Zone Planets, and These Companies Want to Take You to Them Can Under Armour Get Back in the Game? 15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Innovation Good News for Messy People: How Disorder Can Contribute to Success Feb 07, 2017 Books Business Radio Human Resources Podcasts Global Focus North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Subscribe on iTunes! mic Listen to the podcast: Author Tim Harford explains why being messy is often a sign of success. http://media.blubrry.com/kw/p/d1c25a6gwz7q5e.cloudfront.net/audio/20170106C-KWR-HarfordBook.mp3 Supports K@W's Innovation Content In the corporate environment we are encouraged to be efficient and have our work in order. But what if being a little messy made you a better employee? That’s the idea in the new book Messy: The Power of Disorder to Transform Our Lives, by Tim Harford, a senior columnist at the Financial Times. “There is always a gap between how things look very nice and neat and tidy on the spreadsheet … but seem very different when at ground level,” says Harford, who is also a host of a BBC Radio 4 show called More Or Less. “What may look messy in theory may actually work very well in practice.” Harford offered his unconventional views on the Knowledge@Wharton show on Wharton Business Radio on SiriusXM channel 111  An edited transcript of the conversation follows. Knowledge@Wharton: Do you get questioning looks from people as to why they would want to have mess in their lives? Tim Harford: I have found that highly successful people who are at the top of their profession, and are tremendously productive and great professionals, carry a lot of guilt about mess [in their lives]. They’ve told me that my book has made them feel better. So that’s obviously my role in life, to unburden people from their guilt. But [I wonder why] so many successful people don’t draw the conclusion that they are doing fine, and therefore the mess doesn’t matter. Instead they convince themselves that if only they could tidy up they’d be more effective. Knowledge@Wharton: But because of how busy we are and more and more people are working two jobs to get by, it feels like that there has to be a little bit of mess in our lives. Harford: Tidying up takes time. If you’re going to decide how messy or how tidy you should be, that’s one of the costs of tidiness. It costs time and energy to get things straight. One may be both literally messy, i.e. emails and papers everywhere, and metaphorically messy like in dealing with complicated people, obstacles or randomness. We tend to underrate how much good that can be doing us. It can be spurring creativity. Or it could just be simply and practically a perfectly functional way to get things done. “Studies of office environments often find that while things look well organized and neat, you may have a tremendous amount of paperwork all hidden away.” For people who keep things incredibly tidy, if it works, that’s great. But studies of office environments often find that while things look well organized and neat, you may have a tremendous amount of paperwork all hidden away. You don’t really know where it is. You don’t really know what it is that you should be doing. You’re carrying around a lot of anxiety in the back of your head, but at least your desk looks clean. Knowledge@Wharton: Where did the idea to write about this come from? Harford: I was originally interested in the idea of interdisciplinary work, funnily enough. I was asking myself, why is it that we tidy ourselves away into silos? The accounts department won’t talk to the marketing department. The anthropologists won’t talk to the economists and the economists won’t talk to the physicists. The New Yorkers won’t talk to the Angelinos who won’t talk to Princetonians. What is it about all this? That was the starting point. But then I branched out into different forms of mess. Randomness in David Bowie’s recording studio. Improvisations in the speeches of Martin Luther King, Jr. Messy environments for children. And of course the straightforward mess of having an overflowing inbox or an untidy desk. Knowledge@Wharton: As you lay out in the book, there are so many elements of what we need to be successful, like creativity, that have some level of disorder around them. Harford: Yes. One of the great moments for me in writing the book was interviewing the composer and producer Brian Eno, who worked with the late David Bowie, U2 and Coldplay, and many great musicians. He deliberately disrupts musicians in their working environment. When they’re in the recording studio working on their new album, he’ll mess things up. For example, on the random draw of a card, he will tell the best guitarist in the world to play the drums and the best drummer in the world to get off the drums and to play the guitar. He will mess around with people like that. It’s a deliberate strategy. Eno says two things. One is when you’re being pushed out of your comfort zone like that, you’re paying attention. So we may like things to be very routine and exact, very familiar, and exactly the way we’ve always done them, and that may feel very comfortable. But we get bored and so we get lazy and so we lose our creativity. So when he stresses people out by throwing these messier elements in, he gets their attention and that gets their creativity. The other thing Eno says is, simply, if you’re forced to try something new, you may finish somewhere new. The unfamiliar simply forces you to find new solutions. That’s true in the recording studio. But it’s true in everyday examples as well. Sponsored Content: Knowledge@Wharton: You also say that being messy at times will make you a little more resilient. Harford: Yes. This is an old idea going back at least to Jane Jacobs, the great scholar of how cities work. [She made that] observation in The Death and Life of Great American Cities, a wonderful, life-changing book published in 1961. She said, “Look, if you’re an urban planner and you’re trying to get things nice and tidy on a map, you will tend to zone things in a straightforward way so the industry goes in one place and the residential stuff goes in another place and the retail goes in a third place. That makes perfect sense from the point of view of the map. But when you’re at street level, that very tidy and well organized system is boring and it’s fragile and it’s not creative. So the streets will be completely deserted at one time of a day and then they’ll be absolutely packed at another time of day because everybody is in the same industry or everyone’s doing the same thing. They won’t learn from each other. “But when you have this messier, more diverse, more jumbled-together streetscape, old and new buildings, residential and industrial and retail and you mix them all together, you get a lot more evenness in the way the street works. You get people on the street at all times of day, which means it’s always interesting and it always feels safe. It doesn’t make any sense on the map, but it’s a much more, better functioning city.” It’s worth taking that idea and then thinking about, for example, a government planning a new policy or a chief executive thinking about how to run a business. There is always a gap between how things look very nice and neat and tidy on the spreadsheet, on the PowerPoint presentation, but they’re going to seem very different when you get to ground level. What may look messy in theory may actually work very well in practice. “What may look messy in theory may actually work very well in practice.” Knowledge@Wharton: You also bring up Martin Luther King’s “I have a dream” speech. How did that fit into this? Harford: Some people will be aware that that speech comes in two halves. Remember the context. He’s under tremendous scrutiny. The civil rights legislation is going through Congress. There were debates within the civil rights movement. The TV cameras of the world are focused on him. There were 250,000 people looking at him in the march in Washington, D.C. And he was under time constraints. The first half of that speech is very carefully scripted. He stayed up all night preparing it. It’s poetic, but it’s not that good. Then halfway through the speech he realizes it’s not that good. He realizes it’s not quite fitting the occasion. It’s not speaking to the people who are actually there. It’s not moving people. He steps away from his script and he takes a biblical flourish and he gets a smattering of applause. People respond to that. Then he doesn’t know where to go after that. The people behind him on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial know he’s away from script. They’ve got the script; they know he’s not delivering from the script. Behind him the gospel singer Mahalia Jackson who has seen him preach in churches across the country and who’s seen him often talk about this dream that he has just yells out, “Tell them about the dream, Martin.” So he begins to improvise the second half of his speech based on this story that he’d been telling people in the churches, based on this sermon-like style, the preacher style. And he tells them about the dream. Of course that is the half of the speech that we all remember. I discuss it in some depth in the book. In other speeches of Martin Luther King, he switched from a very carefully prepared speaker who was very competent, very effective, but not brilliant. When he began to improvise, under sheer pressure of time because he couldn’t do anything else, suddenly his speeches broke out of their previous constraints and started to touch people. Of course they contain their imperfections, because any improvised speech will contain imperfections. But it has that vitality and energy. Maybe when we’re talking to each other, we’re tempted to stick to routines because they feel safe. But sometimes you need to step away from the routine and connect with people in a more honest and maybe a little bit more risky way. It is the same thing when we’re dealing with companies. Very often we feel like we’re dealing with people who are reading from a script, and if we feel that we’re touching something authentic, although it’s risky, it could be very effective. Of course Donald Trump is no Martin Luther King, but one of the reasons why he’s an effective campaigner is because he would improvise and people felt that he was speaking in an authentic way, no matter what fact checkers might have said about him and said, “Well, we checked him. This stuff isn’t true.” It felt true because the people who were listening to him felt that he was speaking in an unguarded and improvised way. It’s very powerful whether you’re Donald Trump or whether you’re Reverend Martin Luther King. Improvisation is risky, but a very powerful way to communicate. “Experimenters said, ‘you can’t have the potted plant or your poster there’ — employees hated the experimenter, they hated the space. They hated the company. They hated everything. Their autonomy had been threatened.” Knowledge@Wharton: One of the other people you bring up is General Rommel of the German Army in World War II, and that he would just go off of orders on his own tangent in terms of fighting the war. That was one of the things that made him a very tough opponent for various other militaries from around the world. Harford: [Rommel] was arguably Hitler’s favorite general. The people he kept beating were the British. He was such an amazing and dynamic figure and such an effective general. He believed that war was full of fleeting opportunities. So it was a very messy process. You just had to grab those opportunities. You couldn’t necessarily prepare. You could try, but if you stuck too closely to your plan you would miss all of these opportunities that you had to seize. The other thing that he believed in was to act quickly. Even if your side wasn’t properly prepared, even if the logistics weren’t quite right, even if your men were tired and you didn’t have enough food, you had to think the other side has got it just as bad. Again and again, whether on a very small scale with just 10 or 20 infantrymen or with vast tank engagements, Rommel would make a bold move that if you had been on his side, or if you had been with his Army, you would have said, “This is crazy. The people are not prepared. It’s chaos. It’s a total mess.” They were in a mess. But then if you’d gone to the other side — the French or to British — you would have realized it’s a mess on this side too and it’s becoming more of a mess because Rommel is using disorder as a competitive weapon — very effective. I drew some parallels with Donald Trump and also with Jeff Bezos of Amazon. Bezos was very clear in the early days of Amazon that he’s going to make a strategic move. He seemed to think, “We’re not ready, our warehouses aren’t ready, our systems aren’t ready, but you know what, Barnes & Noble aren’t ready either, and if we move quickly we’ll do okay. If we slow down and get everything nice and tidy and perfect, Barnes & Noble will crush us or Toys ‘R’ Us will crush us or Wal-Mart will crush us.” He was very conscious about that and he’s been proved right. Knowledge@Wharton: How much of this ends up being an individual philosophy that people will take? And how much of this can be something that a corporation can weave into its operations? Harford: If a company accepts these messy principles, to some extent that is almost a laissez-faire decision. The company is saying, “Look, we are not going to try to micromanage you. We’re not going to try to organize every minute of your day or tell you how to run your calendar, or tell you how to organize your desk. We’re going to let you, the employee, take control of those decisions.” One piece of research that changed my views on many things while I was writing the book was done by two psychologists, Craig Knight and S. Alexander Haslam, where they examined the effects of ‘clean desk’ policies. They got people to sit in various office spaces that they’d designed and do tasks like sort some e-mails, do some paperwork, or other regular office tasks. What Knight and Haslam found was, first of all, that people didn’t seem to like a super minimalist office. If it was bare and there were no distractions, people weren’t super comfortable. A much more powerful finding was that whether the office was full of soft furnishing and potted plants, or whether it was minimalist or not wasn’t the issue. The issue was: did people have control over their spaces. If you’re a neat person, could you make it neat? If you were a messy person, could you make it messy? Or would somebody else come along and change everything for you? They found that when people had control over their spaces they got loads done. They were happy. Comfortable. Productive. But when the experimenters came in and rearranged the space and said, “Oh, I’m afraid, you can’t have the potted plant there. You can’t put your poster there,” and they would change things, people got very resentful and it was multi-dimensional resentment. They hated the experimenter. They hated the task. They hated the space. They hated the company. They hated everything. It was just because their autonomy had been threatened. Haslam and Knight have done this work in old people’s homes and in nursing homes as well, and they believe that if you give residents in nursing homes more control over how the nursing home looks, you might get a much messier space because these are very old people. Some of them have dementia. They’re not professional designers. But if they have control over the space, their mental health improves and their happiness improves. “Improvisation is risky, but a very powerful way to communicate.” There is a story about Steve Jobs and his interior design ideas at Pixar in the book which I found interesting to discover. It is a famous story about Steve Jobs who was the majority shareholder at Pixar and who had a lot of influence over the Pixar headquarters coming up with this idea that the whole company was going to share a pair of bathrooms. There was going to be one big pair of bathrooms in the middle of the space because that’s serendipity. They’re all going to come together and they’ll all mix together. Of course, serendipity is very important in a creative company. But then it was pointed out to him by a consortium of pregnant women that, “Look, we need to go pretty often. Maybe we need to go two or three times an hour. If we don’t have a bathroom close to us we’ll spend our whole time walking to and from the lobby.” At first Jobs was very resistant to this. He had this big idea. He didn’t want these pregnant women to spoil it. Steve Jobs has this reputation for being a control freak’s control freak. But he said, “No, okay, you’re right. I’ll find another way to foster serendipity.” The Pixar headquarters now has plenty of bathrooms. It’s an environment where the design is beautiful, but if you go to the offices it’s full of this chaotic riot of different ideas because everybody’s desk is designed like a Disney castle or a Hawaiian paradise or a volcano or something. It’s chaotic, it’s messy, but it’s a very creative space that respects the autonomy of the people who work there, which is the most important thing. It doesn’t matter if it doesn’t look like a magazine issue, what matters is if the people who have to work there every day feel that they’ve got control. Knowledge@Wharton: How much have you learned from writing this book? Harford: Writing the book made me realize that there’s a time and a place for everything. Some projects are intrinsically disorganized and create mess as you’re working on them. In other projects you can be tidy. If you’re cooking food it’s going to be messy while you’re doing it, and then it can be tidy when you finish. But that is not so with many work projects, like writing a book. It took me five years to write this book and I was doing other things as well. That’s a bit like cooking a meal that lasts five years. Of course it’s going to be messy most of the time. There are studies that I discuss in the book of people who keep very tidy desks, whereas people who pile things up — they’re called the “filers” versus the “pilers” — find that the pilers are completely on top of their paperwork and often have much better ratio of knowing where things are. They throw stuff away regularly. They use their archives. The people who create elaborate filing systems very often don’t know where things are. They have huge piles of paperwork they should have thrown away but they haven’t thrown away because they put it into a filing cabinet immediately after they got it. It’s not necessarily a functional way to organize a desk. It looks tidy, but it’s not necessarily for everybody. Not for me. Messy: The Power of Disorder to Transform Our Lives Supports K@W's Innovation Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "Good News for Messy People: How Disorder Can Contribute to Success." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 07 February, 2017. Web. 07 March, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/how-being-messy-links-to-achievement/> APA Good News for Messy People: How Disorder Can Contribute to Success. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, February 07). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/how-being-messy-links-to-achievement/ Chicago "Good News for Messy People: How Disorder Can Contribute to Success" Knowledge@Wharton, February 07, 2017, accessed March 07, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/how-being-messy-links-to-achievement/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Innovation Does the Google-Uber Lawsuit Hold the Key to Self-driving Cars? The best option for Uber may be to settle Google’s charges of data theft, even as hard evidence is elusive, say experts. Leadership Peak Performance: Lessons in Leadership from Mountain Guides Business leaders could get more from their teams with empowerment and trust-building, notes author Christopher I. Maxwell in his new book. Sponsored Content Leveraging Customer Analytics: The Airline Industry Wharton professor and analytics expert Peter Fader joins WNS executive Raj SivaKumar to discuss the power of harnessing customer analytics for business success in the airline industry.   Join The Discussion One Comment So Far Log In or sign up to comment Casual Observer There is one overuling reason for a tidy desk… Security. Sometimes things go missing especially at night when the office is closed. Things like confidential customer data, business plans, money, personal items, proprietary or trade information etc. Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Tuesday, March 7, 2017  |  Jumada Al Thani 8, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Illustration by Mathew Kurian / The National Frank Kane’s working lunch: the inner sanctum of Gulf business legend Mishal Kanoo Frank Kane March 4, 2017 Updated: March 4, 2017 07:29 PM Related Frank Kane’s working lunch: Ziad Makhzoumi one of most compelling men on Gulf’s financial scene Frank Kane’s working lunch: Badr Jafar of Crescent Group channelling talk into much-needed action Frank Kane’s working lunch: Hussein Hachem of Aramex is a man in a hurry Frank Kane’s working lunch: Mark Beer of DIFC Courts has many titles but one key role Kanoo chairman sees opportunities as Expo 2020 infrastructure projects start Related Frank Kane’s working lunch: Ziad Makhzoumi one of most compelling men on Gulf’s financial scene Frank Kane’s working lunch: Badr Jafar of Crescent Group channelling talk into much-needed action Frank Kane’s working lunch: Hussein Hachem of Aramex is a man in a hurry Frank Kane’s working lunch: Mark Beer of DIFC Courts has many titles but one key role Topics: Business Profiles THE BILL FROM SUBWAY 12” Subway melt sub Dh28 12” veggie patty sub Dh28 Total 56.00 Making bread Subway dates to 1965 when a young man named Fred DeLuca borrowed $1,000 from a friend to open a sandwich shop in Bridgeport, Connecticut. The chain’s first outlet outside North America opened in Bahrain in 1984. Today it is in every Arabian Peninsula country except Yemen. In 1998 Subway came to the UAE. By 2010 it had 100 outlets in the country. Mishal Kanoo had been busy. He had just got back tired from some extended business trips, and had compounded it all by staying up late to watch a big football match. Did I mind just coming into his office for some sandwiches and a lunchtime chat? Well, normally I would have resisted that suggestion, and reminded my lunch guest that The National’s largesse would allow us to sample the finest cuisine the Emirates could offer, money no object, restaurant of his choice. In Mr Kanoo’s case, I was actually pleased to be passing the five-star menu. I’d had many chats with him in his office over the years, and found it perhaps the most agreeable and conversation-enabling arena in the UAE. The HQ of Kanoo Group, in the mercantile heart of Bur Dubai, is a gem of a place that oozes history, legacy and tradition. If family business is the backbone of commerce in the Arabian Gulf, Kanoo is its main lumbar vertebra. "We were founded in Bahrain in the 1890s, and there are few other family businesses in the Gulf that can claim to be as old," Mr Kanoo said as he eased himself onto an leather sofa. "I believe in heritage and history." Looking around, you could see ample evidence of that in the room. It is in the style of "Arabic majlis meets London gentleman’s club", and virtually every spare bit of space had some artefact on display, from centuries-old Indo-Persian warriors’ helmets, to a cased display of antique khanjar daggers, to a selection of valuable-looking gold pocket watches. "Hand-picked," Mr Kanoo said proudly. __________ Working lunch ■ Ziad Makhzoumi one of most compelling men on Gulf’s financial scene ■ Badr Jafar of Crescent Group channelling talk into much-needed action ■ Hussein Hachem of Aramex is a man in a hurry ■ Mark Beer of DIFC Courts has many titles but one key role __________ But first, lunch. A McDonald’s delivery was dismissed on the grounds it was too smelly, and we settled for two 12-inch Subway sandwiches – melt and patty varieties – from the shop in the nearby Al Ain Computer Plaza. Accompaniments were coffee and water for me, and a Cuban cigar for him from the bookcase-sized humidor standing in one corner of the room. "This is the place where I get away from the rest of the world," he said, waving an arm around the majlis-club and taking in the Arabic-themed oil paintings on the walls. There was no computer or desk in the room, and Mr Kanoo explained his aversion to the tyranny of email. (Although there is a fully-equipped working office just a door away.) I asked what was on his mind and sat back awaiting an answer. Mr Kanoo, chairman of a conglomerate that spans shipping, travel, oil and gas, engineering machinery, logistics and property, can be outspoken and even iconoclastic. He readily offers candid views on any number of controversial subjects ranging from the "stone age" approach of running family businesses in the Gulf, to what he sees as the ongoing problems of corruption in regional economies, and the challenges of Emiratisation. His forthrightness has got him in trouble on occasion, although he has never been officially told to "cease and desist", he said. He took a drag on the Cuban and thought for a moment. "To be honest, what’s on the top of my mind is just trying to keep the business ticking over until the third quarter this year. That’s when we expect to see the effects of Expo 2020 for real, and it’s an important time for us, and for Dubai," he said. Rather less controversial an opening gambit than I had been expecting, but maybe he needed time to get warmed up. "I hope it’s the start of the Dubai engine kicking in. If it’s later than that, it will be a problem, but if you go by Dubai’s history, they will make it," he said. The Expo has the potential to lift the UAE economy to a higher level, he explained, creating growth for the whole region and cementing Dubai’s role as the logistics hub for East-West trade. "It’s all interlinked," he said. The interlinking of global economies has, of course, come under strong attack from the new protectionism espoused most visibly by the US president Donald Trump. I asked Mr Kanoo what he thought of the new administration, and whether he thought Trump was anti-Muslim, as has been suggested after the US’s clampdown on refugees from some predominantly Muslim countries. "I don’t think Trump is anti-anything on grounds of ideology. You should ask instead what he is for. I think he’s for his wallet and for his name, and if anything goes against those, he will be anti-that," he answered, getting into his stride. He did not think much of the new US president, or his policies. "The average American Joe buys his stuff from Walmart, and 95 per cent of that comes from China. If he [Trump] starts building trade walls and pushing China out, who will suffer? Joe of course. Tariffs will affect him and his family and their standard of living. At the moment his electorate feels safe but the moment it starts to hit them in the wallet, it will be a different matter," he said. The effect of the new protectionism would be to raise prices of everything in the US, from KFC meals to Gap jeans to cigarettes, he said, and in any case nobody could stand in the way of world trade. "The idea of globalisation just dying out is nonsense, just politicians posturing," he said. But the new president has got a better press in the Arabian Gulf than probably anywhere else in the world, I pointed out. Why did Mr Kanoo think that was? "I think a deal has been struck in this region at some point," he said inscrutably, but he didn’t want to be drawn on what he meant by that, or what the details of "the deal" were. I changed the subject. Kanoo is big in Saudi Arabia with an HQ in Dammam, home of the soon-to-be-privatised Saudi Aramco. There is a big oil and gas component to his business there, so he might be expected to have views on the National Transformation Plan being pushed through under the auspices of deputy crown prince Mohammed bin Salman, age 31. He had no hesitation. "I sincerely hope from the bottom of my heart that the proposed changes come to fruition. Once a change in Saudi mentality kicks in, it will be transformational, a catalyst for positive change in the whole region." It will not be plain sailing, however. "The problem does not lie in the ideas he’s proposing, but in their execution. There are a lot of people with vested interests – political, social, religious – who might oppose it," he said. "I honestly don’t know whether he will be successful. Only time will tell. He is a young man and is taking the burden of responsibility for everything on himself." Mr Kanoo appears to be a great believer in the leadership principle, under which great men (and occasionally women) affect the course of history by the sheer force of their personality, in politics and in business. In a rapid couple of sentences he reeled off the names of history changers who used the "cult of personality" to effect transformation: Hitler, Churchill, Roosevelt, Ataturk, as well as Jack Welch of GE and Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid, Vice President and Ruler of Dubai. Mr Kanoo is the fifth generation of his family in charge of the business in its current form. Although it has 4,000 employees throughout the GCC and a strong executive team in Dubai, he is the public face of the company. I got the sense that he too is beginning to feel the weight of responsibility on his shoulders. "Usually it is the third generation of a family business where it begins to break up. It is the classic story of rags to riches back to rags. We’ve been through that and managed to hold it together," he said. Kanoo Group is working on a plan to take the family out of the line of executive management, by appointing professional managers to run the business, while keeping the next generation of Kanoos involved with the company through senior board positions and ambassadorial roles, he explained. I riskily pushed the analogy with Saudi Arabia. The Saudis have made a centrepiece of their transformation the privatisation of Saudi Aramco, the state oil company that generates most of the country’s revenue through sales of crude oil and gas, in what has been billed as the biggest IPO in history. Kanoo has also from time to time considered the benefits of privatisation, "but I’ve always resisted the temptation," Mr Kanoo said. "I think it’s a huge mistake to think that privatisation solves everything. It often just adds more pressures and problems. When you go public any shareholder has the right to question you. Sometimes in business you have to make unsavoury decisions, and these are best done in private. Disclosure and transparency are good things in principle, but not always good for the business," he said. The kind of "unsavoury decisions" he meant related to issues of business confidentiality and partner relationships, understandable in the Gulf where counterparties are often members of ruling families or governments. "For these things, you need to have closed doors," he said. My coffee is drunk, his cigar nearly smoked through, but our Subways remain untouched. I’m sure they would have been delicious, but eating a cumbersome sandwich and writing notes at the same time is a skill I have yet to perfect. The Subways are gifted to the office staff. It was time to leave the Kanoo inner sanctum, take what he said is the oldest lift in Dubai to the ground floor, and head out again into the hurly-burly of Bur Dubai. This, and Deira over the Creek, is where the great transformation of the emirate was begun in the 1970s, and the area retains a sense of old-fashioned commercial buzz, although slightly shabby now. Pretty soon, Kanoo too will respond to the southward gravity of Dubai, with glittering offices being prepared on Sheikh Zayed Road near the new canal. I just hope Mishal Kanoo packs up his majlis-club lock, stock and barrel and takes it with him. business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Economy Saudi Arabia answers questions on its transformation: the full statement The six key items on the Saudi economy’s to-do list for 2017, from expat fees to prepping Aramco UAE superyacht builder set to go even larger UAE growth could reach 4 per cent this year, says Minister of Economy MOST VIEWED Business | All Youngest Emirati female pilot flies A380 as Emirates turns attention to women – video Smaller Dubai malls feel the pinch of saturation as mega shopping centres dominate Tenders set to be issued for Abu Dhabi’s Midfield Terminal project The six key items on the Saudi economy’s to-do list for 2017, from expat fees to prepping Aramco IEA warns of looming oil supply crunch as industry leaders gather in Houston UAE superyacht builder set to go even larger Sheikh Hazza visits Midfield Terminal at Abu Dhabi Airport - in pictures Emaar chairman hopes for better year after tough 2016 for Dubai developer Saudi Arabia answers questions on its transformation: the full statement Al Futtaim targets rising retail demand with new mall in Jebel Ali area More Most Viewed Youngest Emirati female pilot flies A380 as Emirates turns attention to women – video It’s all too easy for teens to buy dokha in Dubai and Sharjah The Debt Panel: Dubai aviation employee too stressed to eat or sleep over Dh170,000 debts Two dead and 11 injured in Dubai crash Smaller Dubai malls feel the pinch of saturation as mega shopping centres dominate Exclusive: US Rapper Silento can fly out of Dubai after travel ban lifted Qasr Al Hosn to open in 2018 after renovation work Serial rapist who fled to UAE gets 20-year jail sentence in UK Tenders set to be issued for Abu Dhabi’s Midfield Terminal project The six key items on the Saudi economy’s to-do list for 2017, from expat fees to prepping Aramco More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Fuel for Thought: Cheapest solar power in the world? Only in months with a R in them Youngest Emirati female pilot flies A380 as Emirates turns attention to women – video Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Iraqi forces capture Mosul bridge, closing in on government buildings Al Futtaim targets rising retail demand with new mall in Jebel Ali area Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
null
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español We love our phones, so why do we hate making phone calls? If the thought of calling someone on the phone fills you with dread, you're not alone. Here's how to make those scary calls feel less threatening. CBS News Tech Culture by Gael Fashingbauer Cooper March 4, 2017 5:00 AM PST @gaelFC Rather not talk on the phone? You're not the only one. Josep Lago/Getty Images Fess up. You've done it. You've avoided making a phone call and sent a text or email instead. It's about being considerate, right? A live phone call raises risks a text doesn't. What if you're calling at a bad time? What if you say something awkward or dumb in a medium that doesn't have a delete button? Text, and the other person can answer on their own time. But honestly, you just didn't want to talk to them. An estimated 5.4 billion people worldwide -- or over three-fourths of everyone on the planet -- will have mobile phones by 2020, according to a 2016 Cisco study. The more these devices take over our lives, the easier it is to type a few letters and emoji than to talk in real time to a person who might awkwardly interrupt you or not laugh at your jokes. More than 560 billion text messages are sent worldwide monthly, according to the most recent data from Statistic Brain. "Calling doesn't make sense anymore," said Paige Pammer, a 20-year-old sophomore at Temple University in Philadelphia. "With texting, you can communicate with way more people than you would feel comfortable talking on the phone with. I feel comfortable calling my mom, but my lab partner? No way." I'm with Pammer, and I've been out of college longer than she's been been alive. I used to love making calls -- those prank calls I dialed with my cousin as a tween were particularly fun. But now calling's a chore. And I'm not alone among my peers. In a casual survey of friends mostly born in the '60s and '70s, I found many others happy to ditch live phoning for what they see as an easier, more efficient option. I feel comfortable calling my mom, but my lab partner? No way. Paige Pammer, Temple University student When I started working on this story, I didn't dial up Keri K. Stephens, a communications studies professor at the University of Texas who teaches a sales communications class to college students who've never lived without cell phones. I emailed her -- first to ask if she'd do the interview, then to give her an idea what we'd be talking about. Then the interview time arrived. I called her, and we chatted for 45 minutes. Yet somewhat embarrassingly, as with many phone calls these days, I got nervous as the call approached. WTH? We're both professionals, she was expecting my call and it wasn't an adversarial situation. I wasn't shaky and my palms didn't sweat, but I felt that unspoken, low-key dread that never hits when I'm punching out a text. It's a mix of not knowing what attitude I'll get from the other person and a general nervousness about whether I know enough about the topic we'll tackle. Bottom line: I'm out of practice. Stephens sees this sort of apprehension in her students all the time. A 2013 survey of 2,500 UK workers by Jurys Inn Hotel Group found that four out of 10 respondents between 18 and 24 got nervous making phone calls. Telephonophobia Making phone calls "is not a skill set they're growing up knowing and understanding how to do," she said. So she requires her students to make a live phone call to a person of their choice during class. "I say, 'I want you to have a real conversation with another human, and I want you to remind yourself that this is not scary, this is not hard. This is just not something that you are doing all the time now,'" she said, adding that her students laugh when they hear the assignment. It might be nervous laughter. Kathleen Arnold, one of Stephens' former students, witnessed some of her peers "panic" when unexpectedly asked to make a call. "A lot of people were very anxious about it, even if they were just calling their parents," she said. To be sure, for people with social anxiety, phone calls may be yet another interaction that causes self-consciousness and intense fear of being judged or criticized. There's even a word, telephonophobia, to describe people who suffer from a deep and sometimes debilitating fear of talking by phone. Sometimes, as with other phobias, telephonophobia can stem from a negative experience, like receiving traumatic news by phone. In contrast, most of Stephens' students suffer from the good old-fashioned trepidation that stems from being asked to try something new. Stephens says her students need to be taught how to "get over their initial fear of rejection when they talk to another human live." It's weird to hear phone-call-avoidance tagged as a "fear of rejection." Maybe I secretly feared rejection when I called to ask about an internship at a local magazine or dialed up that floppy-haired fencer to ask him to the sophomore dance, but mostly, rejection never crossed my mind back in the prime age of phone calls. I had to communicate with someone who wasn't there, I let my fingers do the walking (Google it, young 'uns) and made the call. "I think this [age] group is no different, but they have other ways to contact people, so they just avoid it," Stephens said. Don't call me, maybe For Arnold, it's not making calls but getting them that can be hard. "I catch myself often letting an important call or a call from an unknown number go to voicemail because I do not like to be caught off guard and not prepared for the conversation," she said. In this era of con artists, I get it. I let a call from an unfamiliar number go to voicemail the other day, assuming that if it wasn't a scam, the caller would leave a message. It turned out to be the opposite of a scam -- my credit union was calling to say a would-be thief was trying to use my debit card at Walmart. But I still feel I did the right thing. Forcing the caller to leave the message let me verify it was the credit union and not a huckster trying to coax personal financial info out of me by claiming to help. I can't, of course, speak for my generation. Some are as quick to punch up or answer a real call as we did back in the '80s, and I admire them for not letting this once common skill turn as rusty as our once-hip Rollerblades. "Some of my younger colleagues are surprised when their emails go unanswered for days at a time," said Lesley Grossman, 38, a television producer in New York. "I feel like I'm always reminding them the phone exists for actual voice communication. Nine times out of 10, you'll get an answer that much quicker if you just call someone instead of waiting for them to return an email." A need for speed It's not always the youngest workers who shy away from making calls. "I became convinced of email's value over phone conversations for business a long time ago," said Kristin Burns, who works at a large West Coast university, and who, being 53, remembers the era when calls were essential. "As the manager and head administrative problem-solver to three dozen faculty and staff, I have been able to convince others as well. Emailing is really our culture here." Pammer, who's majoring in biology and plans to attend medical school, thinks the ease and speed of texting will win converts, even in the corporate world. Every now and then you might have to put that thing up to your ear. CBS News "Obviously it's easier to contact teenagers and young adults if you use platforms and communication styles that they are into," she said. "Altogether, the easier and faster something is to do, the more likely it is that it will get done." Of course, her choice of a medical career may affect how many phone calls she has to make. It's hard to envision giving a patient a disturbing diagnosis over text, but there are many medical jobs that don't involve much patient interaction. If, like Pammer, you hate phone calls, Stephens warns you to choose your line of work carefully. "There probably are careers out there where people are doing everything through text," Stephens said. "But I think it's hard to build close relationships with people that you work with unless you at least occasionally have some real-time conversations." As for me, I've found a "fake it till you make it" attitude helps. I remind myself I've made phone calls my entire professional life, and the person I'm calling has no idea I'm nervous. Uh, unless they read this article, I guess. Scared to make a call? Try these tips "Just do it!" Stephens says. "The worst thing that can happen is you get told no." My personal tip: Write down a list of three things you'll get done on a certain day, with the thorny call being one of them. This can force your hand, as you have to answer to yourself if you don't check off all your items. Remind yourself people don't have to answer the phone if your call is inconvenient, Stephens says. I tell myself they probably won't pick up, and have no problem leaving a clear voicemail if I'm right. Tag, you're it! Calling someone with a valid business goal is not bothering them, Stephens notes. These calls are easier for me to make -- calls to set up a doctor's appointment or schedule car maintenance. They've become easier now that I have a young daughter who relies on me to set things up for her. Getting into Mom Mode makes phone calls seem more natural. "Making a call means you get an answer faster," Stephens points out. "This helps you move forward or move on to another prospect." I'm not a salesperson, but somewhere in life I heard the phrase, "Grasp the nettle tightly." To me, that means do what's painful to you right away, get it over with. The feeling of relief when you're done is worth it. Batteries Not Included: The CNET team shares experiences that remind us why tech stuff is cool. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Tech Culture Mobile More stories IMDb adds new 'F' rating for films by women Donald Trump and family star in new parody of 'Get Out' 'Kong: Skull Island' or: How I learned to stop worrying and love the Kong (review) The more you're on Facebook, the more isolated you feel Close   Discuss: We love our phones, so why do we hate making... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: MLB adds wrist trackers to its starting lineup Google Home spouts crazy talk with fake news in answers The smart speaker is criticized for spreading conspiracy theories about President Obama and other untrue statements as part of its spoken search results. by Bridget Carey 2:10 Leaked footage of the Galaxy S8, Nintendo says dead pixels are normal In today's tech news a footage leaks of the Samsung Galaxy S8, Reddit users complain about dead pixels on the Nintendo Switch and Elon Musk might be boring in LA. by Jonathan Garnham 1:22 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News Insight Clamshell packaging is an often dangerous lesson in bad design Trying to open clamshell packaging is an often dangerous lesson in bad design, writes Kathryn H. Anthony in her new book Defined by Design. The designers of clamshell packaging probably didn't anticipate the phenomenon nicknamed “wrap rage."  (RICK MADONIK / Toronto Star file photo)   By Kathryn H. AnthonyExcerpted from Defined by Design Sat., March 4, 2017 How often have you struggled to open tamper-proof jars or medicine caps? Have you ever cut yourself while wrestling with shrink-wrap and hard, sharp plastic covers? Not only do product designs discriminate against certain types of users, so does the design of product packaging. As Fergal Barry from Arthritis Australia said about the clamshell, “When you buy something it should be yours — you shouldn’t have to get into a knife fight with it.” USA Today reported: Eric Kent made it through two tours of duty in Iraq and one in Afghanistan with hardly a scratch. Yet a Marine who took on terrorists and insurgents abroad turned out to be no match in one of the USA’s most common domestic smackdowns: man vs. product package. Article Continued Below Kent, 23, raced to a Pittsburgh hospital this summer after slicing open his left thumb with a military-grade KA-Bar knife trying to hack open a printer cable from Geek Squad, a division of Best Buy. Clamshell packaging was introduced in the 1980s primarily as a way to prevent theft, to make items visible to customers, and to make packages capable of withstanding the rigours of shipping from manufacturing plants overseas. According to the National Association for Shoplifting Prevention, shoplifting costs U.S. stores more than $10 billion a year, or $25 million a day. Estimates are that by 2015, more than eight billion oyster packs were opened up, thrown away, and deposited in landfills. Hermetically sealed oyster or clamshell hard-to-open plastic casings surround a wide array of goods, such as MP3 players, webcams, USB drives, computer mice, headsets, batteries, electric toothbrushes and many children’s toys. They often come with hard plastic spikes, sharp wires or cable ties to pin the product down. A phenomenon nicknamed “wrap rage” has erupted. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) estimated that in 2006, injuries from plastic packaging resulted in approximately 6,000 emergency-room visits. Because clamshells are impossible to open with bare hands, attempts to open them with knives, box cutters, razor blades and scissors have sometimes led to amputated fingertips, severed tendons and injured eyes. As Randall Culp, a surgeon at the Philadelphia Hand Center at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital, explained, “I think it’s a real health issue.” The amount of packaging included for a single SD card.  (RICK MADONIK)   Emergency-room doctors report that the week after Christmas is one of the peak times for such injuries, although they see them all year long. Along with the potential health hazards, environmental concerns have prompted calls for the elimination of clamshell packaging. According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, about one-third of consumer garbage is packaging, and plastics comprise 12 per cent of U.S. waste each year. Although the European Union attempts to regulate packaging design and waste, and California’s Rigid Plastic Packaging Consumer Law encourages use of recycled plastics, such rules are rare in the United States, where businesses rather than the government rule the day. In the United Kingdom, researchers at Nottingham University were asked by the Department of Trade and Industry to investigate the potential dangers of badly designed packaging. They found that each year more than 60,000 people require hospital treatment after injuring themselves while opening difficult packaging — not just clamshells but also food cans, jars, glass bottles, spray bottles and other tightly packed goods. More than 9,000 people injure themselves removing sharp lids from cans of corned beef. Injuries from other food cans sent 17,671 people to the hospital. More than 2,000 people suffer wrist strain while struggling to pry lids off jam jars. About 1,600 people are injured when they accidentally spray the contents of spray bottles and aerosols in their eyes while trying to open the product. Ironically, 88 people were injured using a knife to open the packaging containing a new knife. Such injuries cost the National Health Service £12 million a year. All of this prompted Beverley Norris of the Occupation Ergonomics Department to conclude, “What we found was a lack of design when it comes to consumers opening items.” A spokesman for the Department of Trade and Industry called the results “staggering.” David Jenkins, Product Safety Investigator for the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents, said: “We receive regular complaints from consumers who have injured themselves trying to get at a product. This is a serious problem and the industry should be doing more.” Alternatives to clamshell packaging are being developed. Some big-box stores are considering using different packaging as part of their efforts to achieve sustainability goals. In 2006, Walmart launched an initiative to reduce packaging in its stores by 5 per cent, estimating that doing so would reduce carbon-dioxide emissions by 667,000 tons a year. Retailers such as Costco and Home Depot are beginning to display products in a new type of packaging called Natralock, which is easier to open and uses less plastic. Some stores keep pricey products behind a counter while showcasing samples, reducing the need for so many plastic casings. Some online retail establishments have taken the lead in combating this problem. Amazon’s Certified Frustration-Free Packaging, launched in 2008, is easy to open, uses recyclable packaging and is ready to ship — no need to put the product in a bigger box. It started with just 19 items, but as of 2014 more than 80,000 goods are free from wires and plastic and instead are shipped in a plain brown box with minimal protective filling. Kudos to Amazon. Now if only the rest of the packaging world would follow suit . . . Excerpt from Defined by Design: The Surprising Power of Hidden Gender, Age, and Body Bias in Everyday Products and Places by Kathryn A. Anthony, Prometheus Books (3/14/2017). Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 7°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Eat like a Queen: Nutrition experts weigh in on the Queen of England’s diet Queen Elizabeth II has made it to 90 with this majestic diet. What’s her secret? Champagne before bed. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Academy Awards Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Sections News Trump Weather Archives Obituaries Business Stocks Education Data Center NEPA 911 Health-Science Local History Gas Drilling Courts State Sports High School Penn State RailRiders Penguins Gameface Golf Motorsports Wildlife Varsity570 Lifestyles Curtain Call Student Artists Calendar Life events Food and wine 10 things Mothers Home and Garden On The Record Crossword Times Traveler My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons Downvalley Midvalley Upvalley N. Pocono Wayne Wyoming Susquehanna Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Submit Letter Cole Cartoon Blog Blogs Chris Kelly Blog John Cole Cartoons High School Sports Penn State RailRiders Photo Blog Local History The Borys Blog WildLife Blog Contact Print Subscription Print Advertising NIE Press Pass Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Smart Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital SMART Edition of The Times-Tribune on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at thetimes-tribune.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Lifestyles • Obituaries • Opinion • Contact • Classifieds • Marketplace • Smart Oball baby rattles recalled due to choking hazard High School Sports Blog Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community: Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email. Education Databases: Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and te Most Read Recent Comments Director of Scranton halfway house charged with DUI, drug possession Human remains in Wayne County identified as missing man Police seize guns, drugs, money after Coolbaugh Twp. raid NEPA's Most Wanted 3/05/2017 Scranton teachers plead for board to listen about health care, credits Police: Scranton man fired handgun at wife Olyphant man enters guilty plea for enticing minor for sex Human remains in Wayne County identified as missing man WAYMART — Human remains discovered in Wayne County this weekend are of a Carbondale man missing for nearly five years. Michael J. Hendel, 42, went missing on March 24, 2012, at approximately 3:30 p.m., close to where his remains were discovered in a woode (read more) Director of Scranton halfway house charged with DUI, drug possession The director of a Scranton halfway house was charged with drunken driving and possession of a controlled substance after being stopped by Blakely police. Sherry Lee Arthur, 37, 202 Poor Farm Road, Greenfield Twp., was arrested March 1 after police found h (read more) Lackawanna County Prison to settle suit with guards The Lackawanna County Prison agreed to pay $90,000 to settle a federal lawsuit filed by six guards who alleged they were retaliated against for refusing to work overtime because of medical conditions. (read more) Court rules football players can sue Lackawanna College for injuries A state appellate court overturned a Lackawanna County judge’s ruling that dismissed a lawsuit filed by two men who were injured while trying out for Lackawanna College’s football team. (read more) HS BASKETBALL: Four local doubleheaders highlight opening round of PIAA tournament The quest for state playoff gold begins at home for eight local teams that will play doubleheaders at four sites Friday and Saturday. (read more) NEPA's Most Wanted 3/05/2017 Brandi Martin Wanted by: Scranton office, state Board of Probation and Parole Fugitive since: Jan. 13. (read more) Chris Kelly Blog: Scranton rally shows shrinking Trump support During his campaign, Donald Trump drew thousands of wildly enthusiastic supporters to rallies in Scranton and Wilkes-Barre. Crowds lined up hours before events to cheer The Donald, boo Hillary and hiss at the press. (read more) Cardboard Box Derby at Montage Mountain It was a sliding good time at Montage Mountain on Sunday as the second annual Cardboard Box Derby sponsored by ALT 92.1 got underway. (read more) Associated Press / Published: March 4, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     DETAILS: This recall involves Oball Rattles in pink, blue, green and orange with model number 81031 printed on the inner surface of one of the plastic discs and on the packaging. The balls have 28 finger holes and measure four inches in diameter. Embedded in the rattles are a clear plastic disc with orange beads and two clear plastic discs with beads of varying colors on the perimeter. Only rattles with date codes T0486, T1456, T2316, T2856 and T3065 located on a small triangle on the inner surface of the rattle are included in the recall. The first three numbers represent the day of the year and the last digit represents the year of production. The rattles were sold at Target, Walgreens, Walmart and other retailers nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Babyhaven.com, Diapers.com, ToysRUs.com, Walgreens.com and other online retailers from January 2016 through February 2017. WHY: The clear plastic disc on the outside of the ball can break, releasing small beads, posing a choking hazard to young children. INCIDENTS: The firm has received 42 reports of the plastic disc breaking releasing small beads including two reports of beads found in children's mouths and three reports of gagging. HOW MANY: About 680,000 in the U.S. and 17,000 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Kids II toll-free at 877-243-7314 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday or visit www.kidsii.com and click on "Recalls" at the bottom of the page for more information. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 1-800-228-4637 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Scranton Times-Tribune PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND SCRANTON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Corner Bench Memos Bench Magazine Subscribe Login Donate The G-File By Jonah Goldberg Just the Facts? Attorney General Sessions speaks to reporters, March 2, 2017. (Reuters photo: Yuri Gripas) Share article on Facebookshare Tweet articletweet Plus one article on Google Plus+1 Print Article Adjust font size AA AA AA AA AA AA AA by Jonah Goldberg March 4, 2017 4:00 AM @JonahNRO The real problem with the American media is that we live in an era of groupthink, populist fervor, and cultural and political panic. EDITOR’S NOTE: The following is Jonah Goldberg’s weekly “news”letter, the G-File. Subscribe here to get the G-File delivered to your inbox on Fridays. Dear reader (particularly the 76 percent of you who outvoted my wife!), A long time ago, monster snakes fought tyrannosaurs in an epic contest for survival. More recently, but still a long time ago in Jonah-years, my dad and I had a disagreement over color photography in newspapers. But since you brought up giant snakes and dinosaurs, I’d like to invoke my right of personal privilege and complain about the forthcoming King Kong movie. Well, not the forthcoming one, because I haven’t seen it yet, but about all the previous ones. If you know where I am going with this, feel free to skip ahead. (I don’t mean “read ahead” or “scroll down,” I mean get up out of your bathroom stall or the veal pen you call an office cubicle and go skipping for a few minutes. Get some exercise people.) So where was I? Oh right. You brought up giant snakes and dinosaurs and said you were excited about the new King Kong movie. Then you asked me to share my longstanding complaint about King Kong movies. And since you insisted, here it goes. Why doesn’t anyone care about the dinosaurs and giant snakes in King Kong moves? In the original King Kong (1933), as well as the 1976 and 2005 remakes, the greedy humans go to an island for their own selfish capitalistic reasons. When they get there, they encounter giant snakes, dinosaurs, etc. Oh, and they also discover a big gorilla. Don’t get me wrong. It’s a really big gorilla. But imagine you’re sending a telegram or e-mail back to the home office: We found a living Tyrannosaurus Rex, a brontosaurus, a whole bunch of pterodactyls, this crazy huge snake, and a large number of other dinosaurs. We also found one extraordinarily large monkey. We’re going to kill all the dinosaurs we encounter, but don’t worry, we’re definitely going to bring back the giant monkey at enormous financial and human cost. We think it’ll be good for marketing. MMMmmkay? Or even worse, what if the intrepid explorers went to Skull Island, came back, and simply said: “We went to this crazy island and we came back with a really big gorilla” — never even mentioning all of the dinosaurs? Which brings me to that conversation with my dad. Just the Facts? I remember when newspapers started running color photos on the front page. My dad, whose birthday was this week, was a man of conservative temperament, philosophy, demeanor, fashion (I never saw him wear a pair of jeans), hair (what there was of it), and pretty much everything else except perhaps humor (though his delivery wasn’t merely conservative, it was so dry Frank Herbert could set a bestselling sci-fi series in the middle of it). So, I assumed he wouldn’t like this garish change to a practice that had a long tradition of existence. “I don’t like it,” I said, starting the conversation (obviously, I am quoting from memory; it’s a cruel fact of life that no one transcribes our conversations with our fathers). “I’m in favor of it. They had to do it,” he replied, while putting his keys and his wallet in their assigned space on the dresser in his bedroom, the way he did every single day (again: conservative dude). “Really? I think it looks cheap.” “What is the point of running pictures in a newspaper?” (My dad had a gift for lecturing with questions.) “To show something that happened,” I answered. “What color is blood?” he asked. “Red,” I replied, now fully sensing the trap. “Is a color picture more realistic than a black-and-white picture?” And there you have it. Now, I could have gone on and made some high-fallutin’ point about how some people think that black-and-white photography distills the essence of a scene better than color photography does. But I didn’t because a) I didn’t think of it, b) he would have rolled his eyes at that, and c) because I am pretty sure the commercial break for the 4:30 movie was coming to an end, and I wanted to catch the stunning conclusion to Gamera: The Giant Monster. Anyway, my dad’s point was pretty simple. Newspapers are supposed to give customers news, and “news” is just a fancy word for “facts.” Color photographs convey more information than black-and-white ones do, so when it became technologically feasible, they had an obligation to make the switch. Now, he might have thrown some other stuff in there about how television news (in color, of course) was eating into newspapers and so they wanted to seem less antiquated. But again, Gamera. I keep thinking of late about that conversation in light of the media’s ongoing bowel-stewing freakout over Donald Trump. I keep thinking of late about that conversation in light of the media’s ongoing bowel-stewing freakout over Donald Trump. Consider the latest brouhaha over Jeff Sessions. (I won’t rehash all the facts, since you, dear readers, are the most informed and savvy people in the Known Universe, except for a few of you named Todd, who are the worst.) The crux of the controversy is Sessions’s flawed reply to Senator Al Franken (D., Still Not Funny). The Washington Post launched this frenzy by reporting that Sessions’s answer to Franken’s supposedly probing question was not entirely accurate. But here’s the thing. In this nearly 2,000-word article, the Post apparently couldn’t find the room to include the actual question Franken asked. Instead, the authors wrote: At his Jan. 10 Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing, Sessions was asked by Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) what he would do if he learned of any evidence that anyone affiliated with the Trump campaign communicated with the Russian government in the course of the 2016 campaign. I am not saying that this is an indefensible paraphrase of Franken’s question. Certainly, a lot of Democrats think this gets to the heart of it. But a lot of other people think it doesn’t capture it at all. Here’s what Franken’s asked Sessions in its entirety: CNN has just published a story and I’m telling you this about a story that has just been published, I’m not expecting you to know whether it’s true or not, but CNN just published a story, alleging that the intelligence community provided documents to the president-elect last week that included information that quote “Russian operatives claimed to have compromising personal and financial information about Mr. Trump.” These documents also allegedly say quote “there was a continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government.” Again, I’m telling you this is just coming out so, you know . . . but, if it’s true it’s obviously extremely serious. And if there is any evidence that anyone affiliated with the Trump campaign communicated with the Russians in the course of this campaign, what will you do? A reasonable person — a category that I think includes Jeff Sessions — can read this and believe that the crux of the question Franken is asking can be found in that last sentence: “And if there is any evidence that anyone affiliated with the Trump campaign communicated with the Russians in the course of this campaign, what will you do?” And it just so happens that’s the question Sessions answered. I know this is a wild-eyed bit of speculation on my part, worthy of a French existentialist, but I’m going to stick to my guns on this assertion. Now, as Bill Clinton said to the Shoney’s hostess who asked him to sign her boobs, stay with me. If you think this is a reasonable interpretation of what actually transpired, or even if you don’t, but you can muster the kind of open-mindedness that our heroic champions of the Fourth Estate constantly boast of possessing in greater portions than the plebes who read their newspapers, you might think that the people reporting the news would include this news (a.k.a. fact) in their news report. Of course, you would be wrong. By paraphrasing the question, the reporters took what was a debatable interpretation of events and made it an objective account of events — or at least that’s what they were endeavoring to do. Personally, I think leaving out the question is akin to reporting back from Skull Island that you found a giant gorilla, but forgetting to mention the dinosaurs. Web Traffic Is Thy God and Thou Shalt Have No Others Before Me On Thursday, I recorded a podcast with the Federalist’s Ben Domenech. Before we got to the important stuff (e.g., sex with robots, hurling rocks from the moon, etc.), we talked for a while about the media in the age of Trump. He told me that at the Washington Post’s sparkling new headquarters they keep conservatives chained up in go-go-dancer cages suspended from the ceiling. No, wait, that was a dream. He told me that the Post has a giant screen on the wall of the newsroom that displays in real-time their web traffic. Ben noted that nearly all of the most-read stories were anti-Trump. He asked whether we can rely on the press to be objective when all the market incentives are for Trump-bashing all the time. You’ll have to listen to the podcast to hear my full answer. But let me take a different stab at my point here. One of the great (or terrible) things about the Internet is that it allows the suits to put numbers behind everything a journalistic outfit puts out. This makes it easier for editors to substitute data for their own judgment. The same dynamic was at work with the advent of sophisticated TV ratings. The Peoria, Ill., store sells nine sets of Wolverine superhero underoos every week while the Gary, Ind., franchise only sells three. In the world of business, this kind of thing is a huge boon. Walmart’s revolutionary impact on retail stems in no small part from its ability to micro-slice data so they can manage their inventory in incredibly efficient ways. The Peoria, Ill., store sells nine sets of Wolverine superhero underoos every week while the Gary, Ind., franchise only sells three but it also moves a huge amount of air fresheners (because Gary smells so bad), etc. But journalism is supposed to be different. Editors are supposed to use their judgment about what information readers should get. Sometimes, this involves a lot of eat-your-spinach reporting that isn’t exactly sensational or sexy — but is important nonetheless. I say journalism is supposed to be different, because there has always been a gravitational pull toward pandering to the desires of the public. But the ideal was still there. And, while this runs counter to the populist spirit ensorcelling both the Left and the Right these days, let me say this is a good ideal. Don’t get me wrong, I think the media gatekeepers have frequently abused their power over the years. But to say that humans have fallen short of ideals is not an argument against ideals. A good Catholic can concede that some priests and popes have fallen short of their principles without having to condemn their principles in the process. Ben’s question is a good one. But I don’t think the problem is the market incentives represented by the page-view and unique-visitor numbers. Those incentives have always existed. And while obsession with web-traffic statistics is a real problem (back when I ran NRO, I’d hit refresh on the traffic software like a monkey hitting the pellet dispenser in a cocaine study every few seconds), the real problem is that we are in an era of groupthink, populist fervor, and cultural and political panic. Ideals for Thee, but Not for Me I know I keep saying this, but behind every double standard is an unconfessed single standard. With Barack Obama, the elite media didn’t pander to page clicks by running sensational stories about the president. It served as his praetorian guard. The L.A. Times — where I am happily a columnist — still hasn’t released the Rashid Khalidi video. The New York Times refused to quote Jeremiah Wright’s inflammatory rhetoric even as it reported on the controversies about it. And when it did so, the Times invoked the ideals of responsible journalism. I could do this all day. The point — like with the Post leaving out Franken’s actual question — isn’t to say the editors didn’t have defensible arguments for their decisions, it’s simply to say that the media have a tendency to look for excuses to invoke their ideals when that will yield the kind of news that supports their ideological or partisan leanings. Liberals have either not noticed this or dismissed this tendency for the most part, because it comports with their own ideological and partisan worldview. But conservatives have noticed. That’s why Donald Trump’s “fake news” rhetoric has such wide currency on the right. From Normless to Gormless This is the point I was trying to get at in my column the other week about the center not holding. To the extent that Donald Trump has damaged democratic norms (and he has), his success is attributable to the fact that elites — in journalism, but also in academia and elsewhere — have corrupted those norms to the point where a lot of people see them as convenient tools for only one side in the political and cultural wars of our age. I got this flattering e-mail this morning about Friday’s column: Mr. Goldberg, I have long been a fan of yours. I appreciate the clarity of thought, and I appreciate your point of view . . . usually. [Your] March 3rd column about Trump and his address to Congress has prompted me to write. Factually, and from a conservative’s point of view, the article was correct. And I know, from your columns and appearances on Fox News, that you have never been happily on the Trump train. My issue is that there is no Democrat I’ve read who would hold anyone on their side of the aisle to the same standards we, as conservatives, hold ours. I find nothing wrong with what you wrote — but it disheartens me that what conservative analysts and pundits write or speak usually ends up as ammunition for the looney Left. Hence my dilemma — I’m proud that we are able to be honest with ourselves, but at what cost to the Republican/conservative brand? [Name withheld] This gets to the heart of the dilemma. There’s a reason why so many conservatives have become perverse acolytes of Saul Alinsky. They think the Left broke all the rules and therefore the only recourse for the Right is to play by the same tactics. The problem with this approach is that when you adopt amoral (or immoral) means, those means tend to create new ends: Winning. It’s telling how the chief defense of Trump’s behavior during the campaign was, “At least he fights!” Conservatism isn’t supposed to be just about fighting, it’s supposed to be about fighting for something. Populism is about winning for its own sake. As Huey Long said, “What’s the use of being right only to be defeated?” At the same time, I get the Right’s frustration. I have no great answer here. Trump is attempting to do a lot of very good things for conservatism. He’s also attempting to do some things that aren’t very conservative, and, in the process, transform the definition of conservatism. Pat Buchanan has a point in his column about Trump’s address to Congress: Watching Republicans rise again and again to hail Trump called to mind the Frankish King Clovis who, believing his wife’s Christian God had interceded to give him victory over the Alemanni, saw his army converted by the battalions and baptized by the platoons. One had thought the free-trade beliefs of Republicans were more deeply rooted than this. When I saw Paul Ryan stand and applaud a massive new entitlement to state-subsidized childcare, I had to wonder what was going through his mind. Conservatism isn’t supposed to be just about fighting, it’s supposed to be about fighting for something. I understand that the question of how to support or criticize Trump is an extremely thorny prudential one for Republican politicians. It’s also a thorny problem for conservative writers, such as yours truly. But it’s not the same problem. Personally, I would be much happier if the only intramural arguments we had were over trade or childcare. These are tolerable debates within conservatism. What makes things so much more difficult, and what is so much more dangerous, is that the broader culture is accelerating its animosity for objective and independent norms — the clear rules that apply to everyone. (Just look at the insane development in the rise of anti-Semitism unfolding as I type.) Bakers must bake cakes for our team! But don’t you dare force them to bake cakes for yours! Donald Trump didn’t create the deterioration, but the way he practices politics is having a centrifugal effect on the process, pulling things apart even more. It’s sort of like what football would look like if you removed all the rules save for the requirement to get touchdowns (and, I suppose, the requirement to relinquish the ball after scoring), with the fans cheering whatever brings victory to their team. A player killed a guy? At least he fights! Various & Sundry Just a heads up, there will be no G-File next week as I will be away on business for AEI’s annual meeting of the Pentaveret, known colloquially as the World Forum. Canine Update: As I may have mentioned, the dogs have me well-trained, waking me up around 5:00 a.m. rain or shine, weekend or weekday. (If I’m out of town, they don’t wake up the Fair Jessica.) Well, the missus was out of town this morning (she’s got a new job, which will require a lot of travel, more on that later). The dogs came in at 4:45, and, as per protocol, Zoë allowed me to hit the snooze button for 15 minutes (by “snooze button,” I mean her belly, which I must rub, so there’s really not a lot of snoozing involved). Zoë flipped over on her back and inched up next to me. But then, she sneezed right onto my mouth (which, fortunately, wasn’t open). Given my germaphobia, I freaked out a bit and leapt out of bed spitting, and spitting mad. Zoë meanwhile thought it was hilarious and assumed that my leaping to my feet meant that I wanted to wrestle. I have exciting news. A while back, John Podhoretz, editor of the indispensable journal Commentary, had the brilliant idea of discarding the usual fundraiser model for egghead institutions. Instead of a normal annual dinner with a speech, he launched the annual Commentary Roasts. He convinces some fool to be the object of scorn and ridicule of his peers and betters. Past roastees have included Charles Krauthammer, Bill Kristol, Dick Cheney et al. Well, this year John has opted to swing big. He’s asked me to be the object of baseless and outrageous smears. I have no idea how tickets and that stuff will work (Note: As it’s a fundraiser, it will no doubt be pricey). But I am sure it will be fun, at least when I get to clear the record at the end of the evening. Mark it on your calendars: November 7, a day that will live in infamy. So, Thursday, while watching the collective freakout over the Sessions story on Morning Joe, I dashed off this silly item for the Corner: a vignette revealing Jeff Sessions’s deep-cover Russian-mole status. I got a surprising amount of positive feedback. But some of the negative responses were kind of bizarre. A lot of liberals were furious with me for making light of this deadly serious issue. I’m used to that sort of thing. But others were just annoyed by it in a “how dare you not write like a pundit” sort of way. I used to get this kind of thing a lot more — like when Cosmo the Wonderdog interviewed foreign leaders — and I can’t quite figure out where the anger comes from. I think it might have to do with the fact that some people just don’t like to have their categories messed up. In other self-promotional news: I recorded a new Ricochet GLoP Culture podcast (mostly) about the Oscars. I wasted 20 minutes of my life ranting about the gender identity of digital assistants. I posited a theory to explain our times by dipping my toes into the world of physics. I discussed the Jeff Sessions’s nothingburger on The Federalist Radio Hour podcast. I wrote about Trump’s good but not spectacular speech, and what its reception means for conservatism. And now, the weird stuff. Debby’s Friday links Costa Rica has a giant dog sanctuary Why is the speed of light the speed of light? An underground Everest? Could the blood of komodo dragons stave off the post-biotic cataclysm? Mars needs lawyers The Best Picture nominees measured by their areas of greatest popularity Animals that look like they’re about to drop the hottest album ever Our ancestors were drinking alcohol before they were human There’s an ancient Roman road beneath an Italian McDonald’s Sea lions are very good at volleyball Does your name shape your face? The monk who saves manuscripts from ISIS Why water from different places tastes different Scottish schoolkids give their dead goldfish a Viking funeral Austrian man attempts to enter building with a jar of cockroaches How your food can kill you What too much plastic surgery can do to you Why we (probably) can’t have flying cars (for now) The G-File By Jonah Goldberg Full Blog Load More Photo Essay Defending America About Institute Advertise Contact NR Facebook Twitter Google+ Privacy
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships Environment 2016 Was a Disaster for America's Democracy, But a Good Year for Egg-Laying Hens Before Trump took power, 2016 was a good year for protecting chickens. By Jim Hightower / AlterNet March 3, 2017 Print Comments Traditional free range poultry farming Photo Credit: monticello/Shutterstock Those who say that we ordinary people can't have any effect on today's corporate behemoths should check out two breakthroughs last year by a group the establishment has long derided as somewhere between wacko and criminal: animal rights activists. Members of groups like the Humane Society get demonized, outlawed, sued and jailed by agribusiness interests for persisting in trying to make life even slightly less awful for animals captured in America's industrial food system. But 2016 was a good year for those groups ... and for the animals. Let's look at Perdue Farms. Perdue is a $6 billion poultry giant (the fourth largest in the U.S., producing 676 million chickens in 2015). It has been a major pusher of the industry line that there's nothing wrong or cruel about breeding birds with breasts so heavy that they can't stand, or keeping them jammed so tightly in cages that they can't spread their wings, or denying them access to the outdoors—or even sunlight. But Jim Perdue, grandson of the founder and now CEO, was having trouble reconciling his corporation's rhetoric with hard reality. After listening to critics, he began discussing alternatives with the animal rights group Compassion in World Farming. Then, on July 1—bam—Perdue announced a wholesale shift in his company's approach to handling the birds, including providing them with lots of sunlight; giving them space to run, flap wings, and play; breeding smaller, healthier birds; and using more humane slaughter methods. Also, Perdue will compensate growers not just to cut costs, but also for enhancing the birds' quality of life. One of the industry rationales for cruelty is that kindness raises prices and cuts profits. But Perdue is finding that healthier birds actually reduce costs, and that more humane practices attract supermarkets, restaurants, and families to Perdue's products. Success by Perdue could shift the whole miserable industry. That is great news for chickens that are farmed for food, but what about laying hens that provide us eggs for our breakfast tables? Until recently, nearly all of the 77 billion eggs we Americans eat annually have come from hellish, windowless egg factories, each containing hundreds of thousands of laying hens. Tightly packed into wire "battery cages" containing five birds side by side, each hen "lives" (so to speak) in a tiny space with the footprint of an iPad. For a decade, the Humane Society has led a grassroots campaign to liberate these hens through undercover exposes and by pressuring college food managers and retailers like Whole Foods to buy from smaller, more local producers of cage-free eggs. In 2008, the campaign got a huge boost when California voters passed a ballot initiative banning battery-cage confinement, with the most "yes" votes of any initiative in U.S. history. After that victory, the society's organizers convinced Burger King to adopt a cage-free policy. Next came McDonald's and IHOP, Kroger and Meijer, Costco and Trader Joe's—and then, last April, the biggest prize in all of eggdom: Walmart, America's biggest egg buyer, announced a transition to a 100 percent cage-free egg supply by 2025. But as we all know, President Donnie Trump has named some doozies to his cabinet and one that stands out as threats to humane and healthy food is Scott Pruitt. He was confirmed as the head of the EPA, which oversees animal testing for pesticides and chemicals and regulating greenhouse gas emissions and water pollution from factory farms. As attorney general in Oklahoma Pruitt tried (unsuccessfully) to give special rights to corporate and foreign-owned factory farms and joined a suit aimed at killing the California law for more humane egg production. For more information and to help stop President Trump and his appointees from rolling back the progress that has been made in humanely raising farm animals, visit www.ewg.org/planet-trump.   Jim Hightower is a national radio commentator, writer, public speaker and author of the book Swim Against the Current: Even a Dead Fish Can Go With the Flow (Wiley, March 2008). He publishes the monthly Hightower Lowdown, co-edited by Phillip Frazer.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg 'We're Going Broke': West Palm Beach Business Owners Want Trump to Spend Weekends Somewhere Else David Edwards / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 07:36 This Is a Fight Against Fascism—Our Resistance Tactics Have to Change Anis Shivani / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/05/2017 - 12:00 Robert Reich: 3 Terrifying Reasons for Trump’s Latest Rant Robert Reich / RobertReich.org Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/05/2017 - 08:38 Paul Krugman: Why Republicans Have No Idea What They're Doing Ilana Novick / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 06:12 White House Attorneys Scramble to Come Up with Evidence to Back Trump’s ‘Wiretap’ Claims David Ferguson / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/05/2017 - 08:16 The Shocking Links Between Azerbaijan Oligarchs, an Iranian Terror Group and Trump Hotel Travis Gettys / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 10:19 As Many as 60,000 Detained Immigrants May Have Engaged in Forced Labor for Private Prison Companies April M. Short / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/05/2017 - 13:47 The Distractor-in-Chief: Trump Counts on Media Falling for His Off-the-Wall Tweets and Failing to Focus on What Matters Jane McAlevey / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 06:05 The Search for Trump's Smoking Gun Robert Kuttner / The Huffington Post Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 07:08 John Oliver Blasts President Trump's Wiretap Allegations Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 03:42 Today's Top Stories Media Vampire Webpages Suck Content From Legitimate Progressive News Sites Immigration White House Announces Revised Travel Ban, Cites Bowling Green and 'Honor Killings' in U.S. Human Rights Abuse? Trump Plan Will Separate Immigrant Children From Their Parents The Right Wing Every Bizarre Trump Eruption Is a Rehearsal for When It Really Matters News & Politics 4 Ways to Stay Mentally Fit If You're Struggling With the Political Mess We Are In The Right Wing Trump's Generals Will Build on Obama Policies Toward a Permanent State of War for the U.S. News & Politics Trump's 'School Choice' Plan: Religious Fundamentalism at Taxpayer Expense World How the U.S. Created a Human Rights Disaster in Honduras—and How It Can Be Stopped News & Politics Khizr Khan Forced to Cancel Toronto Trip After Being Told His Travel Privileges Are Being 'Reviewed' Immigration Locked in Limbo: Ankle Monitors Hinder Immigrant Families Success News & Politics Disabled Cancer Survivor Invited by Maryland Democrat to Attend Trump's Speech: 'I Am Terrified by Trump's Push to End Obamacare' Labor Social Self-Defense: Labor Must Embrace the Anti-Trump Resistance to Fight for the Working Class Environment Trump Policy Could Wipe Out Endangered Gorillas on the Brink of Extinction—but You Can Help Save Them News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals Vampire Webpages Suck Content From Legitimate Progressive News Sites Human Rights Abuse? Trump Plan Will Separate Immigrant Children From Their Parents How the U.S. Created a Human Rights Disaster in Honduras—and How It Can Be Stopped ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Classical * Violin * Guitar * More Tags... Industry News * Music * More Industries... News By Place * New York City   New York   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News March 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Happy 339th Birthday Vivaldi-Celebrate with Great Kat's Blistering Guitar/Violin on The Four Seasons VIVALDI'S "THE FOUR SEASONS" Music Video – from Upcoming New Great Kat DVD out in 2017!     Happy 339th Birthday Vivaldi! Celebrate with Great Kat Vivaldi The Four Seasons   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Classical • Violin • Guitar Industry: • Music Location: • New York City - New York - USNEW YORK - March 4, 2017 - PRLog -- HAPPY 339th BIRTHDAY VIVALDI! (born March 4, 1678) Celebrate Antonio Vivaldi's Birthday with THE GREAT KAT'S ("Top 10 Fastest Shredders Of All Time"/Juilliard Violin Virtuoso) Blistering GUITAR/VIOLIN Shredding on VIVALDI'S "THE FOUR SEASONS" Music Video  – from Upcoming New Great Kat DVD out in 2017! YouTube: https://youtu.be/R_hn7HKHbDs iTunes Videos: https://itunes.apple.com/us/music-video/vivaldis-the-four-seasons/id573040803 Amazon Prime: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01M1H4E70 Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/greatkatguitarshredder/videos/vl.1530557180560925/10154378192510243/ Also heard on "Call Of Duty: Ghosts" Tesco TV Commercial: https://youtu.be/6tW_ik2J000 The Great Kat Web Site: http://www.greatkat.com PRESS/TV/RADIO: Get your FREE AUTOGRAPHED CD REVIEW COPY of The Great Kat's "Bloody Vivaldi" CD Featuring Vivaldi's "The Four Seasons" & To Set up Great Kat Interviews:  contact: Karen Thomas, Thomas PR: karent@thomas-pr.com 631-549-7578 or Toll Free (US & Canada Only) 800-KAT-8664 On iTunes Videos: https://itunes.apple.com/us/music-video/vivaldis-the-four... http://www.greatkat.com PHOTOS: http://www.greatkat.com/08/videos/vivaldisthefourseasons15logo41200x1600.jpg http://www.greatkat.com/08/videos/vivaldisthefourseasons85logo1.jpg http://www.greatkat.com/08/videos/vivaldisthefourseasons19logo3.jpg About The Great Kat: Legendary Guitar/Violin Double Virtuoso, The Great Kat http://www.greatkat.com is the world-famous Juilliard graduate Classical Violin Virtuoso/Carnegie Recital Hall Violin Soloist/Winner of "Artists International Competition". The Great Kat performed as a Prodigy Violin Soloist for NYC Mayor Ed Koch at Gracie Mansion and for Coahuila, Mexico Governor Flores Tapia at the Centennial of General Vito Alessio Robles' birth and at the famous Teatro Fernando Soler in Saltillo, Mexico and was awarded the "Certificate of Merit" from New York Governor Mario Cuomo. The Great Kat is now the world's fastest Shred Guitar Virtuoso/"TOP 10 FASTEST SHREDDERS OF ALL TIME" (Guitar One Magazine)/ "FAMOUS JUILLIARD SCHOOL ALUMNI" (Ranker.com)/Reincarnation of Beethoven and the ONLY Guitar-Violin Double Virtuoso since Niccolo Paganini. Timothy Leary, cultural icon collaborated with The Great Kat Violin Virtuoso on the rock song "Right Brain Lover". Retailing giant Tesco is now featuring The Great Kat's virtuoso Vivaldi's "The Four Seasons" music in the TV commercial for the popular Activision video game "Call of Duty: Ghosts" http://youtu.be/6tW_ik2J000 . Warner Music Group has just released The Great Kat's legendary "Worship Me Or Die!" and "Beethoven On Speed" Speed Metal Albums as digital downloads on iTunes and more: https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/worship-me-or-die!/id1086423634 & https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/beethoven-on-speed/id1089012301 ."Beethoven On Speed" and "Beethoven Shreds" are now featured in "America's Beethoven" Exhibit at the "American Beethoven Society". MVD Entertainment Group is distributing The Great Kat's Albums & Music Videos worldwide http://mvdb2b.com/s/GreatKatBeethovenShreds/TPR0006. The Great Kat's CDs,DVDs & Downloads are available at Walmart, Amazon, Target, iTunes, Barnes and Noble and more stores worldwide. BBC Radio's "The Arts Hour" features The Great Kat Shredding Beethoven's "5th Symphony" and Interview from "Fast And Furioso" Show (heard on BBC Radio 4). More info: http://www.greatkat.com. Contact: Karen Thomas, Thomas Public Relations, Inc: karent@thomas-pr.com 631-549-7578 http://www.greatkat.com Links: The Great Kat Website: http://www.greatkat.com iTunes Music: http://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/great-kat/id384709526 iTunes Video: http://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/the-great-kat/id368743108 Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/greatkatguitarshredder Walmart: https://www.walmart.com/search/?query=%22the%20great%20kat%22 Twitter: http://twitter.com/greatkatguitar and https://twitter.com/greatkatviolin YouTube: https://youtu.be/R_hn7HKHbDs YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/KthomasPR Instagram: http://instagram.com/greatkatguitar Ringtones: http://www.greatkat.com/ringtones/greatkatringtones.html Warner Music: Great Kat's Legendary "WORSHIP ME OR DIE!" & "BEETHOVEN ON SPEED" Albums on Warner Music https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/worship-me-or-die!/id1086423634 & https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/beethoven-on-speed/id1089012301 The Great Kat Albums & Music Videos on MVD Entertainment Group: http://mvdb2b.com/s/GreatKatBeethovenShreds/TPR0006 End Source : Thomas PR Email : ***@thomas-pr.com Tags : Classical, Violin, Guitar Industry : Music Location : New York City - New York - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Thomas Public Relations PRs YouTube Videos: Beethoven Interview & Tantrum Meme From The Great Kat-Fastest Guitar/Violin Shredder Happy Birthday Rimsky-Korsakov! Celebrate with Great Kat's Guitar/Violin on Flight of the Bumble-Bee iTunes Videos & Apple Music Premiere "Terror" New Music Video About 9/11 From The Great Kat! Happy Mardi Gras & Rossini's 225th Birthday! Celebrate with The Great Kat's Insane Music Videos! Just in Time for Mardi Gras – iTunes Videos Premieres Great Kat's Bazzini's Round of the Goblins Trending News Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine North Florida Land Trust urges legislators to do the right thing and properly fund land conservation Income& Named a Finalist in First Annual LendIt Awards One Thousand Dollar Scholarship Available CatWise Cat Café Tour Presented by Wellness® at Philly's Kawaii Kitty Café Top Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Top Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views Top Daily News Pet Professional Guild publishes open letter to pet industry associations on the use of shock - 760 views Tile Outlets of America Realigns Management Roles in Tampa, Sarasota and Fort Myers - 434 views Grid Modernization Forum in Chicago to Examine Progress on New York REV and other Key Initiati - 226 views Airstream Jets adds Embraer Legacy 450 to Jet Card Program - 197 views Vistaar Technologies & Accenture to Host Webinar on Pricing Approaches for Commodity-Driven Busine - 195 views Top Weekly News March for Science Los Angeles to take place on April 22 in downtown Los Angeles - 2027 views United Premier Soccer League Announces National Schedule for 2017 Spring Season - 1870 views Muslims for Progressive Values Appoints Educator and LGBT rights Leader Kevin Jennings to its Board - 1500 views Bridge Alliance accepted into UT-Dallas Venture Development Center - 1424 views Texas Personal Injury Law Firm,The Pinkerton Law Firm, PLLC, Announces New Partner Benjamin R. Roberts - 1019 views PTC News Northwood Estates Coming Soon, Join VIP List - 434 views Cavium to Showcase Extensive Portfolio of Solutions for 5G Infrastructure at MWC 2017 - 311 views Lennar's Heritage Vineyard Creek Grand Opens Saturday, March 4 - 306 views Lennar's Mariposa at The Lakes Grand Opens With Success - 240 views Lennar's The Grove Grand Opens with success - 230 views Mar 04, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Game played at school may curb bad habits News National retailers step up the pace of store closures hhgregg is closing its Baltimore-area stores. hhgregg announced it was closing all six of its Baltimore-area stories. hhgregg announced it was closing all six of its Baltimore-area stories. Lorraine MirabellaContact ReporterThe Baltimore Sun National retail chains are closing hundreds of stores and more are on the way. Retailers are disappearing from shopping centers in Maryland and throughout the United States at a pace not seen in years as familiar brands go out of business or attempt to stay alive by closing some stores. Online shopping has changed how people buy things, and retailers that fall between discount and luxury are struggling the most. This year alone, at least 13 retailers are closing more than 1,500 stores nationwide. The Limited and Wet Seal — with more than 400 apparel stores between them — have gone the way of Sports Authority and Radio Shack, disappearing altogether. Consumers are visiting stores less frequently and increasingly turning to computers and mobile devices to browse, shop for deals and complete purchases. Such shifts mean retailers need fewer physical stores and less space and inventory at a time when the nation is already "overstored," experts said. "It's going to be a very difficult year," said Mark Millman, president and CEO of Millman Search Group, a retail consulting and executive search firm. "We are over-retailed. Mall traffic is down in every center. The consolidation will be increasing." Outlet shopping center visits are up as two Maryland projects move forward Lorraine Mirabella If there's one thing American consumers can't resist, it's a bargain, so as shopping malls struggle to stay relevant in the internet age of convenience and choice, outlet centers offering popular sports and fashion apparel name brands are gaining ground. Visits to outlet centers, which continue... If there's one thing American consumers can't resist, it's a bargain, so as shopping malls struggle to stay relevant in the internet age of convenience and choice, outlet centers offering popular sports and fashion apparel name brands are gaining ground. Visits to outlet centers, which continue... (Lorraine Mirabella) He said his firm is gearing up to help liquidators staff the many going-out-of-business sales that retailers run when winding down operations. "Liquidators are telling me it's the worst they've seen in 30 years," Millman said. "The number of closings are fast and furious." Store-closing announcements typically come after the dust settles from the crucial holiday selling period and after retailers report and assess end-of-year sales and profits. Many retailers turned in disappointing financial results this past holiday season and are looking to trim costs. Others have chosen not to renew leases when they expire. Macy's, JCPenney and Kohl's offering some of the biggest Black Friday discounts, WalletHub says Lorraine Mirabella Macy's, JCPenney, Kohl's and Sears are among retailers offering the biggest advertised discounts for Black Friday, according to a WalletHub survey. WalletHub, a credit score and credit report website, surveyed 8,000 deals from 35 of the biggest U.S. retailers' advertisements for the day after Thanksgiving... Macy's, JCPenney, Kohl's and Sears are among retailers offering the biggest advertised discounts for Black Friday, according to a WalletHub survey. WalletHub, a credit score and credit report website, surveyed 8,000 deals from 35 of the biggest U.S. retailers' advertisements for the day after Thanksgiving... (Lorraine Mirabella) This year, many retailers renting space in older or less successful shopping centers are choosing that option, said Farla Efros, president of HRC Retail Advisory in Toronto. A trip to the mall is not the social outing it once was, she said. "What's happening is the traffic is completely dropping off for those malls," Efros said. "Trips overall are down, and I believe it's the new normal. I don't believe there will be an upsurge in people running to the malls. ... People are using e-commerce to browse, and when they are at the point of purchase ... that's when they make the trip to the mall." Last week, electronics and appliance retailer hhgregg said it would close all its Maryland stores, including six in the Baltimore area, as it pulls out of the Mid-Atlantic. Abercrombie & Fitch announced plans to shutter about 60 U.S. stores when leases expire. And shoe retailer Crocs Inc. said it expects to close about 160 stores by the end of 2019, cutting its store count by a fifth. Those announcements follow a spate of others since the beginning of the year. BCBG Max Azria Group, which filed for bankruptcy last week, began closing about 120 U.S. stores in February, saying it's adapting to "fundamental changes in the industry, including how customers shop," and focusing on its digital and web channels and selected retail locations and in-store boutiques. The BCBG closings include a factory store in Arundel Mills in Hanover and two mall stores, at Towson Town Center in Towson and at Wisconsin Place in Chevy Chase. The women's apparel retailer still will operate in-store boutiques at Lord & Taylor locations in Annapolis, Columbia, White Flint Mall in Kensington and Lake Forest Mall in Gaithersburg, a spokeswoman said. The Limited closed all its 250 stores, including six in the Baltimore area, as the chain stumbled into bankruptcy. Family Christian closed all its 240 bookstores, including one in Elkridge. "In an increasingly challenging environment for mall-based retail and women's apparel, we are very disappointed that the company has had to make the difficult decision to close its retail locations," Sun Capital Partners Inc., the private equity firm that owned The Limited, told Reuters in an emailed statement at the time of the closings. JCPenney, Sears and Kmart all are closing stores this spring, while Macy's said in August it would close 100 of 730 stores, though no Maryland closings have been announced. JCPenney, which has six Baltimore-area stores, said it will identify the 140 stores it plans to close by mid-March, with liquidation sales slated to start by late spring. Sears Holdings has announced it will close 108 Kmart stores and 42 Sears stores this spring, with the Kmart on North Point Boulevard outside Baltimore among them. Many department stores have lost ground to mass discounters such as Wal-Mart and Target that have worked to improve service and selection and can offer lower prices, said Jie Zhang, a marketing professor at the University of Maryland's Robert H. Smith School of Business. "They're all retailers competing in the middle-of-the-road spectrum when it comes to price points, service, assortment, and they've been having a more and more difficult time differentiating themselves from competitors," Zhang said. "They don't have a unique value proposition." That doesn't mean some stores aren't doing well. Chains that specialize in home improvement, optical services and pet supplies are booming, Millman said. Home Depot, for instance, has performed well in a strong housing market because it caters to both do-it-yourself consumers and commercial contractors. Pet-supply stores have made the in-store experience an attractive one for pet owners and their animals. And optical services are an in-store necessity for an aging population, he said. "If you have trouble seeing," he said, "that's one area ... you can't put off." The stores that have made it easiest for customers to shop when and where they want, whether online or in stores, have fared better than those that have failed to develop a strong web-based shopping platform, Zhang said. "hhgregg is not one of those retailers," she said. "Even though it has online stores, it has not been at the forefront of developing multi-channel" options. Efros said the "supercenter" concept featuring big-box retailers that was popular a decade ago is likely on the way out as well. Less inventory is required because customers have become accustomed to using store kiosks to get out-of-stock inventory shipped to them. "The retailers that are doing well are the ones that have smaller formats" and lower fixed costs such as electricity and labor, Efros said. "The whole role of the store is different." lorraine.mirabella@baltsun.com lorraine.mirabella@baltsun.com 2017 store closings Affecting Baltimore American Apparel: all 110 stores, including one in Federal Hill BCBG Max Azria: 120 U.S. stores, including one in Towson and one at Arundel Mills Family Christian: all 240 stores, including one in Elkridge hhgregg: 88 stores, including all six in the Baltimore-area Sears/Kmart: 150 stores, including a Kmart on North Point Blvd. in Dundalk, leaving 10 Sears and 4 Kmarts in Baltimore region The Limited: all 250 stores, including six in the Baltimore area Wet Seal: all 171 stores, including at least six in Baltimore region Possibly affecting Baltimore Abercrombie & Fitch: 60 stores; it has stores in Columbia and Towson JCPenney: up to 140 stores, with list due in mid-March; five Baltimore-area stores Macy's: 100 stores, but none of its seven Baltimore-area locations was included in the 68 closings announced in January Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Sears Holdings Corp. The Home Depot Shoppers hit the malls, plazas for Black Friday Macy's to close about 100 stores, could include some in Maryland Electronics retailer hhgregg to close 88 stores, including all in Maryland Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 43°
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Pique News A&E Opinion Food & Drink Features & Images Events Sports Classifieds Browse News Whistler Sea to Sky Tourism Politics Mountain News Environment Bear Update Submit a News Tip News Archives Budget 2016 Browse A&E Arts Film Music Festivals Theatre Book Reviews Listings A&E Archives Browse Opinion Letters to the editor Editorial Maxed Out Alta States Pique'n yer interest Range Rover Whistler Past Tense Odd Job Dot Comrade Gwynne Dyer Science Matters Cybernaut Pique Blog Submit a Letter to the Editor Opinion Archives Browse Food & Drink Epicurious Glenda Bartosh on Food Anthony Gismondi on Wine Chef's Choice Food News Whistler Restaurant Listings Food & Drink Archives Browse Features & Images Feature Story Travel Partial Recall Mountain Mythic Best of Whistler TED2015 Best of Pemberton Horoscopes Whistler 2020 Pique Giveaways Browse Images Browse Digital Version Features Archives Browse Events Pique Forward Music Listings A&E Listings Food & Drink Listings Events & Festivals Mountain Listings Sports Listings Community Listings Conference Listings Submit an event Browse Sports Upcoming Results Features Columnists Sports Calendar Sports Archives Browse Classifieds Whistler Jobs Long Term Accommodation Short Term Accommodation Vacation Rentals Seeking Accommodation Real Estate Wanted - Misc Automotive Marketplace Garage Sales Home Services Business Services Health and Wellbeing Community Listing Education Highway 99 Weather Avalanche Advisory Youtube Username / View Profile / Edit / Log Out Log in / Create Account March 03, 2017 News » Whistler Last chance to have your say on corridor-wide transit  BC Transit holds open house in Whistler By Braden Dupuis UP THE ROAD Whistler residents discuss a proposed corridor-wide transit project with a BC Transit employee at an open house at the Whistler Public Library on March 2. Consultations on proposed Sea to Sky corridor-wide transit are about to come to a close. Interested parties have until Mon., March 6 to share their thoughts on the project with BC Transit. More details — including an online survey — can be found at www.bctransit.com/seatosky. A public open house was held at the Whistler Public Library on Thurs., March 2. The open house follows an initial round of public consultation that took place last year. "It's been very exciting," said Lisa Trotter, BC Transit's senior regional transit manager, noting that 2,700 online surveys were filled out in the first round of consultation. "We found out from that process a little bit about where people want to go, how often they're travelling the corridor, and we've also found out that there's definitely a keen interest in this project — both to relieve congestion on the highway and to just have other modes of transportation," Trotter said. There are some high-level costs being associated with the project, but the true expense of expanding transportation from Mount Currie to the Lower Mainland won't be known until somewhere down the road. "As we get further along in this process we'll develop schedules, and those schedules will tell us a little bit more about the frequency, so that's going to play into what the costs will be," Trotter said. "These things are still to be determined through this phase of the public engagement, and ultimately what will happen is we'll put all of that into a report that will be delivered in the spring of 2017, that will go out to all the local governments and then that will be the basis for our decision making." Decisions around funding mechanisms will ultimately lie with local governments, Trotter added. "For us, it's really about providing the information," she said. "So we'll do all the planning, we'll talk to the public, we'll make sure that we've got it right in terms of what we're hearing from the public, and then we'll start to put together plans around bus stops, around schedules, around some high-level costs for what that would look like, and then present that information in our report." One idea being discussed by local governments is the implementation of a fuel tax — www.piquenewsmagazine.com/whistler/last-chance-to-have-your-say-on-corridor-wide-transit/Content?oid=3038047 One attendee to the open house, who declined to give her name, said she rides the bus all the time and the Whistler service is wonderful — she just hopes that whatever mechanism is put in place, it doesn't erode the local transit system. " target="_blank"It was lovely when we had that service (from 2006 to 2011) and you could go down to Wal-Mart and you could go down to London Drugs and you could come back... I don't think it affected the local stuff," said the woman, a Whistler resident of 20 years. The service would also help bring frontline staff from other communities such as Mount Currie, she added. "It's the time for it, it's a matter of just organizing it and getting it done," she said. Lil'wat Nation residents will be able to weigh in at an open house on Sat., March 4 at the Ullus Community Complex's Mezzanine Room from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., while Pembertonians can do the same from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. at the Pemberton and District Community Centre's Activity Room B. Tags: Whistler Share Tweet Email Print More Whistler » Comments Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread Readers also liked… Whistler's Creekside Village heading for a makeover B.C. consulting group hired to help plan future of the shopping area by Clare Ogilvie Jul 23, 2015 Douglas First Nation receives government jobs grant Grant worth $405K will support band members' own entrepreneurial projects by Brandon Barrett Feb 2, 2017 The Moment / Popular / Commented March 6, 2017, 10:00 AM Updated: Vancouver man identified as victim of Callaghan avalanche Engineer Corey Lynam, 33, leaves behind a wife and young son More... March 5, 2017, 10:35 AM Avalanche kills man in Callaghan Valley Body of 33-year-old man discovered yesterday afternoon More... March 4, 2017, 10:00 AM Abbotsford student dies on ski trip to Whistler Fourteen-year-old male was found unresponsive below cliff area on Blackcomb Mountain More... March 2, 2017, 1:00 AM Lil'wat fields first crop of culinary arts graduates More... March 2, 2017, 1:03 AM Lil'wat, Squamish nations sign 60-year agreement with WB Deal key to provincial Approval More... February 26, 2017, 12:35 PM Snowboarder dies in fall on Whistler Mountain Male was found unresponsive in out-of-bounds area on Friday More... February 27, 2017, 9:00 AM Gateway Loop project to improve 'arrival experience' Officials torn over $6.8M price tag More... February 23, 2017, 1:00 AM 'The national park system is under severe threat' Can Parks Canada balance its conservation mandate with a desire to increase tourism? More... March 1, 2017, 2:00 PM Walk Off the Earth, Keys N Krates headline 10 days of WSSF music Ozomatli, Busty and the Bass, Busta Rhymes, Chris Buck Band, Virginia and Vegas also perform on main stage in April More... Latest in Whistler Vancouver man identified as victim of Callaghan avalanche Engineer Corey Lynam, 33, leaves behind a wife and young son by Brandon Barrett Mar 6, 2017 Avalanche kills man in Callaghan Valley Body of 33-year-old man discovered yesterday afternoon by Brandon Barrett Mar 5, 2017 Abbotsford student dies on ski trip to Whistler Fourteen-year-old male was found unresponsive below cliff area on Blackcomb Mountain by Brandon Barrett Mar 4, 2017 More » More by Braden Dupuis Whistler Excellence Awards nominations close Monday Annual Whistler Chamber gala set for May 11 by Braden Dupuis Mar 3, 2017 Insurers urge governments to act on climate change 2016 was record year for insurance claims, topping $4.9 Billion by Braden Dupuis Feb 20, 2017 FE&A adds emphasis to local events Youth Games aim to replicate success of Whistler Cup by Braden Dupuis Feb 17, 2017 More » Features & Images March 2, 2017 Sleeping through the dream Images and impressions from the housing crisis More. Sports March 2, 2017 Thompson wins Crystal Globe Ski-cross racer back on top for third time with final races of season ahead More. Opinion March 2, 2017 Line by line, it all adds up More. A&E March 2, 2017 WSS actors go Back to the Future Students rewrite film to fit the stage at the Maury Young Arts Centre, but where will they park the DeLorean? More. Food & Drink March 2, 2017 Eighty One: Don't call it a coffee shop Main Street space connects the entrepreneurs, professionals and creatives of Whistler More. Events Mon., March 20, 7-9 p.m. and Mon., April 3, 7-9 p.m. Games Night @ Whistler Public Library Drop in to enjoy the free fun and games. Play strategy board games such as... More. About Us | Distribution Points | Contact Us | Subscriptions | Copyright & Privacy | FAQ - Whistler | Jobs @ Pique © 1994-2017 Pique Publishing Inc., Glacier Community Media - Website powered by Foundation
Search Connect Menu Search Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Featured Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society Must Reads Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine  PoliticsNews Trump Surveillance Allegation Could Trace to Reported Court Order  Security News Experts Differ on Whether Trump’s New Travel Ban Makes America Safer Health Care News House Republicans Release Text of Obamacare Repeal, Conservatives Call for Action ‘Now’ EconomyNews Trump’s Mixed Signals on Export-Import Bank Leave Door Open for Conservatives  Security News Experts Differ on Whether Trump’s New Travel Ban Makes America Safer  SecurityCommentary Why Trump’s Revised Executive Order Is Constitutional, Legal, and Common Sense Education News Professors, Students Demand College Start Fund for Illegal Immigrants  Security News Trump Signs Revised Travel Ban Targeting ‘Foreign Terrorist Entry’ Health Care News House Republicans Release Text of Obamacare Repeal, Conservatives Call for Action ‘Now’ Health Care News For One Conservative, 2017 Looks Similar to 2009 Obamacare Debate  PoliticsNews Trump’s 5 Health Care Principles, Explained   Politics News Trump Outlines Agenda for ‘New Chapter of American Greatness’   Politics News Trump Outlines Agenda for ‘New Chapter of American Greatness’ Education News Betsy DeVos Confronts Transgender Controversy at CPAC Law Commentary Neil Gorsuch’s Proven Track Record of Protecting Religious Liberty Law Commentary Neil Gorsuch Is Trump’s Best Revenge for Judicial Activism  Security News Experts Differ on Whether Trump’s New Travel Ban Makes America Safer  Security News Trump Signs Revised Travel Ban Targeting ‘Foreign Terrorist Entry’ Security Commentary Kansas City Bombing Scheme Becomes First Terror Plot of 2017  Security News At CPAC, Panelists Discuss Role Vetting, Assimilation Play in National Security Security News ‘We Have to Forgive Them’: Front Lines in Ukraine Divide Families and Friends Security News Amid War, Ukraine’s Population Continues to Dwindle Security News Why Russian Military Aggression Has Backfired on Moscow Security Feature 3 Years After the Revolution, Peace Remains Elusive in Ukraine EconomyCommentary Don’t Blame the Trade Deficit for America’s Economic Problems Patrick Tyrrell / March 03, 2017 / Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print A new report from the U.S. trade representative implies that U.S. trade deals going back to the 1980s are linked to a decline in U.S. households' economic well-being. (Photo: iStock Photos) Commentary By Patrick Tyrrell Patrick Tyrrell is a research coordinator in The Heritage Foundation’s Center for Data Analysis. A new report from the United States trade representative links America’s trade deficit with other countries to trade deals entered into going back to the Reagan administration. Those deal include the North American Free Trade Agreement, the Uruguay Round Agreements that created the World Trade Organization, China’s 2001 Protocol of  Accession  to  the  World Trade Organization, and a series of others. The report notes that in 2000, the U.S. trade deficit in manufactured goods was $317 billion, but by 2016 this had grown to $648 billion. It says that “[o]ur trade deficit in goods and services with China soared from $81.9 billion in 2000 [the last full year before China joined the World Trade Organization] to almost $334 billion in 2015.” The report further states that “the largest trade deal implemented during the Obama administration—our free trade agreement with South Korea—has coincided with a dramatic increase in our trade deficit with that country.” The report then implies that the trade deficit caused the typical American household’s economic situation to get worse since 2000, and that in reducing the trade deficit we would be improving the plight of the typical American household. The problem with this analysis is that the trade deficit did not make things worse for the typical American household. A trade deficit should not be used as a reason to legislatively prohibit everyone in the U.S. from buying low-priced goods. In fact, Americans are better off when we have the freedom to pay lower prices at Wal-Mart, or when buying a new automobile containing parts from around the world, for instance. It is true that some workers are displaced by low-priced imports. While this is sad, other workers—like those employed in the retail sector or in industries using imported intermediate goods to make their products—actually need those low-priced imports to stay employed. In reality, many of the problems listed in the report were caused by decades of high and complicated taxes, ever-increasing regulations on businesses, and growing uncertainty by business owners about how the rule of law will apply to their businesses. Before blaming the trade deficit as the scapegoat, it would be wise to review the words of President Ronald Reagan in discussing trade deficits toward the end of his successful presidency: We hear talk about the trade deficit, but we must beware of single-entry bookkeeping. The other side of the ledger shows that the growing, dynamic United States economy has attracted $159 billion in foreign capital into the United States. Trade deficits and inflows of foreign capital are not necessarily a sign of an economy’s weakness. During the first 100 years of our nation’s history, while we were developing from an agricultural colony to the industrial leader of the world, the United States ran a trade deficit. And now, as we’re leading a global movement from the industrial age to the information age, we continue to attract investment from around the world. Now, some people call this debt. By that way of thinking, every time a company sold stock it would be a sign of weakness, and it would be much better to be a company nobody wanted to invest in rather than one everybody wanted to invest in. Take the case of high-tech, high-growth California. Milton Friedman argues that California’s external debt—to other states and other countries—almost certainly dwarfs the external debt of the United States. Does this augur bad days ahead for California? On the contrary, one might argue it’s a sign of strength. Historically, fast-growing economies often run deficits in the trade of goods and services, experiencing net capital investment from abroad. This predictable and, up to a point, desirable process has been accentuated by slow growth in parts of Europe and the need for debt-ridden third world nations to generate trade surpluses to service their debt. Germany, which has actually lost half-a-million jobs in the last 10 years, has a trade surplus in goods. Mexico has a trade surplus in goods. The United States, which has been the engine keeping the world economy moving forward, has a trade deficit because our growing economy enables us to buy their goods. Over time, however, these imbalances should be reduced, and there are two ways to do it: We can become more like them, or they can become more like us. We can raise taxes, reregulate our economy, and adopt protectionist legislation of the kind now being considered in Congress. That will effectively slow growth in this nation and stifle international trade. We won’t be able to buy their goods and, certainly, no one will want to invest in the United States. The world can all shrink together, and we can all look forward to hearing the experts once again pontificating about convergence and the limits to growth. The other solution is for them to become more like us: to adopt low-tax, pro-growth policies; to encourage trade, not discourage it—to make it freer and fairer and more plentiful; to join with the other nations in a cooperative, upward cycle of growth in which all participate; to embrace the possibilities of the new world economy. In fact, we’re beginning to see this happen. Several major industrialized countries have followed the U.S. lead in cutting high marginal tax rates to spur growth. These changes and other market forces are already causing the volume of U.S. exports to boom, with continued growth expected. -President Ronald Reagan Partial remarks at the City Club of Cleveland, Ohio — Jan. 11, 1988 The Daily Signal depends on the support of readers like you. Donate now Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print Trending Join The Discussion Back to Top Featured Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine Home Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society More Information Authors About The Daily Signal Contact Us Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Copyright Information About The Heritage Foundation Donate Connect with us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Get Free Alerts from The Daily Signal Join the millions of people who benefit from The Daily Signal’s fair, accurate, trustworthy reporting with direct access to: Intelligence from inside Washington Deep policy understanding from over 100 experts Your privacy is important to us Don’t have time to read the Washington Post or New York Times? Then get The Morning Bell, an early morning edition of the day’s most important political news, conservative commentary and original reporting from a team committed to following the truth no matter where it leads. Email address Ever feel like the only difference between the New York Times and Washington Post is the name? We do. Try the Morning Bell and get the day’s most important news and commentary from a team committed to the truth in formats that respect your time…and your intelligence. Email address ﻿
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments3 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Post's View Opinion Opinion Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Will the grand Republican tax plan work? The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) in Washington. (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg) By Editorial Board By Editorial Board March 3 Follow postopinions ONCE AGAIN, tax reform is on the agenda in Washington, and this time there’s a genuinely radical idea under discussion: the House Republicans’ plan for a new “border adjustment” corporate income tax. It would, they say, transform the sluggish United States into a much better place to invest and create jobs. Would it work? The answer depends, in part, on who’s right — economists or lobbyists. The House GOP plan would sweep aside the corporate tax system with its 35 percent maximum marginal rate, the highest such rate in the industrialized world but one riddled with loopholes. In its place, there would be a new 20 percent flat rate levied only on income earned in the United States. To offset the huge loss of revenue, the plan eliminates the deductibility of imports as a business expense, as well as a few other large deductions. The net effect is a big reduction in the after-tax cost of doing business within the United States — paid for by foreign exporters. Economists (at least those who like the idea) believe it creates fresh incentives to locate economic activity — and register ownership of intellectual property — within the United States, to export rather than import, and to finance businesses with equity rather than debt. Other things being equal, that could improve tax efficiency and domestic job creation. To those who fear a sudden hit to import-dependent businesses and their customers, advocates respond that the tax plan would trigger an offsetting rise in the dollar exchange rate. Yes, there would be short-term winners (agricultural exporters) and losers (big retailers of Chinese goods). But America as a whole would be better off, long term. This is where the lobbyists for interests as varied as Koch Industries (major importers of crude oil), Walmart and the people who sell imported fish to grocery stores weigh in, with a hundred real-world arguments about how the economists’ happy scenario might go awry. What if our erstwhile trading partners do not go along with our attempt to get rich at the expense of their export industries, and sue at the World Trade Organization instead? Or what if they respond with retaliatory currency manipulation? Nice as it might be for the United States, a much stronger dollar would hammer developing countries such as Brazil, Chile and Indonesia, which owe hundreds of billions of dollars in U.S.-denominated debt. Yes, yes, we know: America First. But is it really in our national interest to put major emerging markets at sudden risk of bankruptcy? In truth, neither economists, with their sweeping intellectual constructs, nor lobbyists, with their inherently self-interested takes on the issues, enjoy a reputation for infallible forecasting. Still, this may be one case in which the latter’s stake in the actual operation of the U.S. economy creates an advantage, in terms of practical realism. As it happens, there are already proposals to cut corporate rates and close loopholes less radically but also, quite possibly, less disruptively than the border-adjustment proposal. House Republicans and the Obama administration floated them in 2014 and 2012, respectively. Those plans deserve a second look before lawmakers take this leap. Read more on this topic: Robert J. Samuelson: Why tax reform will be a slog The Post’s View: How the new treasury secretary can prove he’s serious about the job Lawrence Summers: On tax reform, take a page from Ronald Reagan George F. Will: An administration official with a Rubik’s Cube to solve The Post’s View: Trump’s proposed tax ‘reform’ is hardly reform at all opinions Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 3 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 3 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Opinion The Trump Experiment may come to an early tipping point 2 Opinion The religious right is steeling itself for a Biblical battle on Trump’s behalf 3 Analysis Trump’s revised travel ban is still cruel and still unconstitutional 4 Opinion At the root of Trump’s new fury: Total contempt for American democracy 5 Opinion It’s the truth according to Trump. Believe it. Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Latest Editorials Trump may regret asking for an investigation into wiretapping Gavin Grimm will graduate without justice Trump’s new travel ban is as arbitrary and senseless as the first washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Finance How Will Trump’s Policies Affect the U.S. Economy? Feb 01, 2017 Asia-Pacific China Europe Latin America North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote In a political environment skewed by fake news and “alternative facts,” the real impact of President Donald Trump’s policies is easily obscured. At the recent Tarnopol Dean’s Lecture Series on the Trump administration and the economy, Wharton experts offered their unvarnished take on the impact of these policies on the capital markets, the dollar, economic growth and job creation — and backed them with analysis based on data. After closing above 20,000 for the first time, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has been giving back some of its gains of late amid a flurry of Trump mandates: escalation of a trade war with Mexico, anchored by a 20% tariff on its goods; making good on a promise to exit the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal in Asia; and instituting a temporary immigration ban on seven mainly Muslim countries that could hurt the quality of the U.S. workforce — especially in Silicon Valley — among others. Initially, the Dow was buoyed by Trump’s proposal to substantially cut corporate taxes, roll back many regulations and spend on infrastructure. “Investors and businesses very much like the Republican agenda. Notice I didn’t say the Trump agenda,” says Wharton finance professor Jeremy Siegel. “Why do they like the Republican agenda? Lower corporate taxes, less regulation, lower taxes on interest and dividend income. All that is very, very good for investors.” Siegel lays out the bull case: “If there’s a significant corporate tax cut, and most people expect there to be one, that could add 10% to earnings in and of itself. So that alone, you could say, could give 10% to the stock market. In addition, you have a cut back in regulations, which is something again that both investors and businesses want, that could be another boost that some people say could be worth 10%.” He notes that those projections do not even include potential gains from infrastructure spending. “If there’s a significant corporate tax cut … that could add 10% to earnings in and of itself. So that alone, you could say, could give 10% to the stock market.” –Jeremy Siegel However, U.S. stocks have been whipsawed lately by Trump’s other orders. “What the market doesn’t like is most of the Trump agenda that is not part of the Republican agenda — clearly, big tariffs on imports, such moves as restricting immigration in a significant way, currency wars — anything like that is very anti-Republican,” Siegel says. The market has moved up “cautiously” because it is yet unsure whether Trump will follow the Republican path all the way. “I’m not going to put all my marbles there yet because anything can happen under Trump.” The bear case is that the economy will take a big drubbing if trade wars break out. Siegel says that many Republicans believe the high Smoot-Hawley tariffs in the 1930s that taxed thousands of imported goods led to the Great Depression. While Siegel himself — along with most macroeconomists — does not agree with that premise (believing the cause was monetary collapse and the Federal Reserve’s inaction), if protectionism does break out globally, it would be disastrous depending on its magnitude. “If there is a trade war, the market would react extremely negatively,” he says. “We’d be down 10% to 15%.” Coming Trade War? Wharton international management professor Mauro Guillen says protectionism is a “terrible idea.” Trade barriers have been enacted in the recent past, such as President Nixon levying a 10% tariff across the board in the early 1970s. “Every time you’re introducing protectionism, you’re hurting the consumer.” There’s also the issue of substitution. If a 20% tariff on Mexican goods was put in place, it is not certain that people would automatically buy more products that are made in America. “Some consumers and companies will say, instead of buying from Mexico, I’m going to buy from an American-based producer, or they could go to China or Indonesia, or Costa Rica,” Guillen adds. “It’s not clear how the issue is going to play out.” Moreover, many U.S. companies will have to scramble to adapt quickly to a major shift in rules. “Many other companies that source components from China will be caught off guard,” Guillen says. “They’ve been doing business, they’ve been making investments, they’ve been making decisions for a long time assuming a certain set of rules. Now, if those rules change overnight, they’re going to find themselves in a very difficult situation.” Sponsored Content: Guillen further questions the rationale behind choosing to launch a trade war with Mexico, whose exports make up about 10% to 12% of the U.S. trade deficit. “Why pick a fight with Mexico? … The problem is broader than that.” He also points out that the 18% devaluation in the Mexican peso — since Trump won the election — could offset the 20% proposed tariff. Overall, Guillen says the larger question for Trump and his policies is this: “What are you trying to accomplish?” When it comes to trade, Siegel explains that Trump’s point is to level the playing field. “We let their goods in, but they don’t let our goods in. Or they put much more restrictions on our exports than we do on their exports. It is true if we get those countries to accept more of our exports, actually both of us would be better off. … We didn’t push hard enough” to get into their markets. However, Guillen points out these trade imbalances might be true for China, but not Mexico. “There is free trade both ways.” There is talk of instituting a “border adjustment” to further boost U.S. trade, says Siegel. The rule exempts exports of U.S. companies from taxes, but also reduces the deductions they can take on imports to lower taxable income. “This is a huge subsidy to exports, a huge tax on imports and every economist says that will cause the dollar to be stronger.” Siegel says some models see the dollar appreciating by as much as the actual corporate tax rate if the full terms of the border adjustment is adopted and the impact would be “mammoth.” Since the U.S. still imports more than it exports, he believes the net impact of this move will be to boost revenue. U.S. companies that make goods domestically and sell them abroad will be winners while big importers like Walmart are the losers. “The EU did not figure out exactly when to stop [centralizing decisions] and where to let in enough [national] decision-making.” –Mauro Guillen The dollar could appreciate by about 25% if the corporate tax rate fell to 20%, and the real value of imports and exports will be unaffected as exchange rates fluctuate, adds Kent Smetters, Wharton professor of business economics and public policy who was deputy assistant secretary for economic policy under President George W. Bush. (Siegel disagrees because he says it does not take into account global capital flows.) “But here’s the issue. Even though this creates a level playing field with France and other European countries that have a territorial VAT [value added tax], getting that through the WTO [World Trade Organization] — that will be the fight,” Smetters says. Some European companies get a VAT refund. Smetters says that back then, the Clinton administration instituted its own form of border adjustment, which the Bush administration inherited. However, the lawyer-stocked WTO ruled that it was illegal, he adds. “The lawyers understand statutory incidents” and have less insight into economic policies. European Tensions Europe is facing some deep divisions over economic and immigration policies as well. “Differences in opinion are getting bigger and bigger,” Guillen says. “On top of that comes Brexit [British exit from the European Union] but the most worrying is you do have populist parties, and their [support] is growing” in the upcoming European elections. These parties tend to be anti-immigrant and favor leaving the EU. Add to the conflagration the Italian banking crisis, a worsening situation in Greece and a youth jobless rate in some European nations of 45%. At least, the people who voted for Brexit got one thing right. “There’s this dogma in Brussels [EU headquarters] that more integration in Europe is the solution to every problem. I personally believe that’s not the case,” Guillen says. “The EU did not figure out exactly when to stop [centralizing decisions] and where to let in enough [national] decision-making.” Sharing one currency — over half of EU members use the euro — complicates the matter. However, Siegel believes no country will be leaving the Eurozone – the group that shares the currency. “If Greece didn’t leave the euro, no one’s leaving the euro. The idea is ludicrous that these [populist] parties in Italy are going to lead them out of the euro. The Italians remember the Italian lira [which at one point was trading at 2,500 to the U.S. dollar].” He notes that “if it weren’t for the immigration issue, there wouldn’t be Brexit.” Immigration Reform In the U.S., illegal immigration was a key issue for the Trump campaign. Trump has pledged to build a wall between the U.S. and Mexico to stem the flow of undocumented workers and somehow make Mexico also pay for it. But an analysis by Smetters actually shows that deporting these workers — estimated between 11 million and 12 million overall — would hurt the U.S. economy. “Undocumented workers tend to take on lower wage jobs. … That forces native-born workers to, in fact, trade up in terms of their education, in terms of their skillset.” –Kent Smetters Trump’s plan assumes that if these workers were deported, native-born workers would take over these jobs. “That’s just simply not empirically true,” Smetters says. “When you export undocumented workers, those [typically low-skilled] jobs really aren’t replaced by native born workers” but by automation. Moreover, the presence of undocumented workers raises the wages of those who can legally work in the U.S. “Undocumented workers tend to take on lower wage jobs that don’t require English and that don’t require as much social skills. That forces native-born workers to, in fact, trade up in terms of their education, in terms of their skillset.” Smetters adds that while undocumented workers tend to have lower skill levels, a third of legal immigrants have college degrees. Guillen says immigration overall drives innovation, with immigrants launching 24% of all tech ventures in the U.S. over the past two decades. “That speaks volumes about the dynamism of immigrants at the high end and low end.” Smetters does see Trump softening his stance on immigration once he builds his long-promised Mexican wall. “If he gets that political win … everything will be more negotiable.” Ironically, the Trump proposal that could get plenty of political headwinds might be the issue of infrastructure spending. Wharton Dean Geoffrey Garrett, who moderated the talk, surmised that hardline Republicans wouldn’t want to run up the deficit while Democrats wouldn’t want to help a major Trump initiative. Smetters says one answer is to focus on repairing existing infrastructure instead of building new ones. “Repairs have the highest ROI [return on investment],” he says, noting that more than 400 Pennsylvania bridges need inspection in the next two years. If they fall into disrepair, “the disruption to transportation there could be very large.” Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "How Will Trump’s Policies Affect the U.S. Economy?." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 01 February, 2017. Web. 07 March, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/trumps-policies-economy-wharton-experts-weigh/> APA How Will Trump’s Policies Affect the U.S. Economy?. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, February 01). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/trumps-policies-economy-wharton-experts-weigh/ Chicago "How Will Trump’s Policies Affect the U.S. Economy?" Knowledge@Wharton, February 01, 2017, accessed March 07, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/trumps-policies-economy-wharton-experts-weigh/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Finance Creating a Pension to Fit the Needs of the Rural Poor Pensions are, in a sense, a necessary by-product of a rich economy. But what will it take to sell the idea to India's rural poor? Leadership Peak Performance: Lessons in Leadership from Mountain Guides Business leaders could get more from their teams with empowerment and trust-building, notes author Christopher I. Maxwell in his new book. Sponsored Content Infographic – Precision Medicine: New Paradigms, Risks and Opportunities Precision medicine is changing the nature of health care. This infographic illustrates its implications on everything from genomics to medical devices.   Join The Discussion 6 Comments So Far Log In or sign up to comment A very amateurish analysis and by Wharton. The real reason there can even be real sustainable growth in the first place is to institute (or threaten) policies that will bring back jobs to America. The only way US economy can start growing again is to bring back jobs. This will spur on the secondary markets. Trump’s agenda is the only one that will be able to do that. The rest of the analysis is simply academic of lower taxes. Cold and hard decisions are required. It is wishful thinking to suggest that the economy can have sustainable growth without trade wars. Dave Woods The last thing we want is to bring back jobs as we knew them. With our relatively small US population, we want to help create the integration and project management roles of the future, and open our borders to create win-win relationships for service and trade roles, which we clearly need. Je Ya I would like to respond because you are a Professor and assume you are a US Citizen. President Trump, your alumni, never wants to star a trade war. He always wants a fair trade。for example, if a country charges US products 70% tarrif but US charges theirs zero tarrif, who started trade war? Trump wants to charge 70% tarrif to match theirs, is this a fair trade or trade war? If your answer is latter, it only tells that you are not US citizen, or a US traitor, or the other country’s spy. Am I right? I am not a professor but a normal US citizen who know right and wrong. Je Ya Without logics or with twisted mind to force US citizens to believe you is why Hilary lost and Democratic Party lost in entire country legal systems from President, supremium court judge, senate, house, governors and there will be more and more loses to Democratic Party. If you want to win back, first you must love America from your heart. We do not see it from any Democratic leaders and members. Love is not from your mouth, is from your heart and action. You do not love America but Trump does. This article you wrote is another evidence that you do not love America! We see it crystal clear. Edward Dodson One of the great statements in defense of free trade was written in the late 19th century by the American political economist Henry George. However, his analysis went far deeper than to merely point out the counter-productive impact of tariffs, quotas and other such restrictions. George spent the last three decades of his life fighting against landed (i.e., rentier) privilege. Under the conditions then existing (little changed today) the benefits of free trade would be captured by the rentiers as increases in the asking price for land, natural resources and land-like assets (i.e., those best described as “natural monopolies,” such as the broadcast spectrum). Yes, we do need comprehensive restructuring of how government at all levels raises revenue. Reduction in the tax rate imposed on the value of actual capital goods (i.e., buildings, machinery, technologies) is the right public policy. Reduction in the tax rate imposed on income earned producing goods or providing services is also the right public policy. We want to encourage investment in capital goods and in the delivery of high quality services. Taxes on these assets and activities imposes significant deadweight losses on economic output. Rents, on the other hand, result from aggregate investment in public infrastructure and amenities. As economists generally acknowledge, the taxation of rents not only imposes zero deadweight loss on output, the exact opposite occurs. A near-100% tax on the potential annual rental value of locations and other natural monopolies makes it financially expensive to hold such assets out of production. Land parcels in towns and cities would very quickly be developed to highest, best use. Speculation in land would no longer divert large amounts of financial reserves from more productive use. Jacquie Kangas Image and brand do matter. First impressions count for embedded impressions. The first four paragraphs of this article warn potential readers not to waste their time reading any further. It is fake news. Fake News and Alternative Facts Let’s be perfectly clear which outlets are sprouting fake news: Washington Post, New York Times, CNN, ABC, and NBC, and late comer, Knowledge at Wharton, who daily skew and obscure the real news. Market Giving Back Some of its Gains Since President Trump’ inauguration, market capitalization has increased by over $3 trillion. Fortunes have been made in that short time and businesses have benefited; albeit, all intelligent people know it will turn. To suggest that the market is giving back some of its gains amid a flurry of Trump mandates is absurd. His mandates have been alive and well since he first stepped out on to the hustings two years ago. The odd daily losses don’t even register on a gain of over $3 trillion. Trade With Mexico The U.S. trade deficit with Mexico at the end of 2016 was an astonishing $63 billion. Mexicans living in the U.S. sent $25 billion in U.S remittances to Mexico in 2015. The tally for 2016 is expected to be over $28 billion. The cost of illegal immigrants in the U.S. is estimated to be $113 billion a year. Most of those illegal immigrants are from Mexico. So does a small part of the increase in the market have anything to do with new trade and immigration treatment for Mexico. Absolutely. Is it imperative that the U.S.’s relationship with Mexico change. Absolutely. Escalation of a Trade War with Mexico? There is no trade war with Mexico. The policies to capture President Trump’s initiatives haven’t even been finalized yet. Trans-Pacific Partnership If your “academics” had bothered to read the, thankfully, now defunct Trans-Pacific Partnership, they would understand that it would have been an expansion of NAFTA and one-way trade and job losses out of America. More significantly, they would have understood that loose and open wording around human rights and foreign, oversight committees would have resulted in loss of American sovereignty, key issues that are tearing apart the EU. Temporary Immigration Ban Could Hurt the Quality of the U.S. Workforce, particularly Silicon Valley? The temporary immigration ban (blocked by lower-court judges who should have no jurisdiction over immigration) is a proposed ninety-day moratorium on immigration from seven Muslim countries to give the Trump Administration time to work out a common-sense and fair policy for the benefit of Americans and to keep them safe. The list of countries is the same list that the Obama Administration used for the same purposes. The countries include Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. In 2012, there were only 781,235 U.S. residents who were born in these countries – just 2% of all immigrants – and most of them immigrated long ago, so the outcry over a 90-day restriction is nothing short of overblown, agenda-driven, cry-me-a-river, political angling. Is Knowledge at Wharton seriously attempting to have us believe that a 90-day ban on immigration from these countries will hurt the quality of the U.S. workforce, particularly Silicon Valley. Libya? Somalia? Sudan? Yemen? 90 days? Are you kidding us? I challenge this author to come up with how many recent immigrants from these countries are in significant jobs in Silicon Valley. I have no doubt that he/she will find out that most of any recent immigrants or guest workers in Silicon Valley come from India, a country equally intent on controlling unvetted Muslim immigration. The truth, of course, is that an end to immigration from any of these seven countries won’t have the slightest adverse consequences on the American workforce, generally, or Silicon Valley. The truth is that Silicon Valley is afraid that any immigration or visa restrictions might cut into its ability to pay guest workers far less than they should be paid or that they would have to pay American workers. Immigrants from these countries are far more likely to suck up taxpayers’ funds in the form of welfare payments; and as has been shown in EU studies, the reliance on welfare extends and even grows in future generations. The stock market has risen on anticipation of the return of jobs and manufacturing to the U.S. buoyed by actual business deals and initiatives struck since Donald Trump was elected, massive, impending tax cuts for businesses and individuals, the elimination of extraneous, bureaucratic and extremely costly regulations, a conducive U.S. business environment for both entrepreneurs and larger companies, the repatriation of overseas U.S. funds, the potential for a win/win trade relationships with Mexico and other countries, an efficient, fair, and profitable healthcare system, etc. — all Trump initiatives. Mexico will eventually come to the table to work out a win/win trade deal. It has no choice; it relies on the U.S. Investors and Businesses like the Republican Agenda So says professor of finance, Jeremy Siegal, who is cowardly quick to point out that he’s talking about the Republican Agenda not the Trump Agenda, then rattles off — you’ve guessed it — the Trump Agenda. Has he ever run a business himself, I wonder. Summary The first four paragraphs of this article warns that the article is highly likely to be biased, lopsided, unbalanced, selective, inaccurate, and far below the standards one expects from an academic institution. Accordingly I have elected not to read any more of it. Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report News Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Local Guide Today's Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â News Sycamore Crossing will get 150 new homes A show house is under construction at Sycamore Crossing. Submitted photo By Chris Barber, Daily Local News Posted: 03/05/17, 5:50 PM EST | Updated: 1 day ago # Comments Real Estate Agent Rory Burkhart, left, and Building contractor Victor Stitz discuss the design options for new homes at Sycamore Crossing. Chris Barber — Digital First Media OXFORD >> In two months, give or take a few days, the public will have the chance to tour the new show home with the amenities of the 150 additional houses to be built soon in Sycamore Crossing. The development, which sits just off the south side of Route 472 at Pembrook Street and Beaumont Drive near Ware Presbyterian Village, was begun in 2001 and construction was concluded at that point with 79 homes. Still, there were an estimated 75 homeowners ready to contract for more, but because of limited sewage capacity they had to be denied, according to Keller Williams real estate agent Rory Burkhart. With the expansion of the sewage system, however, the capacity was increased, and has given SAI Builder Victor Stitz the opportunity to proceed with the construction of 150 more single family homes on quarter-acre lots. This will be a big increase not only in the population but in the culture of the town, said Burkhart, because there is no other development like it in the borough and it is projected to generate $26,000 per home per year in Oxford in revenues. Advertisement Stitz is the same builder responsible for the homes in Kennett Square’s Magnolia Place, which in the highest end cases, homes have been recorded as selling for as much as $700,000, he said. These homes at Sycamore Crossing are single family, three- and four-bedroom models and are planned to start at a basic price of around $300,000 with increases for amenities from there, depending on what the buyers want. “They’ll all have granite custom cabinet tops, Anderson windows, brick fronts and tile floor bathrooms,” Stitz said. However, buyers can choose almost anything else they desire, even a first-floor master bedroom suite. He added that the downstairs is not dependent upon extra supporting walls, so the owners can request almost any configuration of bathrooms, bedrooms, kitchens, fireplaces, etc. In fact, he said, he enjoys doing what the buyers want, having built homes with bowling alleys and private theaters. “I love doing all that stuff.” “I just did a $30,000 bathroom with jets and a hot water tank and hot tub. I’ve done homes with a fire place on the deck,” he said. As for the buyers, Burkhart said there is no standard description of the present or potential customers of Sycamore Crossing. However, he said many people are choosing to move to the area from Delaware County from places like Media, Springfield, Ridley and Clifton Heights. Many of them work in Wilmington, Philadelphia and Baltimore and like this location for their commute. He called the houses “starter homes” that can be bought with 97 percent financing. Stitz said the recent local surge in commercial development, restaurants and even efforts of Oxford’s Main Street Incorporated, as well as an ever more prestigious school have been behind people’s desire to come to Oxford. Also, there is increasing popularity of living in cities or boroughs rather than in the more distant locations in the country, he said. “Walmart knew what they were doing when they built there,” he said. Burkhart said something else he likes about these new homes is accessibility to the center of the small town. He cited a discussion he had with a host during a visit in Kennett Square. The party planned to go uptown for dinner. Burkhart said he anticipated getting in his car, but realized all they had to do was take a short walk on the sidewalk. “People want to go out to dinner in their backyards,” he said. And Stitz added, “It’s like being at the seashore.” Overall, Burkhart said, the plans have been well received by the borough. “More taxpayers solve everything,” he said. Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! About the Author Chris Barber is the zone editor of the Avon Grove Sun. She is a lifelong resident of Kennett Square and a graduate of Unionville High School and Carleton College majoring in religion and minoring in astronomy. She is the founder of the Kennett Area YMCA. Reach the author at cbarber@21st-centurymedia.com . Full bio and more articles by Chris Barber Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Style Home Follow Us Power Look Video Fashion Beauty Men Weddings Horoscope Red Carpet Pop/Culture Exclusive Paris Fashion Week 2017 Who Is This Stylish Little Guy Making a Splash at Paris Fashion Week? Mikelle Street Yahoo StyleMarch 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Ivan Zinko and his mother, Natasha Zinko, at Paris Fashion Week. (Photo: Getty Images)More Though Nicki Minaj no doubt made the biggest splash yesterday at Paris Fashion Week (becoming the latest in a string of individuals pushing a boob-baring version of sexy) there was another front-row attendee catching the hard-to-get attention of social media. The interesting part? He’s under 10 years old. Sitting front row at shows like Haider Ackermann, Yohji Yamamoto, Dior, and Junya Watanabe, the pint-sized up-and-comer caused a bit of a stir. Fashion critic Alexander Fury joked that he was Justin Bieber, but no. His name: Ivan Zinko. His profession? Designer. Wearing everything from Dsquared2 to Balenciaga, Rag & Bone, and Vetements, this fresh face doesn’t have a huge following yet, but we don’t doubt that will be changing soon. Though his entry into the industry was courtesy of his London-based Ukrainian mother Natasha Zinko, a designer of fine jewelry and ready-to-wear (the oversized leather jacket he wears is her label), Ivan is likely to carve out his own space in the market. As is true of most individuals who make a sudden splash on the street style scene, Ivan’s emergence is part of a strategic plan. While he’s in town for the shows with his mom, the tot is also debuting a capsule collection in conjunction with her label. Yep, a fashion line before even a decade of living. Titled Duo, the lineup is for “cool boys and girls.” Seems like he’s his own customer. From what we can tell, the line includes miniature versions of some smart pieces. There’s a plaid bomber jacket that seems to also have a matching jogger, studded baseball hats and even leather motorcycle jackets. All the pieces check the box for the age-old idea of “cool.” Of course, this isn’t (by far) the first stylish line for babes. We all remember when Tom Ford launched one, no doubt inspired by his growing son. Other brands, like Givenchy, also shouldered their way into the market. As for child designers, that, too, isn’t unheard of. Let us not forget that it was their experience working with their Wal-Mart line as kids that helped shape Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen into the fashion powerhouses behind The Row that they are today. And has anyone forgotten Life in the Fab Lane? Where Kimora Lee Simmons’s daughters, Aoki and Ming, worked with Jerome LaMaar on their own range. Let’s see how Ivan’s endeavors fare! Related:  Rihanna Wears the New Dior Before the Models Do Bella Hadid Has Another Forced Run-in With Ex-Boyfriend the Weeknd at H&M Show Nicki Minaj Bares Her Breast for Fashion in Paris, and She’s Not Alone Follow us on Facebook, Instagram, and Pinterest for nonstop inspiration delivered fresh to your feed, every day. #paris-fashion-week-2017 #social-media #kids #fashion #kids-fashion #news Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Bella Hadid Dedicated the Weekend to Dominatrixes Yahoo Style Photos From Jaw Dropping Actresses From The Past! History ThingsSponsored Here's Proof You’re Never Too Old to Wear Latex Yahoo Style Salma Hayek Turns Heads in Form-Fitting Floral Dress Yahoo Style 5 Major Runway Trends You Can Shop Now in Plus Size Yahoo Style Unlimited Data Talk and Text Sprint®Sponsored Hunter McGrady's Supersexy Red Carpet Look Has an Important Message Yahoo Style Meet the World's Pinkest Person, Kitten Kay Sera Yahoo Style 11 Transitional Jackets You Can Wear Between Now and Spring Yahoo Style These 2017 SUVs are shaking up the industry... socialchoice.comSponsored The Sexiest Looks From Sunday’s iHeartRadio Music Awards Yahoo Style Bill Paxton’s Death Certificate Reveals Valve Replacement Surgery Triggered Stroke TMZ Chrissy Teigen Gets Fashion Inspiration From Home Decor Yahoo Style Leaked Court Documents Tell Reason For Divorce Outercuriosity.comSponsored Meet the New Turkish Designer Kendall Jenner is Obsessed With Yahoo Style Why Solange Knowles and Emma Roberts Sat Front Row to Bid This Designer Goodbye Yahoo Style Iman Shares Rare, Stunning Photo of Her and David Bowie's Teenage Daughter Entertainment Tonight Amazing iPhone Accessories For Photography Lovers eBaySponsored 9 Laws You Won't Believe Still Exist Yahoo Style 15 Plus-Size Velvet Pieces to Take You From Winter to Spring Yahoo Style A Look at Balmain Before and After Olivier Rousteing’s Arrival Yahoo Style The 3 Best Crossovers Coming this 2017 Answer CricketSponsored Florida Mom-of-Two Slain in ‘Nightmare’ Killing Spree was Shot in Front of Her Toddler Son People Emma Watson Hides Books Around the New York City Subway Yahoo Style Celebrities Love the Dress Over Pants Look Yahoo Style Reclusive Millionaire Warns of "Stock Stampede" Stansberry ResearchSponsored A Model Walked Down the Runway Wearing a Bag on Her Head  Yahoo Style Missing Indiana Woman, 33, Died After Stopping to Rescue Lost Dog from River Bank, Police Say People Watch How the Dior Show Come Together in Less Than 1 Minute Yahoo Style 5 New Trucks Wheel SceneSponsored Sarah Jessica Parker Launches New Line of Handbags Yahoo Style How to Style Winter’s Trickiest Trend: The Puffer Coat Yahoo Style Barack Obama Spotted Out for First Time Since Denying Donald Trump’s Unsubstantiated Wiretap Claims People 28 Ridiculous Private Jets Owned By The Famous History GarageSponsored How Queen Elizabeth Uses Her Purse to Send Secret Signals to her Staff Yahoo Style 15 Plus-Size Street-Style Photos That Prove Style Has No Size Yahoo Style Best Outfit Changes on Oscar Night Yahoo Style Small space, big style, right price. Pottery BarnSponsored Susan Sarandon Defends Her Political Views, Calls Trump ‘Dangerous’ Yahoo Celebrity The Surprising Beauty Staple Leighton Meester Makes Herself Yahoo Style These Carnival Costumes Have the Best Message: ‘You Are Beautiful, You Are Sexy, You Are Gorgeous’ Yahoo Style Spacious Single-Family Homes at Holly Ridge Ryan HomesSponsored The Best Shoes at Fashion Week — So Far Yahoo Style The Heartwarming Reason Flip Or Flop’s Tarek El Moussa Is Revealing His Secret (Second) Cancer Battle People Proof That Emma Watson Is an Actual Princess Yahoo Style
Your Money BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. The 18 richest people in America Emmie Martin and Tanza Loudenback Mar. 5, 2017, 12:15 PM 124,564 facebook linkedin twitter email print 32-year-old Mark Zuckerberg is the fourth richest person in the US with a fortune of $58.5 billion.Mariana Bazo/Reuters One-third of the 500 billionaires on the recently relaunched Bloomberg Billionaires Index — including the top three — hail from the US. The 18 richest — culled from the global top 30 — are worth an astounding $793 billion — more than the annual GDP of the Netherlands, Turkey, or Switzerland. The two richest people in America are no surprise: Bill Gates and Warren Buffett maintain their lead at the top despite being the two most generous people on earth. But US tech moguls continue to creep toward the very top. Heavyweights like Jeff Bezos of Amazon and Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook add billions to their net worths each year as their powerful companies continue to grow in value and influence. Not everyone is an entrepreneur though. Inherited wealth has kept a hefty portion of the country's cash in the hands of a few families, as the Koch brothers, the Waltons of Walmart, and the heirs to the Mars candy conglomerate each rank among the wealthiest. Read on to learn more about the richest people in America. Note that Bloomberg does not report the net worth of its founder and owner Michael Bloomberg, who does not appear on this ranking, though other sources peg his fortune at roughly $45 billion. View As: One Page Slides 18. Phil Knight Christian Petersen/Getty Images Net worth: $25 billion Age: 78 Country: US Industry: Retail Source of wealth: Self-made; Nike After a stint in the US Army, and with a Stanford MBA under his belt, Phil Knight convinced Tiger-brand shoemaker Onitsuka in the early 1960s to allow him to distribute Tiger shoes under the name Blue Ribbon Sports — the name Knight picked that predated his swoosh-logo-clad company Nike. Knight worked full-time as an accountant as he launched his new brand, and by 1968 he had built up enough of a rapport with customers that he was able to leave the CPA life behind. Knight now serves as chairman emeritus of Nike. Nike has built its success on celebrity and athlete endorsement deals, starting with running prodigy Steve Prefontaine in 1973 and continuing with one of the most successful shoe marketers of all time in Michael Jordan, whom Nike signed to a five-year endorsement deal in 1984 worth roughly $500,000 per year. The biggest NBA star today is still under the Nike roof, with LeBron James signing a lifetime contract with the brand in 2015 reportedly in excess of $1 billion. Knight's wealth has decreased by $1 billion over the last year. 17. George Soros REUTERS/Nicky Loh Net worth: $25.2 billion Age: 86 Country: US Industry: Hedge funds Source of wealth: Self-made; Soros Fund Management Born in Budapest, George Soros lived through the Nazi occupation of Hungary during WWII before fleeing to the UK and later settling in the US. Touted as "the man who broke the bank of England," he's best known for the Quantum Fund, a hedge fund he launched in 1973 under his Soros Fund Management company. In 1992 he shorted the British pound, a risky move that ended up earning the fund $1 billion in a single day and solidifying Soros' place in the finance world. Quantum Fund also generated annual returns over 30% under Soros' leadership, making it one of the most successful hedge funds of all time. Today, Soros remains chairman of Soros Fund Management, which manages more than $25 billion in assets, including stakes in prominent companies like Amazon, Facebook, and Netflix. He's also chairman of Open Society, an organization he founded in 1979 that operates as a network of foundations and partners across the globe that promote the values of open society and human rights. Soros' wealth decreased by $800 million over the last year. 16. Steve Ballmer REUTERS/B Mathur Net worth: $27 billion Age: 60 Country: US Industry: Technology Source of wealth: Self-made; Microsoft Steve Ballmer dropped out of business school at Stanford in 1980 to join Harvard friend Bill Gates at Microsoft as the company's first business manager, earning a $50,000 salary and a stake in the company. During his tenure, Ballmer held positions as vice president of marketing, vice president of systems software, and executive vice president of sales and support, and was often referred to as "the numbers guy." He became CEO of the company in 2000 after Gates stepped down, and he remained in charge of the software giant until Satya Nadella replaced him in 2014. While running Microsoft, the company's revenue grew by 294% and profits by 181% — although its market share was surpassed by Google and Apple during the same period. Still, the early stake Ballmer acquired in the company made him immensely wealthy.  After stepping down as CEO, Ballmer fulfilled his dream of owning an NBA franchise, paying $2 billion in a deal to buy the Los Angeles Clippers, now his main venture.  Ballmer's net worth has increased $4.8 billion in the last year. 15. Sheldon Adelson REUTERS/Tyrone Siu Net worth: $28 billion Age: 83 Country: US Industry: Real estate Source of wealth: Self-made; Las Vegas Sands The "King of Las Vegas" first hit the jackpot in 1995 when he was 61 and running Computer Dealers' Exhibition (COMDEX), one of the largest trade shows in Las Vegas. That year, Adelson sold the company to Japan's Softbank for $860 million and used the cash to finance his purchase of the Sands Casino. He quickly demolished it and in its place built the Venetian Casino Resort and the Sands Expo Convention Center. After further expansion, he took his gambling conglomerate, Las Vegas Sands, public in 2004. Adelson, a former reporter and mortgage broker and the son of Ukrainian-Jewish immigrants, was hit hard during the financial crisis in 2008, reportedly losing $25 billion and needing to bolster his company's balance sheet with $1 billion of his own cash. Though the Sands had a rough 2015 — the stock tumbled 25% during the year — his fortune has recovered from the dark days of 2008. His overall net worth rose by $3.2 billion in the last year. He still runs the Sands and is CEO of China Sands, a subsidiary that opened its fifth casino in Macau last year. The casino magnate, who owns 13 private jets, is a staunch supporter of the Republican Party, famously donating tens of millions of dollars to past candidates like Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney. He reportedly donated $25 million to aid Donald Trump's presidential bid.  In late 2015, he purchased Nevada's largest newspaper for $140 million. 13. and 14. John and Jacqueline Mars John Mars owns the Mars candy empire along with siblings Forrest and Jacqueline.John Stillwell - WPA Pool/Getty Images Net worth: $32.4 billion each Age: 77 and 81 Country: US Industry: Candy Source of wealth: Inheritance; Mars Inc. Siblings Jacqueline and John Mars inherited a stake in the iconic candymaker Mars Inc. when their father, Forrest Sr., died in 1999. The notoriously private trio co-own but don't actively manage the maker of M&M's and Milky Way bars, which their grandfather started in 1931 as a confectionary business in his kitchen in Tacoma, Washington. In 2008, Mars Inc. branched out from chocolate to gum, when it acquired the Wrigley Jr. Co. for $23 billion. Since then, it's delved into pet food, buying Iams and two other brands in 2014 from Procter & Gamble for close to $2.9 billion. Together the siblings run the Mars Foundation, which gives primarily to educational, environmental, cultural, and health-related causes. In March 2015, John Mars was made an honorary knight by Queen Elizabeth II. Their combined net worth has risen by $2.6 billion over the last year. 12. Alice Walton D Dipasupil/Getty Images Net worth: $34 billion Age: 67 Country: US Industry: Retail Source of wealth: Inheritance; Walmart The daughter of late Walmart founder Sam Walton, Alice Walton holds a major piece of the company fortune, making her the richest woman on earth. Though she never took an active role in running the superstore like her brothers, she's become the target of pushback from minimum-wage Walmart employees who view her highfalutin lifestyle as insensitive and ignorant to the plights of many workers. Instead of spending time at Walmart, Walton has become a patron of the arts. Her immense personal collection includes pieces from Andy Warhol, Norman Rockwell, and Georgia O'Keefe. In 2011, she opened the $50 million Crystal Bridges Museum in Arkansas, where a number of her famous paintings are on display. In 2015, Walton donated 3.7 million of her Walmart shares to the family's nonprofit and put her Texas ranches — one a working horse ranch, the other a luxurious vacation spot — on the market for a combined $48 million. Her net worth has risen by $2.3 billion over the last year. 11. Jim Walton REUTERS/Rick Wilking Net worth: $35.1 billion Age: 68 Country: US Industry: Retail Source of wealth: Inheritance; Walmart James "Jim" Walton's parents, Helen and Sam Walton, purchased a controlling stake in Arkansas' Bank of Bentonville the year before opening the first Walmart store in Rogers, Arkansas, in 1962 — when Jim was just 14. Within five years, the family owned 24 of the retail stores and in 1972 listed Walmart on the New York Stock Exchange. In 1975, after working in Walmart's real-estate department for a few years, Jim joined his parents' bank, later renamed Arvest Bank Group. He's now chairman and CEO of the regional community bank, which has $15 billion in assets. Over the last year, Walton's has increased by $2.7 billion. The businessman is also director of Walton Enterprises, the holding company for the Walton family assets, and chairman of Community Publishers, an Arkansas-based newspaper firm. After the death of his brother John in 2005, Jim joined the board of Walmart, where he serves as a director today. While America's richest family remains incredibly private, the Walton Family Foundation, of which Jim is secretary and treasurer, has donated millions to charitable causes. In December 2015, Jim and his siblings donated $407 million worth of Walmart shares to a newly formed trust that funds the Walton's philanthropy, which focuses on educational, cultural, community development, and social causes. 10. Rob Walton Reuters Net worth: $35.4 billion Age: 72 Country: US Industry: Retail Source of wealth: Inheritance; Walmart Samuel Robson "Rob" Walton is the oldest son of Walmart founder Sam Walton. He started working at the iconic retail behemoth in 1969, holding positions from senior vice president to general counsel to chairman, a role he stepped down from in June 2015 after 23 years on the job. His son-in-law was named as his successor. Regulatory filings on New Year's Eve revealed that Walton and his brother each gave away 1.5 million Walmart shares to the family charity, Walton Family Holdings Trust, while sister Alice gave away 3.7 million shares, for a total family donation of $407 million. It's an incredible amount, but it's also ultimately a drop in the bucket for the Waltons. His wealth has increased by $3.3 billion in the past year. 9. Sergey Brin Steve Jennings/Getty Images Net worth: $41.6 billion Age: 43 Country: US Industry: Technology Source of wealth: Self-made; Google Along with cofounder Larry Page, Sergey Brin helped facilitate Google's massive restructuring, which the company announced in 2015. The move put Google under the auspices of a holding company called Alphabet, run by Brin as president and Page as CEO. Google's other ventures, such as Nest and Google X, are separate companies also under the Alphabet umbrella.  The restructuring allowed Brin to focus on exploring inventive new "moonshot" projects and ideas. With top talent and an abundance of resources at its disposal, Alphabet has already made automated homes and self-driving cars a reality. Brin, who emigrated from Moscow to the US as a child, connected with Page in 1995 at Stanford, where they were each pursuing a PhD. Three years later they founded Google, now one of the most powerful companies on the planet. Over the past year, Brin's wealth has increased by $4.1 billion. 8. Larry Page Getty / Justin Sullivan Net worth: $42.5 billion Age: 43 Country: US Industry: Technology Source of wealth: Self-made; Google As a Stanford PhD student in 1998, Larry Page teamed up with classmate Sergey Brin to create BackRub, an early search engine. The project eventually morphed into Google — now called Alphabet — one of the largest and farthest-reaching companies in the world, worth more than $581 billion. Over the past year, Page's personal net worth has increased by $4.3 billion. Page oversaw major changes to Google's business structure in 2015, starting with the creation of Alphabet, the holding company that manages Google and all of its related ventures, including Nest, Calico, and Google X. Previously the chief executive of Google, Page moved up to helm Alphabet, which has its hands in everything from home automation to self-driving cars to prolonging human life.  Page doesn't make a lot of splashy purchases, but the alternative-energy advocate does own an eco-friendly mansion in Palo Alto that uses geothermal energy and rainwater capture. He's also an avid kiteboarder. 7. Larry Ellison Oracle Net worth: $45.3 billion Age: 72 Country: US Industry: Technology Source of wealth: Self-made; Oracle In 1977, Larry Ellison teamed up with two colleagues from an electronics company to start their own programming firm, which landed a contract not long after to build a relational database-management system for the CIA under the project code Oracle. The project grew into what is known today as Oracle Corp., which produced $37 billion in revenue last year. In 2010, Ellison reduced his annual salary from $1 million to $1, but he still takes in more than $60 million in total compensation thanks to generous stock awards. Ellison stepped down as CEO in 2014 after 38 years on the job and took on the role of chief technology officer. The tech tycoon is also a generous philanthropist through partnerships with wildlife conservation groups and the Lawrence Ellison Foundation, which supports organizations that research aging and global infectious diseases. He's also a member of Bill Gates and Warren Buffett's Giving Pledge, committing to give away at least half of his fortune. In the last year, Ellison's wealth has increased by $5.2 billion.  5. TIE: David Koch Reuters/Brendan McDermid Net worth: $47.9 billion Age: 76 Country: US Industry: Diversified investments Source of wealth: Self-made; Koch Industries Along with his brother Charles, David Koch runs Koch Industries as executive vice president. The second-largest private company, $100 billion (in sales) Koch Industries manufactures everything from fertilizer and Dixie Cups to asphalt and biodiesel. David's personal wealth has decreased by $1.2 billion billion in the past year. Famously conservative, the brothers also maintain immense political influence and routinely spend, along with their vast donor network, hundreds of millions on political campaigns and causes.  David has had two brushes with death. He survived a plane crash in 1991 in which everyone else in first class died, and he also won a battle with prostate cancer. He's become one of the world's most generous givers since, pledging to contribute more than $1.2 billion to cancer research, hospitals, education, and cultural institutions over his lifetime through his David H. Koch Charitable Foundation. 5. TIE: Charles Koch YouTube/CBS This Morning Net worth: $47.9 billion Age: 81 Country: US Industry: Diversified investments Source of wealth: Self-made; Koch Industries Charles Koch is chairman and CEO of multifaceted conglomerate Koch Industries, the second-largest private company in America. His younger brother David is the executive vice president. The company employs 100,000 people and generates $100 billion in sales from its diverse holdings, which make everything from petrochemicals and Dixie Cups to raw clothing materials.  Outspoken in the world of conservative politics, the Koch brothers, who have a combined net worth of $95.8 billion, routinely fund political campaigns, although they took a step back during the 2016 election cycle.  However, in "Dark Money: The Hidden History of the Billionaires Behind the Rise of the Radical Right," it was revealed that Charles Koch's plans to reshape American politics date back 40 years, when he began strategizing and developing a libertarian movement. 4. Mark Zuckerberg Steve Jennings/Getty Net worth: $58.5 billion Age: 32 Country: US Industry: Technology Source of wealth: Self-made; Facebook In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg, then a 19-year-old sophomore at Harvard, launched TheFacebook.com, a rudimentary version of the now ubiquitous social network known as Facebook. Zuckerberg dropped out of college to work full-time as Facebook's CEO, and the site quickly exploded in popularity. Today, it attracts more than a billion users daily and is worth nearly $400 billion. At 32, Zuckerberg is by far the youngest of the 50 richest people in the world. His wealth has increased by $11.1 billion in the past year.  In December 2015, Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan pledged give away 99% of their wealth in their lifetimes through an organization called the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, though some critics noted the organization wasn't a nonprofit charity itself and found the announcement misleading. But this isn't the couple's first foray into philanthropy. They donated $25 million in the fight against Ebola in 2015, and they gave $100 million worth of Facebook shares toward improving a New Jersey public-school system. 3. Jeff Bezos Ted S. Warren/AP Net worth: $73.1 billion Age: 53 Country: US Industry: Technology Source of wealth: Self-made; Amazon.com Jeff Bezos earned his massive fortune by introducing e-commerce to the world. After spending time in finance on Wall Street, Bezos founded Amazon.com in the garage of his Seattle home in 1994 and operated it exclusively as an online book retailer. The company went public three years later and has since grown to include everything from furniture to food to Amazon's own consumer-electronics products, generating $136 billion in revenue in 2016. Bezos also has interests outside of Amazon, including investments in his privately owned space company Blue Origin, which successfully launched its first spacecraft in 2015, and The Washington Post, the newspaper he bought in 2013.  Bezos' wealth has increased by $21.9 billion in the last year.  2. Warren Buffett Steve Pope/Getty Images Net worth: $77.2 billion Age: 86 Country: US Industry: Diversified investments Source of wealth: Self-made; Berkshire Hathaway Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett started his prodigious investing career at a young age. As a child he delivered newspapers on his bike, and by 11 the precocious Nebraska native had purchased his first shares in the stock market — Cities Service Preferred at $38 apiece — and sold them for a $5 profit. He was rejected from Harvard Business School, so Buffett went to Columbia Business School instead and learned under iconic value investor Benjamin Graham, who would become a mentor to the budding financier. Buffett worked as a securities analyst in the early-1950s before starting his own investment firm. He bought textile company Berkshire Hathaway in 1969, transforming it into a holding company that would house the many lucrative investments that helped build his massive fortune and earn the nickname "The Oracle of Omaha." The array of portfolio companies and investments that made him rich may appear random — he's bet on companies including Coca-Cola, American Express, Geico, Fruit of the Loom, Dairy Queen, and General Motors — but they're all cash-generating machines that offer long-term value. In the past year, his net worth has increased by $13.1 billion. A frugal man with a fondness for junk food, perhaps the most impressive part of Buffett's $60 billion fortune is that it doesn't include the more than $25 billion he's already given away. He's good friends with Microsoft cofounder Bill Gates, whom he collaborated with to create the Giving Pledge, a promise for billionaires to give away at least half of their wealth to charity. 1. Bill Gates Susan Walsh/AP Photo Net worth: $85.2 billion Age: 61 Country: US Industry: Technology Source of wealth: Self-made; Microsoft At just 20, Bill Gates cofounded Microsoft with his childhood friend Paul Allen. Months before his 31st birthday, the company went public, making Gates a billionaire. He served as CEO of the software titan until 2000 and was its chairman and largest shareholder until 2014. Though he still sits on the company's board, Gates is no longer actively involved in Microsoft. Gates is not only the richest man in the world — his net worth increased by $10.6 billion in the last year alone — but he's also the most generous. Since 1999, Gates and his wife have helmed the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, one of the most powerful charities in the world. The foundation — which controls an endowment of more than $40 billion — aims to lift millions of people out of poverty, with a heavy focus on eliminating HIV, malaria, and other infectious diseases. The couple is also working on a plan to bring mobile banking to the 2 billion adults who don't have a bank account.  He's also cofounder of the Giving Pledge, which he launched in 2010 with good friend and fellow billionaire Warren Buffett as a promise to donate 50% or more of their fortunes. The Giving Pledge now counts Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk among its 156 members. SEE ALSO: The 30 richest people on earth DON'T MISS: The 22 best places to live in America if you want to make a lot of money More: Features Wealthy Rich Money Billionaires Self-Made Billionaires Bill Gates Warren Buffet Jeff Bezos Mark Zuckerberg facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The 18 richest people in America The 18 richest people in America One-third of the 500 billionaires on the... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Nobel Prize-winning biologist reveals the biggest mistake she made early in her career More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Your Money Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Cutest coyote ever found hiding behind potted plant Incredible shots of 'Glory Hole' is spilling over Gov Abbott tells NFL to back off from threats Photos: A slice of the Caribbean is coming to Houston Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Family demands stiffer charge for 17-year-old shooter Trial starts for Woodlands man charged with drug trafficking in Prominent attorney may land back in court over expunged DWI case Local prosecutor wrongfully blamed for racist Twitter posts, US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos American Legion Riders say they were harassed by staff at Single mom's message about her tax return goes viral Boxer Yusaf Mack beats online troll in real life at Philadelphia Explainer: Department of Homeland Security's sweeping immigration Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Rockets fail to slow down Kawhi Leonard in crushing defeat to Coach D'Antoni reflects on time coaching Spurs' Pau Gasol Coach D'Antoni gives high praise for Kawhi Leonard Rockets focused on remainder of the season, not playoff matchups Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Altar'd State leases former Starbucks space in Rice Village Pearland's mushrooming population creates demand for self-storage Houston's First Baptist to acquire space downtown Local nonprofit competes in a bracket fundraising tournament A&E Preview Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Events & Things To Do Puzzles & Games Comics Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Country star Aaron Watson performs for police before hitting the Potente brings upscale Italian dining to downtown Houston Travis Scott comes home to Houston Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Upcoming Houston wine events Houston Museum of Natural Science's "Big Bang Ball" is a huge hit "Magnificent India" Tiger Ball celebrates color and culture, Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/news/houston-texas/article/Dozens-of-Trump-supporters-gather-in-Katy-to-10977238.php Dozens of Trump supporters gather in Katy to rally against protesters By Keri Blakinger Updated 2:39 pm, Saturday, March 4, 2017 Photo: Elizabeth Conley/Houston Chronicle Image 1of/46 Caption Close Image 1 of 46 Jo Anne Henry of Yorktown, Texas listens during a rally in support of the President Trump on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) Jo Anne Henry of Yorktown, Texas listens during a rally in support of the President Trump on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Elizabeth Conley/Houston Chronicle Image 2 of 46 Houston residents Brando Bardales and Alona Ward lower their heads in prayer during a rally for President Trump on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) Houston residents Brando Bardales and Alona Ward lower their heads in prayer during a rally for President Trump on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Elizabeth Conley/Houston Chronicle Image 3 of 46 President Trump supporters line Fry Road next to counter protesters during a rally in support of the president on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) President Trump supporters line Fry Road next to counter protesters during a rally in support of the president on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Elizabeth Conley/Houston Chronicle Image 4 of 46 President Trump supporters line Fry Road during a rally in support of the president on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) President Trump supporters line Fry Road during a rally in support of the president on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Elizabeth Conley/Houston Chronicle Image 5 of 46 President Trump supporters line Fry Road during a rally in support of the president on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) President Trump supporters line Fry Road during a rally in support of the president on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Elizabeth Conley/Houston Chronicle Image 6 of 46 President Trump supporters rally in support of the president on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) President Trump supporters rally in support of the president on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Elizabeth Conley/Houston Chronicle Image 7 of 46 President Trump supporters cheer for Doc Greene during a rally in support of the president on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) President Trump supporters cheer for Doc Greene during a rally in support of the president on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Elizabeth Conley/Houston Chronicle Image 8 of 46 President Trump supporters rally in support of the president on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) President Trump supporters rally in support of the president on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Elizabeth Conley/Houston Chronicle Image 9 of 46 President Trump supporters sign up for volunteering and connection after a rally in support of the president on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) President Trump supporters sign up for volunteering and connection after a rally in support of the president on Saturday, March 4, 2017, in Katy. ( Elizabeth Conley / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Elizabeth Conley/Houston Chronicle Image 10 of 46 Congressman: Louie Gohmert, R-Tyler, 1st District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 100 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 72 percent, Clinton 25 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Louie Gohmert, R-Tyler, 1st District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 100 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 72 percent, Clinton 25 ... more Image 11 of 46 Congressman: Ted Poe, R-Humble, 2nd District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 88 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 52 percent, Clinton 43 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Ted Poe, R-Humble, 2nd District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 88 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 52 percent, Clinton 43 ... more Photo: Andrew Harnik, STF Image 12 of 46 Congressman: Sam Johnson, R-McKinney, 3rd District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 95 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 54 percent, Clinton 40 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Sam Johnson, R-McKinney, 3rd District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 95 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 54 percent, Clinton 40 ... more Photo: Charles Dharapak, STF Image 13 of 46 Congressman: John Ratcliffe, R-Heath, 4th District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 100 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 75 percent, Clinton 21 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: John Ratcliffe, R-Heath, 4th District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 100 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 75 percent, Clinton 21 ... more Photo: Tom Fox Image 14 of 46 Congressman: Jeb Hensarling, R-Dallas, 5th District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 99 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 62 percent, Clinton 34 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Jeb Hensarling, R-Dallas, 5th District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 99 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 62 percent, Clinton 34 ... more Photo: DOUG MILLS, STF Image 15 of 46 Congressman: Joe Barton, R-Ennis, 6th District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 93 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 54 percent, Clinton 41 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Joe Barton, R-Ennis, 6th District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 93 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 54 percent, Clinton 41 ... more Photo: Alex Brandon Image 16 of 46 Congressman: John Culberson, R-Houston, 7th District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 60 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 47 percent, Clinton 48 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: John Culberson, R-Houston, 7th District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 60 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 47 percent, Clinton 48 ... more Photo: Sharon Steinmann, Houston Chronicle Image 17 of 46 Congressman: Kevin Brady, R-The Woodlands, 8th District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 100 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 72 percent, Clinton 23 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Kevin Brady, R-The Woodlands, 8th District Voting on Trump priorities: 100 percent Projected support: 100 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 72 percent, Clinton 23 ... more Photo: Jason Fochtman/Houston Chronicle Image 18 of 46 Congressman: Al Green, D-Houston, 9th District Voting on Trump priorities:  0 percent Projected support: 0 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 18 percent, Clinton 79 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Al Green, D-Houston, 9th District Voting on Trump priorities:  0 percent Projected support: 0 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 18 percent, Clinton 79 ... more Photo: Melissa Phillip, Staff Image 19 of 46 Congressman: Michael McCaul, R-Austin, 10th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 88 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 52 percent, Clinton 43 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Michael McCaul, R-Austin, 10th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 88 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 52 percent, Clinton 43 percent Source: ... more Photo: © AP Image 20 of 46 Congressman: Michael Conaway, R-Midland, 11th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 100 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 77 percent, Clinton 19 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Michael Conaway, R-Midland, 11th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 100 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 77 percent, Clinton 19 ... more Image 21 of 46 Congressman: Kay Granger, R-Fort Worth, 12th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 99 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 62 percent, Clinton 37 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Kay Granger, R-Fort Worth, 12th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 99 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 62 percent, Clinton 37 ... more Image 22 of 46 Congressman: Mac Thornberry, R-Clarendon, 13th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 100 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 79 percent, Clinton 16 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Mac Thornberry, R-Clarendon, 13th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 100 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 79 percent, Clinton 16 ... more Image 23 of 46 Congressman: Randy Weber, R-Friendswood, 14th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 98 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 58 percent, Clinton 38 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Randy Weber, R-Friendswood, 14th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 98 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 58 percent, Clinton 38 ... more Photo: KRISTI NIX Image 24 of 46 Congressman: Beto O'Rourke, D-El Paso, 16th District Voting on Trump priorities: 0 percent Projected support: 0.8 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 27 percent, Clinton 67 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Beto O'Rourke, D-El Paso, 16th District Voting on Trump priorities: 0 percent Projected support: 0.8 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 27 percent, Clinton 67 ... more Photo: Carolyn Kaster, AP Image 25 of 46 Congressman: Bill Flores, R-Bryan, 17th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 97 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 56 percent, Clinton 38 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Bill Flores, R-Bryan, 17th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 97 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 56 percent, Clinton 38 ... more Photo: Brett Coomer, Houston Chronicle Image 26 of 46 Congressman: Sheila Jackson Lee, D-Houston, 18th District Voting on Trump priorities:  0 percent Projected support: 0.1 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 20 percent, Clinton 76 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Sheila Jackson Lee, D-Houston, 18th District Voting on Trump priorities:  0 percent Projected support: 0.1 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 20 percent, Clinton 76 ... more Photo: Leslie Plaza Johnson, For The Chronicle Image 27 of 46 Congressman: Joaquin Castro, D-San Antonio, 20th District Voting on Trump priorities:  0 percent Projected support: 3.8 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 34 percent, Clinton 61 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Joaquin Castro, D-San Antonio, 20th District Voting on Trump priorities:  0 percent Projected support: 3.8 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 34 percent, Clinton 61 ... more Photo: J. Patric Schneider, Freelance Image 28 of 46 Congressman: Lamar Smith, R-San Antonio, 21st District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 90 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 52 percent, Clinton 42 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Lamar Smith, R-San Antonio, 21st District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 90 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 52 percent, Clinton 42 ... more Photo: Charles Dharapak, STF Image 29 of 46 Congressman: Pete Olson, R-Sugar Land, 22nd District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 86 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 52 percent, Clinton 44 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Pete Olson, R-Sugar Land, 22nd District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 86 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 52 percent, Clinton 44 ... more Photo: Pete Olson's Website Image 30 of 46 Congressman: Will Hurd, R-Helotes, 23rd District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 53 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 46 percent, Clinton 49 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Will Hurd, R-Helotes, 23rd District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 53 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 46 percent, Clinton 49 ... more Photo: Juanito M. Garza, Staff Image 31 of 46 Congressman: Kenny Marchant, R-Coppell, 24th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 82 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 50 percent, Clinton 44 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Kenny Marchant, R-Coppell, 24th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 82 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 50 percent, Clinton 44 ... more Photo: AP Image 32 of 46 Congressman: Roger Williams, R-Weatherford, 25th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 95 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 55 percent, Clinton 40 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Roger Williams, R-Weatherford, 25th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 95 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 55 percent, Clinton 40 ... more Photo: Chris Maddaloni, CQ Roll Call, Getty Images Image 33 of 46 Congressman: Michael Burgess, R-Lewisville, 26th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 99 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 60 percent, Clinton 34 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Michael Burgess, R-Lewisville, 26th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 99 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 60 percent, Clinton 34 ... more Image 34 of 46 Congressman: Blake Farenthold, R-Corpus Christi, 27th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 99 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 60 percent, Clinton 36 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Blake Farenthold, R-Corpus Christi, 27th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 99 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 60 percent, Clinton 36 ... more Photo: Jacquelyn Martin, AP Image 35 of 46 Congressman: Henry Cuellar, D-Laredo, 28th District Voting on Trump priorities:  64 percent Projected support: 9 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 38 percent, Clinton 58 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Henry Cuellar, D-Laredo, 28th District Voting on Trump priorities:  64 percent Projected support: 9 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 38 percent, Clinton 58 ... more Photo: Victor Strife Image 36 of 46 Congressman: Gene Green, D-Houston, 29th District Voting on Trump priorities:  8 percent Projected support: 0 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 25 percent, Clinton 71 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Gene Green, D-Houston, 29th District Voting on Trump priorities:  8 percent Projected support: 0 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 25 percent, Clinton 71 ... more Photo: James Nielsen, Staff Image 37 of 46 Congressman: Eddie Bernice Johnson, D-Dallas, 30th District Voting on Trump priorities:  0 percent Projected support: 0 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 18 percent, Clinton 79 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Eddie Bernice Johnson, D-Dallas, 30th District Voting on Trump priorities:  0 percent Projected support: 0 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 18 percent, Clinton 79 ... more Photo: ANDREW COUNCILL, KRT Image 38 of 46 Congressman: John Carter, Round Rock, 31th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Predicted support: 93 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 53 percent, Clinton 40 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: John Carter, Round Rock, 31th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Predicted support: 93 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 53 percent, Clinton 40 ... more Photo: Susan Walsh Image 39 of 46 Congressman: Pete Sessions, R-Dallas. 31st District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 58 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 46 percent, Clinton 48 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Pete Sessions, R-Dallas. 31st District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 58 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 46 percent, Clinton 48 ... more Image 40 of 46 Congressman: Marc Veasey, D-Fort Worth , 33rdDistrict Voting on Trump priorities:  0 percent Projected support: 49 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 46 percent, Clinton 48 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Marc Veasey, D-Fort Worth , 33rdDistrict Voting on Trump priorities:  0 percent Projected support: 49 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 46 percent, Clinton 48 percent Source: ... more Image 41 of 46 Congressman: Filemon Vela, D-Brownsville, 34th District Voting on Trump priorities:  7 percent Projected support: 7 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 37 percent, Clinton 59 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Filemon Vela, D-Brownsville, 34th District Voting on Trump priorities:  7 percent Projected support: 7 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 37 percent, Clinton 59 ... more Image 42 of 46 Congressman: Lloyd Doggett, D-San Antonio, 34th District Voting on Trump priorities:  0 percent Projected support: 7 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 30 percent, Clinton 64 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Lloyd Doggett, D-San Antonio, 34th District Voting on Trump priorities:  0 percent Projected support: 7 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 30 percent, Clinton 64 ... more Photo: Helen L. Montoya, Staff Image 43 of 46 Congressman: Brian Babin, R-Woodville, 36th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 100 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 72 percent, Clinton 25 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight less Congressman: Brian Babin, R-Woodville, 36th District Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 100 percent 2016 Presidential results in district: Trump 72 percent, Clinton 25 ... more Photo: Kristi Nix Image 44 of 46 Senator: John Cornyn, R-Texas Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 78 percent 2016 Presidential results in state: Trump 52 percent, Clinton 43 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight Senator: John Cornyn, R-Texas Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 78 percent 2016 Presidential results in state: Trump 52 percent, Clinton 43 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight Photo: Gary Coronado, Houston Chronicle Image 45 of 46 Senator: Ted Cruz, R-Texas Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 78 percent 2016 Presidential results in state: Trump 52 percent, Clinton 43 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight Senator: Ted Cruz, R-Texas Voting on Trump priorities:  100 percent Projected support: 78 percent 2016 Presidential results in state: Trump 52 percent, Clinton 43 percent Source: FiveThirtyEight Photo: Lauren Victoria Burke, FRE Image 46 of 46 Dozens of Trump supporters gather in Katy to rally against protesters 1 / 46 Back to Gallery Draped in American flags and chanting "lock her up," dozens of Houston-area supporters of President Donald Trump gathered Saturday morning in Katy to rally around the new commander-in-chief - even as counter-protesters demonstrated against him. The enthusiastic gathering at the Fry Road Park and Ride was part of a nationwide series of similar events intended to strike back at anti-Trump sentiment. "We won," Houston Area for Donald Trump organizer Cooper Jackson said before the event kickoff. "That's a point we're going to try to make." SAFE SPACE: Texas lawmaker seeks to protect off-work political opinions from retaliation Bob Holden, a veteran from Willis, came out to stand up to protesters who have vocally opposed the new president. "Any anti-Trump rally is really a criticism of poor and middle-class working people," he said. "It is time to stop attacking working class people. Every time they criticize Trump they are criticizing the people who voted for him." Some in the crowd also came out to oppose mainstream media coverage of the Trump administration. WALL PROTEST: Mexican lawmaker scales 30-foot fence to troll Trump about border "You people are absolutely horrible," offered one rally-goer. Bob Davidson, a former Democrat, drove over from the nearby Energy Corridor to join in with the chanting crowd. "The reason I'm here is to support these people," he said, gesturing toward more than 75 Trump supporters on the scene. "The media make him out to be a bad person for saying his job is to be for America." FESTIVAL FEARS: SXSW may alert authorities to international artists playing unofficially As the rally started gathering steam, Jackson led the crowd in the Pledge of Allegiance and the national anthem before handing off the megaphone. One speaker decried newly elected Harris County Sheriff Ed Gonzalez' decision to cut ties with the ICE 287(g) program, a partnership with immigration authorities that trained county deputies to determine the immigration status of jailed suspects and hold those selected for deportation. Other speakers touched on the 2012 attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya; refugees; Trump's proposed border wall; and crimes committed by immigrants. At one point, Jackson asked for a moment of silence in memory of Genesis, a Houston teen killed last month in a satanic ritual by two gang members who were in the country illegally. As rally-goers dressed in red, white and blue lined up along the side of the road with their Trump signs, a small group of counter-protesters set up shop at an intersection, waving a Mexican flag and toting multilingual signage. ON VIDEO: Social media spreads recording of Walmart customer taunting employee Victor Ibarra, a Latinos Inmigrantes Triunfadores organizer known for hauling oversize Trump pinatas to protests last fall, held a "Resist Trump" sign up for passing motorists to see. "He is attacking our race very often," Ibarra said of the President. "As an immigrant, I think that we are not all criminals. I think there are more American criminals than Hispanic criminals," he continued. "We are resisting Trump." Protests erupt in the United States calling for the resignation of former Sen. Jeff Sessions as attorney general. Revelations about his meetings with Russian amabassador Sergey Kislyak came to light earlier this week. Media: Euronews News >>>Scroll through the gallery to see how the Texas delegation votes when it comes to Trump's signature issues so far Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Teenager allegedly killed in satanic ritual identified Buyers of $400K Heights house made gruesome find Replacement for Old Dominion added to RodeoHouston Exxon announces $20 billion plan for Gulf Coast region The Lead Country star performs for police before his RodeoHouston debut See inside: Blake Shelton's childhood home for sale Family demands stiffer charge for 17-year-old shooter Every outfit worn by Melania and Ivanka Trump (so far) Woodlands man charged with international drug trafficking Years later, Astroworld site still center of a convoluted lawsuit Trump gives Texas-based oil company some love on Twitter Disturbing details revealed about reportedly tortured woman Houston rapper comes home for a show Secret Costco membership perks you may not know about HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS Prominent attorney may land back in court over expunged DWI case Senate revises 'bathroom bill' to boost support Local prosecutor wrongfully blamed for racist Twitter posts Winners and losers from the NFL combine J.J. Watt's brother, impresses at NFL scouting combine Best available players when NFL free agency begins A little slice of India raises big bucks Rodeo season kicks off with great party Museum's "Big Bang Ball" is a huge hit Best restaurant transformations The 10 best Houston restorations this year New champagne-centric restaurant coming The Lead Country star performs for police before his RodeoHouston debut See inside: Blake Shelton's childhood home for sale Family demands stiffer charge for 17-year-old shooter Every outfit worn by Melania and Ivanka Trump (so far) Woodlands man charged with international drug trafficking Years later, Astroworld site still center of a convoluted lawsuit Trump gives Texas-based oil company some love on Twitter Disturbing details revealed about reportedly tortured woman Houston rapper comes home for a show Latest Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
[Skip navigation] Follow                        Tuesday, March 7, 2017       Kansas City infoZine About Advertise with infoZine infoZine Contact Feedback Site News Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Cities Kansas Lenexa Olathe Overland Park Missouri Blue Springs Independence Kansas City Lee's Summit Liberty Inside Topics Features Jobs Videos Profiles Cartoon Post News Sign In Arts Arts and Entertainment Dance Film Gallery Literature Music Theatre Business Community Community Family Kids Pets Consumer Education Environment Health Health Food Food Agriculture Recipes U.S. Politics Science/Tech Science and Technology Computer Internet Sports Travel Videos World 680,000 Oball Rattles Recalled Saturday, March 04, 2017 :: Staff infoZine The clear plastic disc on the outside of the ball can break, releasing small beads, posing a choking hazard to young children.  Washington DC - infoZine - This recall involves (about 680,000 (in addition, about 17,000 were sold in Canada)) Oball Rattles in pink, blue, green and orange with model number 81031 printed on the inner surface of one of the plastic discs and on the packaging. The balls have 28 finger holes and measure four inches in diameter. Embedded in the rattles are a clear plastic disc with all orange beads and two clear plastic discs with beads of varying colors on the perimeter. Only rattles with date codes T0486, T1456, T2316, T2856 and T3065 located on a small triangle on the inner surface of the rattle are included in the recall. The first three numbers represent the day of the year and the last digit represents the year of production. Oball Rattle. Photo courtesy of CPSCThe firm has received 42 reports of the plastic disc breaking releasing small beads including two reports of beads found in children’s mouths and three reports of gagging. Consumers should immediately take these recalled rattles away from young children and contact the firm to receive a full refund. Consumer Contact: Kids II toll-free at 877-243-7314 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday or visit www.kidsii.com and click on “Recalls” at the bottom of the page for more information. Sold at Target, Walgreens, Walmart and other retailers nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Babyhaven.com, Diapers.com, ToysRUs.com, Walgreens.com and other online retailers from January 2016 through February 2017 for between $5 and $7. Tools:     Print      Email      Link      Comments (0) Related Source Profile:      U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, The              Related Topics:      Kids Consumer Information Family      Put Kids Headlines on your website. Articles by Date         Mar    17       S M T W T F S 26 27 28 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 01 Share this Article Tweet                                                                           HOME TOPICS FEATURES PROFILES VIDEOS JOBS ADVERTISE POST RSS     Use of this web site signifies you agreed to the terms of use and conditions. ISSN 1082-7315 - © 1994-2017 INFOZINE ® A REGISTERED TRADEMARK. infoZine ® is generously hosted with web services provided by KCServers.com
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Market Watch U.S. Stocks Look Pricey Plus, jumpy european bond markets, and skepticism about leaders and experts. By Paul Farrell Biography March 4, 2017 Just How Pricey Are Stocks? Morning Markets Briefing by Convergex convergex.com March 1: The best argument for avoiding U.S. stocks is simple: valuation. Using the Shiller P/E Ratio (price divided by a 10-year look-back at earnings), domestic equities trade for 29.1 times earnings versus a long-run average of 16.7 times. The last time they were this expensive was early 2002, some 15 years ago. So how have they done since? The Standard & Poor’s 500 has appreciated 116% (a 5.3% CAGR, or compound annual growth rate) since February 2002, on a price basis. With dividends reinvested, that return jumps to 175% (a... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s About to Get A Second Bite at the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. JetBlue and Other Airlines Hurt after Delta Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks are Overvalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Snap’s Stock Price Could Be Cut in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is India Lying About Its World Beating Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Snap, Range Resources, Xerox 2 Must-Know Credit Card Benefits 3 Four Tips for Tax Season Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Learn The Muscular System With A Recently Updated Coloring Book   View as PDF  Print View    Hope you found the Learn The Muscular System With A Recently Updated Coloring Book very informative. Colorado Springs, United States - March 4, 2017 /PressCable/ -- The Muscular System Coloring Book, an interactive and anatomically-based adult coloring book designed to present every single muscle in the human body muscular system anatomy for interested students and fitness fanatics, now is available for purchase officially on Amazon.com. Developed to be a realistic medical anatomy illustrations coloring book that relies on action and the imprinting of images in the mind as opposed to monotonous reading, note-taking and hours and hours of studing, the Muscular System Coloring Book is enabling everyone interested in the human body to learn the muscular system anatomy, muscle by muscle. "Our muscular systems is an incredibly complex network of muscles, interwoven, and difficult to study networks comprised of hundreds of different muscles and functionalities," said humanbodycoloringbook.com, Founder and Owner of the Muscular System Coloring Book. "As a result, traditional studying methods like reading a textbook simply don't cut it for mastering the makeup of our muscular system layouts." Coloring book users will find themselves effectively memorizing and learning the muscles in different regions of the body as they sit down and explore human anatomy diagram by diagram. The book comes with labeled, as well as unlabeled, diagrams so users can practice coloring different muscular regions multiple times for the ultimate memorization. Based on the premise that coloring actually visually imprints images into the brain, coloring in the muscular system will make muscle name and location recall much more accurate down the line. "Who wants to sit down with a textbook for eight hours and aggressively try to memorize terms with no accompanying visual illustrations?" said humanbodycoloringbook.com. "This coloring book completely revolutionizes learning our muscular system, and it does so in an engaging, effective, and above all, fun way." Want a review of the muscular system coloring book with fantastic illustrations? Checkout this Youtube video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Wr32A1oJB0 Contact Info: Name: Human Body Coloring Book Organization: Human Body Coloring Books Address: 7518 Banner Court, Colorado Springs, CO 80920, United States For more information, please visit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Wr32A1oJB0 Source: PressCable Release ID: 173185 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Boom Irrigation Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Tue 7th Mar 17) High Voltage Cables and Accessories Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) DataJeo Business Adverting ROI Customer Profile Targeting Software Released (Tue 7th Mar 17) Cardiac Pacemaker Market is expected to grow at CAGR of 7.9% by 2022: Vendors- Medtronic, SORIN, Osypka Medical (Tue 7th Mar 17) Connected Medical Devices Market: Industry Analysis, Demand, Trend and Global Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) Smart Roads Market: Industry Analysis, Demand, Trend, Growth and Global Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Prom Dress Occasion Attire Sequin Tulle Collection By Sheryll Raz Gold Announced   View as PDF  Print View    A new dress collection has been launched by Blush Fashion in time for the 2017 prom season. Blush Fashion provide high end and innovative designs for special occasions such as proms and weddings. Woodland Park, United States - March 4, 2017 /PressCable/ -- Blush Fashion have announced their new fashion collection in time for 2017 proms. Blush Fashion specialize in high end and stylish attire for formal and special occasions including proms and weddings. For more information please visit: http://epnclub.com/collections/blush-fashion. Launched in 2004 by fashion designer, Sheryll Raz Gold, Blush Fashion is a fashion brand that specialize in high end formal wear. The site explains that Sheryll is a passionate fashion designer and trend predictor who has been working in the fashion industry for over twenty years. Blush Fashion created innovative and fashionable designs that keep all women in mind. They state that they aim to create clothing for women of all shapes and sizes, so that they feel confident and beautiful when wearing one of their designs. Their designs are focused on special occasions and there is a dress available for everyone, from children to adults. Prom season is fast approaching and it is a time when a young woman wants to look her best in a beautiful dress. Blush Fashion's new collection has a wide range of fashionable and beautiful dresses and gowns that are ideal for prom night. The collection features romantic designs with flowing tulle skirts and backless dresses in a variety of colors. A pretty option is the midi tulle dress with an open back. This sleeveless dress features a high neckline with a scooping low back. The skirt is constructed from two layers of soft silk tulle and has an elastic aged waistband for comfort. This minimalist design comes in champagne or a soft bay pink and is ideal for the prom, summer parties and much more. Another option is the silver sequins and grey tulle maxi gown. This dress has a floor length skirt made from a double layer of smokey gray silk tulle and a body of silver sequins with a subtle v neckline. This gown has the right amount of sparkle to catch the eye while remaining an elegant choice. More information and photos of the dresses are available at the link above. Contact Info: Name: Catherine Birkelo Organization: Enlightened Products Network Address: P.O. Box 477, Woodland Park, CO 80866, United States For more information, please visit http://www.epnclub.com Source: PressCable Release ID: 175083 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Boom Irrigation Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Tue 7th Mar 17) High Voltage Cables and Accessories Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) DataJeo Business Adverting ROI Customer Profile Targeting Software Released (Tue 7th Mar 17) Cardiac Pacemaker Market is expected to grow at CAGR of 7.9% by 2022: Vendors- Medtronic, SORIN, Osypka Medical (Tue 7th Mar 17) Connected Medical Devices Market: Industry Analysis, Demand, Trend and Global Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) Smart Roads Market: Industry Analysis, Demand, Trend, Growth and Global Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
EPR Retail News Main menu Skip to content Home About FAQs Contact Us Editorial Staff Legal Submit Retail News Retail Press Release Distribution Publish unlimited for $99/mo Publish once for $59 Exclusivity (Publish for free) Advertise Reports Social Twitter Facebook Google+ VIP Search for: March 02, 2017 Auntie Anne’s® celebrates its first-ever Customer Appreciation Week with $1.99 Original Pretzels from March 6 to 12 by Retail News Editor Share on Facebook Share 0 Share on TwitterTweet 0 Share on Google Plus Share 1 Share on Pinterest Share 0 Share on LinkedIn Share 0 Send email Mail 1 Total Shares Auntie Anne’s® celebrates its first-ever Customer Appreciation Week with $1.99 Original Pretzels from March 6 to 12   LANCASTER, Pa., 2017-Mar-02 — /EPR Retail News/ — Auntie Anne’s®, the world’s largest hand-rolled soft pretzel franchise, today announced that from March 6 to 12 guests will be treated to $1.99 Original Pretzels to celebrate the company’s first-ever Customer Appreciation Week. That’s right, the inimitable Auntie Anne’s Original Pretzel will be available nationwide for less than two dollars. “When ‘Auntie’ Anne Beiler opened a pretzel stand in 1988, she launched a pretzel revolution,” said Carol Pasquariello, Vice President of Marketing for Auntie Anne’s. “The catalyst for that revolution was the Original Pretzel. With legions of loyal fans worldwide, we know our pretzels are loved. The love we have for our guests is just as strong, and we’re showing it by offering everyone’s favorite pretzel for just $1.99 during our first Customer Appreciation Week.” Adding to the fun, Auntie Anne’s is on a quest to find its ultimate fan. Fans who think they have what it takes to earn the title can go to Auntie Anne’s Facebook page now through March 5 and say why they deserve to be crowned the ultimate Auntie Anne’s fan. The winner will receive free pretzels for a year and the opportunity to take over the Auntie Anne’s Snapchat account (@AuntieAnnesSnap) for a day. Customer Appreciation Week and $1.99 Original Pretzels will be available at participating Auntie Anne’s locations nationwide. About Auntie Anne’s®: With more than 1,600 locations in 48 states and more than 25 countries, Auntie Anne’s mixes, twists and bakes pretzels to golden brown perfection all day long in full view of guests. Auntie Anne’s can be found in malls and outlet centers, as well as in non-traditional spaces including universities, airports, Walmarts, travel plazas, military bases, and food trucks. For more information, visit www.auntieannes.com, or follow on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. To receive the latest offers – including a free pretzel for your birthday – download the My Pretzel Perks app. Source: Auntie Anne’s ### 14,674 total views, 10 views today Sponsored content Matched content This entry was posted in Business, Discounts, Food & Beverage, Marketing, Retail, Retailer and tagged $1.99 Original Pretzels, Auntie Anne's, Carol Pasquariello, Customer Appreciation Week. Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation ← Previous Next → Follow @eprretailnews SUBMIT RETAIL NEWS March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Ads Editor’s pick B&B Hotels selects Vertical Booking CRS for enterprise hotel distribution across their 400 hotels (external link) Soracom launched secure and scalable IoT platform in Europe (external link) Nor-Tech Offers European Organizations Free Simulation Tests on a High Performance Computer Cluster for CAE, CFD, FEA Software (external link) ExpressVPN svela il sito multilingue (external link) ExpressVPN présente son site décliné en plusieurs langues (external link) Alliance News lancia il primo servizio di news finanziarie in lingua italiana attivo 24 ore (external link) Der ehemalige Banker Mike Baur verrät sein Erfolgsrezept für die Schweizer Wirtschaft (external link) PARENTS WHO WANT TO STYLE THEIR CHILDREN IN THE LATEST STREET STYLE AND FASHION TRENDS CAN NOW DO SO THANKS TO MINI TREND LINKS Foundation (external link) MDM GROUP AG pulls up plans to go public (external link) Preply, plateforme d’amélioration continue pour le tutorat et les études en ligne, arrive en France (external link) iSaveWeb Lite – Make Copies of Your Favorite Websites (external link) UnlimitedHand Haptic Game Controller: finalist of Wearable Technologies Innovation World Cup, joins Arduino AtHeart and Amazon LaunchPad to reach hackers worldwide (external link) Large Japanese property corporation entered the Australian & NZ serviced Apartments/accommodation Industry (external link) “Smart” concept for cover planting wins Farming by Satellite Prize (external link) L’équipe française remporte le prix paneuropéen Farming by Satellite (external link) CityJet Cabin Crew Recruitment Day in Brussels, Belgium (external link) SENA LANCE UNE APPLICATION POUR SMARTPHONE INNOVANTE POUR CONNECTER LES MOTARDS DU MONDE ENTIER (external link) SENA FÜHRT WEGWEISENDE SMARTPHONE-APP FÜR DIE VERBINDUNG VON FAHRERN WELTWEIT EIN (external link) SENA LAUNCHES GROUNDBREAKING SMARTPHONE APP TO CONNECT RIDERS WORLDWIDE (external link) Cabin Crew Recruitment Days taking place in Brussels, Belgium (external link) Gudny Aspaas Returns with a New Album (external link) Unique patent-pending “Body Camera” as a PTT Microphone: X-Surveillance DS300 (external link) New York’s Health Agency (NYSDOH) Cited in Iraq War’s Blowback (external link) Model at the age of 90 – Genia Galberstadt (external link) Vivier Chief Executive, Luigi Wewege Announces New Book: The Digital Banking Revolution (external link) Startup Founders: Are You Ready To Accelerate Your Business? (external link) NET-DYN Awarded Top Rated Status on Major E-commerce Platform Amazon (external link) ABBYY Launches an Open API for Its Trademark Lingvo Dictionaries (external link) DAN GRACE JOINS SKILLSTORM AS EVP, OPERATIONAL SERVICES (external link) Soldi troppo in nero: una compagnia Europea paga a gli guerriglieri (external link) L’argent trop «noir»: Une société européenne paye aux rebelles (external link) The Rose receives 2016 Jack Kemp Excellence in Affordable and Workforce Housing Award from the Urban Land Institute (external link) TS EMEA Takes "A Bridge to the Future" at the 29th World LPG Forum (external link) VidCon Europe Launches in Amsterdam, Announces Featured Creators (external link) Startup mentored by Promwad created one of the best IoT products in Europe (external link) Petroleum Engineer Launched Book of Short Stories endorsed by Reader’s Favorite (external link) Baton Rouge Based Roof Crafters Launches New CRM Software For Clients (external link) Real Estate Lead Partner Moves Headquarters To Nashville TN (external link) SYSTECH PARTNERS WITH SHARP PACKAGING & AUTAJON GROUP AT CPhI (external link) Zandre Campos Recipient Of Distinguished Business Excellence Award (external link) SYSTECH AND SERVICEPOINT PARTNER TO DELIVER SERIALIZATION AND TRACK & TRACE SOLUTIONS TO PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY IN EUROPE (external link) Sonatype and CloudBees Launch DevOps Express Initiative (external link) Sonatype Announces Nexus Repository Pro with High Availability and Software Component Analysis Built-in (external link) La Via della Seta su Binari: I Treni Blocco Cina-Europa (external link) Silk Road on Rails: The China-Europe Block Trains (external link) UAVtechnics unveils FLIR drone with dual thermal RGB camera (external link) Z3 Technology Introduces the Z3Cam-4K H.265 IP Camera with Integrated Auto Focus Zoom (external link) 1.5 Minute ConcussionTest “Sway” Issued CE Mark In EU as Medical Device (external link) Edo’s giant Lego­like blocks now on Kickstarter (external link) SENA PRÄSENTIERT REVOLUTIONÄREN SMART-FAHRRADHELM AUF DER EUROBIKE 2016 (external link) SENA PRESENTA ALLA FIERA EUROBIKE 2016 IL RIVOLUZIONARIO CASCO SMART PER IL CICLISMO (external link) SENA DESVELA EL REVOLUCIONARIO CASCO INTELIGENTE PARA CICLISTAS EN EUROBIKE 2016 (external link) SENA UNVEILS REVOLUTIONARY SMART CYCLING HELMET AT EUROBIKE 2016 (external link) Categories Apparel (1,660) Art (221) Asset Inventory (143) Auctions (25) Automotive (135) Awards (746) Baby Products (107) Beauty (617) Books (149) Business (8,425) Children (546) Consumer Goods (1,457) Consumer Information (872) Consumer Services (774) Convenience Stores (287) Cosmetics (200) Coupons (216) Discounts (530) E-Commerce (993) Electronics (564) Entertainment (405) Environment (369) Equipment (212) Fashion (1,347) Financial (2,002) Food & Beverage (2,390) Fragrances (105) Furniture (183) Games (98) Gifts (761) Grocery (2,309) Healthcare (788) Home & Garden (426) Home Decor (555) Human Resources (401) Jewelry (228) Kiosks (23) Law (218) Loss Prevention (23) Malls (338) Management (8,951) Marketing (3,954) Merchant Services (128) Mobile (184) Mobile Point of Sale (22) Mystery Shopping (2) Online Retailers (1,565) Online Shopping (1,383) Outlet (364) Overstock (1) Pet Products (128) Philanthropy (899) Point of Purchase Displays (40) PR (812) Restaurants (452) Retail (13,342) Retail Clubs (28) Retail Design (145) Retail Services (557) Retail Software (362) Retail Solutions (296) Retail Trade Consulting (57) Retailer (12,365) Safety Products (80) Savings (268) Shopping (841) Shops (931) SPA Products (18) Sports (325) Store Fixtures (117) Supply Chain (56) Technology (838) Toys (183) Trade-in (39) Transportation & Logistics (49) Travel (43) Uncategorized (40) Vending (17) Recent PRs Intershop and MAC-IT Solutions Extend Their Competencies In E-Commerce and Microsoft Dynamics NAV March 7, 2017 Artificial Colorings to be Removed by End of 2018 in all Dunkin’ Donuts and Baskin Robbins US Products March 7, 2017 Inaugural BJ’s Charity Championship A Marquee Stop on The Legends Tour March 7, 2017 H&M Studio Unveils a “See Now, Buy Now” S/S 17 Collection At Paris Fashion Week March 7, 2017 Lowe’s Achieves Strong Fourth Quarter Results March 7, 2017 Retailers Urge Congress to Support Association Health Plans for Small Businesses March 7, 2017 Best Buy Approves Plan to Return Excess Capital to Shareholders March 7, 2017 Dollar Tree, Inc.’s 2016 Fiscal Results Delivers Positive Growth March 7, 2017 Ross Stores reports An Earnings Increase in its Fiscal 2016 Results March 7, 2017 Stockmann Publishes Annual Report for 2016 March 7, 2017 Offering of Senior Notes by Brixmor Property Group Priced March 7, 2017 Additional U.S. and Canada Suppliers Included in Expanded Supplier Code of Conduct of The Wendy’s Company March 7, 2017 Springfield Welcomes Newest Kum & Go Store March 7, 2017 Nintendo Switch Launches at Midnight in 3000 GameStop Stores March 7, 2017 GameStop Approves 2.7% Increase of Its Annual Cash Dividend March 6, 2017 The YA Book Prize 2017 Shortlists Ten Titles March 6, 2017 Get to Know the Winners of the 26th Annual Discover Great New Writers Awards March 6, 2017 Dollarama To Release Fiscal Year 2017 Results at the End of the First Quarter March 6, 2017 ASOS Magazine’s Spring Issue Talks About The Power of Knowledge March 6, 2017 ASOS SS17 Collection features Second Collaboration with SOKO Kenya March 6, 2017 Archives March 2017 (95) February 2017 (504) January 2017 (457) December 2016 (412) November 2016 (666) October 2016 (633) September 2016 (693) August 2016 (589) July 2016 (508) June 2016 (344) May 2016 (366) April 2016 (341) March 2016 (317) February 2016 (308) January 2016 (331) December 2015 (423) November 2015 (496) October 2015 (544) September 2015 (491) August 2015 (285) July 2015 (219) June 2015 (182) May 2015 (146) April 2015 (195) March 2015 (219) February 2015 (164) January 2015 (170) December 2014 (156) November 2014 (182) October 2014 (208) September 2014 (222) August 2014 (158) July 2014 (166) June 2014 (179) May 2014 (159) April 2014 (191) March 2014 (184) February 2014 (187) January 2014 (125) December 2013 (2) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (3) July 2013 (4) June 2013 (6) May 2013 (8) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (6) February 2013 (14) January 2013 (12) December 2012 (16) November 2012 (18) October 2012 (21) September 2012 (11) August 2012 (9) July 2012 (7) June 2012 (12) May 2012 (29) April 2012 (34) March 2012 (36) February 2012 (35) January 2012 (25) December 2011 (35) November 2011 (52) October 2011 (47) September 2011 (35) August 2011 (43) July 2011 (41) June 2011 (33) May 2011 (26) April 2011 (40) March 2011 (36) February 2011 (24) January 2011 (17) December 2010 (33) November 2010 (30) October 2010 (31) September 2010 (41) August 2010 (28) July 2010 (36) June 2010 (40) May 2010 (32) April 2010 (29) March 2010 (33) February 2010 (29) January 2010 (21) December 2009 (31) November 2009 (37) October 2009 (26) September 2009 (21) August 2009 (16) July 2009 (14) June 2009 (17) May 2009 (14) April 2009 (11) March 2009 (12) February 2009 (15) January 2009 (10) December 2008 (23) November 2008 (25) October 2008 (34) September 2008 (24) August 2008 (12) Blogroll Amazon.com Comparison Shopping Blog Consumerist Cooper’s Retail Blog Delight Discount Store News Display & Design Ideas EPR Food & Beverage News EPR Retail News @ Feedburner EPR Retail News @ MyBlogLog EPR Retail News @ Technorati European Retail News and Press Releases Free Retail Press Releases Heads-O-R(e)tail JCPenney Kmart L.L. Bean Labelscar: The Retail History Blog Macy’s Merchants News Mighty Goods Shopping Blog Morning News Beat News on Retail Oleg Lazarov Overstock.com Point of Purchase Magazine Real Time Retail Press Release Distribution Retail Contrarian Retail News – Topix Retail Store Blog Retail Systems Retail Technology Blog Retail Week Retail-Blog Retailer News Retailers.com RetailSource RetailWire RT Magazine Sam’s Club Sears, Roebuck and Co. ShoppingBlog.com Stores.org Strange New Products Stylehive Supermarket News Target US Tesco The Curious Shopper Uncrate Wal-Mart WorldWide Retail Exchange © 2008 - 2017 EPR Retail News All Rights Reserved. All trade marks and names are owned by their respective owners. This retail newswire service is a spin-off of, and brought to you by EPR Network LLC. EPR Network LLC. is part of EuropaWireLtd. Terms of Service | Disclaimer | Privacy | Takedown | Copyright | DMCA | RSS | Google+ Powered by WP & theme by Citizen Journal
A Collaboration with University of Pittsburgh    Home News All Legal News US Legal News World Legal News News Archive This Day at Law Commentary All Commentary Academic Commentary Professional Commentary Student Commentary Contributing Editors Features Documents US Executive Orders US Presidential Documents US Federal Rulemaking Support Why Support JURIST? Donate Honor Roll Sponsorship About FAQ Staff Contact Transparency Sutin Prize Shawl Award J20 Election 2000 Famous Trials Staff Retrospective Follow Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn Contact Feeds Paper Chase Serious law. Primary sources. Global perspective. advertisement Minnesota House approves bill to prevent cities from implementing labor laws Friday 3 March 2017 at 2:34 PM ET by Akira Tomlinson ©  WikiMedia (Mulad) [JURIST] The Minnesota House approved a bill [text, PDF] on Thursday to prevent cities from implementing their own labor laws. HF 600 would ultimately prohibit [press release] local governments from regulating minimum wage, paid and unpaid leave, advance notice of work schedules, benefits, or other working conditions. The legislation, approved by a vote of 76-53, would apply retroactively, effectively repealing the new paid sick leave ordinances that were passed past year. Opponents of the bill argue it will have a negative effect on the working class. The bill now moves on to to Minnesota Senate. Minimum wage and employment issues continues to be a controversial issue in the US. The US has not seen an increase [Reuters report] in federal minimum wage since 2009. In the absence of a federal increase, many states have responded by raising their own minimum wages. Voters in Arizona, Colorado, Maine and Washington all approved minimum wage increase initiatives [JURIST report] in November, while South Dakota rejected a measure to lower the minimum wage. In January the Supreme Court of Missouri [official website] ruled [JURIST report] that the Kansas City Board of Commissioners [official website] must place a minimum wage proposal on the upcoming ballot. The same month the Kentucky legislature passed [JURIST report] the right-to-work legislation. In March the Missouri Supreme Court [official website] ruled [JURIST report] that St. Louis may raise its minimum wage next year. In January a federal judge refused [JURIST report] to force Wal-Mart to pay $80 million in back pay. The same month the US Department of Labor [official website] filed [JURIST report] a lawsuit against Oracle America, Inc. alleging it had a systemic practice of paying Caucasian male workers more than other works in the same job position. Posted in Paper Chase Latest Commentary prevnext The Emergence of Evidence Opens the Door for Another Lawsuit by Bosnia and Herzegovina Against Serbia International Treaty and Constitution: Contradictions of Cameroon Doris Toyou University of Pittsburgh School of Law On the Regulatory Logics of UNSC Resolution 2334 (2016) on Israeli Settlements Valentina Azarova Global Legal Action Network Torture Kabuki Benjamin G. Davis University of Toledo College of Law End of Life Liberty in California Kathryn L. Tucker End of Life Liberty Project The World Bank's View Through the Looking Glass Jessica Evans Human Rights Watch More Commentary About Paper Chase Paper Chase is JURIST's real-time legal news service, powered by a team of 30 law student reporters and editors led by law professor Bernard Hibbitts at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law. As an educational service, Paper Chase is dedicated to presenting important legal news and materials rapidly, objectively and intelligibly in an accessible format. Contact Paper Chase >> advertisement Recent Legal News Tags Trump signs new immigration executive order 4:05 PM ET, 6 March 2017 Bahrain parliament approves military trials for civilians 3:04 PM ET, 6 March 2017 Supreme Court rules juror's racial bias may call for a new trial 2:35 PM ET, 6 March 2017 Supreme Court sends transgender bathroom case back to lower court 2:33 PM ET, 6 March 2017 Bahrain justice ministry moves to dissolve opposition group 2:17 PM ET, 6 March 2017 Ukraine asks ICJ to bar Russia from aiding Ukraine separatists 10:31 AM ET, 6 March 2017 Bahrain international military trials terrorism advertisement About JURIST JURIST is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to bringing objective legal news and reasoned expert analysis to the public. E-mail inquiries, changes, news tips, URLs, corrections, etc. to JURIST@jurist.org. Legal Disclaimer JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help. Questions × Your message has been sent. Thank you! © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Home News Commentary Features Podcasts Support About © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Legal Disclaimer Please note that JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help.
Toggle navigation Login Register RS Gathering Diaries × Toggle navigation Step Aside, Brawny Man. You’re Being Replaced by A Woman Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Step Aside, Brawny Man. You’re Being Replaced by A Woman Posted at 8:00 pm on March 3, 2017 by Mickey White Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Who asked for this? The Brawny Man famous for bringing us sturdy paper towels, is being swapped out for a Woman. During the month of March in honor of Women’s History Month, The Brawny Woman will appear on their products. Clad in red flannel, The Brawny Woman is here for a limited time to remind you, that girls can be lumberjacks too. Or something. It’s all part of the paper towel brand’s #StrengthHasNoGender initiative, which is in its second year. The campaign was started by Georgia-Pacific, Brawny’s parent company, in an effort to champion women in STEM fields (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math). The company is also donating $75,000 to educational programs for Girls. Yet… it still makes me roll my eyes so hard they hurt. In addition to the special packaging, the company is releasing a couple of videos to celebrate the initiative, including one called, “Breaking Barriers,” which honors the accomplishments of famous women, including Harriet Tubman, Amelia Earhart, and Serena Williams. Brawny.com is also featuring videos on the stories of four women in the STEM fields who have broken barriers and inspired others Is it strange that I picture the cast of Portlandia sitting in a meeting discussing the new “Brawny Woman”? Trending Nancy Pelosi Caught Lying To the Nation About Her Russian Intelligence Contacts | RedState streiff I guess I should be impressed that they were able to come up with a very specific promotion for Women’s History Month, so that Walmart could sell more of their paper towels. All of it just feels very forced to me, but then again… I am blogging about it. So I think that means they win. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Tags: Brawny Man Media Pop Culture walmart Women's History Month Recent Stories Immigrants? He Meant “Involuntary Immigrants”: Dr. Carson Doubles Down Susan Wright In ‘Layman’s Terms’ Shaun King Is Dumber Than a Sack of Really Dumb Hammers Jim Jamitis Democrats Threaten To Shut Down the Federal Government Over Russia Investigation streiff COMMENTS POSTING RULES  |  LOGIN TO COMMENT  |  REGISTER TODAY Trending GOP ObamaCare Repeal And Replace Bill Unveiled (UPDATED) The End of the Republic: Trump Makes Devastating Mistake. Again. Transgendered Student Who Became White Male Told Diversity Post Isn't for Him or His Partriarchy Democrats Threaten To Shut Down the Federal Government Over Russia Investigation In 'Layman's Terms' Shaun King Is Dumber Than a Sack of Really Dumb Hammers Ben Carson Refers To Slaves As “Immigrants” While Talking To HUD Employees Susan Wright Watercooler 3/6/2017 Open Thread: When to stop caring… grumpy_old_soldier Trump Associate Carter Page Gets Document Retention Order From Senate Intel Committee streiff If Dems Want Trump to Stop Talking About Wiretaps, They Should Stop Talking about Russia Scott Hounsell Jimmy Buffett Pushing Sad Idea of Margaritaville Themed Retirement Communities Jim Jamitis Chicago Celebrates a Whole Week Without a Fatal Shooting Jim Jamitis Related Stories If Dems Want Trump to Stop Talking About Wiretaps, They Should Stop Talking about Russia Scott Hounsell WATCH. SNL Seeks Republican Who Will Put “Country Over Party” in Movie Parody Mickey White Trending on Townhall Media Revenge of the anonymous sources « Hot Air hotair.com Top 10 U.S. Military Actions | Human Events humanevents.com Why Do American Jews Want Thousands of Jew Haters in America? townhall.com Trump is Antichrist | RedState redstate.com Home RS Gathering Advertise Newsletters Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright RedState.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you
